 I love these ! and keep one in my pocket every day.Pros-High quality from Zerba-Writes perfectly-Ink is fast drying and doesnt smudge-Very pocketable-Sturdy , doesnt bend-Ingenious pen tip protector deploys when retracted , keeping you from staining or puncturing clothes-Doesn ' t leak , even if you run it through the washer and dryer-Ink cartridge lasts quite a while-Ink cartridge is replaceable , I 've been using the same two pens for years , on my 3rd refill-Most people will probably lose these pens before the ink runs out or anything breaks.Cons-Occasionally the pocket clips gets bent out of shape - Fix - unscrew the top chrome cap , remove the pocket clip to bend it back and reinstall-The screw parts -LRB- front tip and top chrome cap -RRB- can unscrew after time - This really is n't a con , anything shoved in your pocket daily will start unscrew - Fix - try dabbing a bit of thread locker or water based glue -LRB- elmers , glue stick -RRB- on the thread 's before reinstalling-People will steal your pen
 My husband LOVES these pens and wo n't use anything else . It fits perfectly in his front shirt pocket and is super light .
 I have carried these pens for years and occasionally lose one ... or it gets gone , but they fit in shirt pockets , or pants pockets and are always ready to use .
 Wow ! Good , Good , Good condition ! This is an awesome pen and I am very pleased with it . Thank you so much !
 Have used these for a while now and enjoy them . These pens are great for travel - compact and easy to use .
 I had two of these already , purchased at a local office supply store . They were less expensive here , so I ordered another-however it arrived with no mounting hardware .
 It appears that some batches of this tape have a problem with stickiness , however the package I bought works well . I use this tape to attach PayPal labels to my packages as well as taping the packages themselves . They work very well , and the clear tape allows me to use paper labels rather than more expensive self-stick labels . What I like about this tape that it is not as thin as some other packaging tapes I tried , so it is easier to control - it lays evenly where I put it and does not stick with bubbles or to itself.Given Amazon 's excellent return policy and a statement from the manufacturer that they will remedy the problem -LRB- posted as a reply to some of the complaints -RRB- this product is worth a try . The chances of someone being stuck with bad tape permanently is not an issue . If you get a good batch this is an excellent , cost effective product.Ali Julia review
 There seem to have been some batches of this tape that were defective , but the rolls I received were definitely not defective . I used this tape for all of my boxes from my recent move , and I had no problems whatsoever . I did n't have to use a bunch of tape on every box , and I did n't have any tape come unstuck from boxes.Perfect .
 Finding a reliable packaging tape is not an easy matter ! It 's not only the strength but the handling of the tape . In tha past I have struggle with cheap versions , not only for their thinnes and poor manufacturing but for the inability to resume its use if you do n't have a dispenser . Impossible to find the line and keep on rolling . I have thrown several cheapos.Not here . Scotch is a brand name that will always be reliable in delivering outstanding quality on all types of tape ; and this is no exception .
 Certainly this is very strong tape . No doubt about that . But . . from my experience . . it really does n't stick very well . Though it looks like it 's stuck to the box ... it comes right up if you pull on the edge . I send a lot of packages to soldiers in Afghanistan . In the past I purchased Tartan brand tape on Amazon and was very happy with it . No , it 's not nearly as strong , but it sticks well , and I always make sure I once along the seam , and then twice across the seam -LRB- like an `` H '' -RRB- no matter what type of tape I 'm using , and I 've never had a problem.Also , the cost of this tape is CRAZY EXPENSIVE . No only look at the cost , and the number of rolls ... but also how much is on the roll . It 's usually a MUCH better value to purchase 100 + yards on a roll as opposed to 54-yards . Tartan Sealing Tape , 1.88 x 109 Yards , Clear , 6 Rolls -LRB- 3690 -RRB-
 This packaging tape is the best I have used so far for strength and handling . It is sturdy , dispenses very well , and the end easily stays up on the dispenser . Applying to the package is better than other tapes , it smooths out easily and does n't crumple and wrinkle during application which is a problem I 've had when using thinner tapes.I have tried many different brands and types of packaging tape through the years . Generally if I could n't find a better quality tape on sale I usually ended up going with the lower price , and have regretted that many times , especially one time when I bought a six pack of the stuff and had to deal with it for a long time . The very thin , cheaper tape can be a nightmare . Even with my good dispenser that holds the end of the tape out from the roll there is a problem with the handling and application of the thinner tapes ... and when the end adheres to the roll , which it frequently does , it is impossible to get the end back up without a lot of time and trouble.The bottom line for me now , after these aggravating experiences , is that it is worth the extra cost for a packaging tape like the Scotch super strength . If you have use for the 8-pack it is actually a very good price -LRB- right now at around 4 per roll -RRB- .
 I ship a lot of packages and decided to give this tape a try . It turns out you only need to tape a box once with this stuff and that 's it . Before I was having to tape boxes 2 or 3 times to make sure they would n't open . This stuff is really strong , and I use a lot less of it per box than I did the cheap stuff . That means I really save money using something that is better . And I save time as well . Great product !
 This is the best clear packing tape I have run across , and believe me after multiple moves and packing and sending boxes I have used plenty of different types of tape.The good is that this is extremely strong and wide enough that one swipe will seal most boxes . You can also write addresses and after putting this tape over them , they will be moisture and scratch proof.The only two criticisms are , that I really prefer nylon tape for real strength ; but with that said this tape was too tough for a packing tape holder/cutter I had , yet it cuts easily with scissors . My one tip in using these rolls , rather than folding the tape over , is to place a paper clip on the sticky side and you can always get the end to start taping again.So ... . it 's a pretty good tape to pack with and have confidence that it will hold a box together .
 There are a number of reasons I am not a surgeon , one of which is that I am tape-challenged . Sticks to me , sticks to itself , snarls , buckles , but never a smooth professional tape job . That said , I ship a lot to far flung children and friends , and I revel in a tidy job . This stuff does n't split , peels off nicely , and is easy to apply in a satisfying crease-free fashion . Furthermore , per my office colleague who made off with 2 of my 6 free rolls , it does not lift paint off the wall when you tape your kid 's artwork up for display . I would n't know about that ; all our yellowed old masterpieces still hang by magnets on the front of our ` frig .
 This tape in not the garden variety stuff you get at the dollar store . It 's a heavy film , plenty sticky tape that you would use for shipping bigger items that you do n't want damaged . Great for ebay stuff for a little extra security . If I can find it , I will buy this over any other tape . Only deduction is the price .
 This tape is great ! It is so thick , you do not have to use a plastic holder cutter thing with it . It rarely ever splits , and there is never a problem finding the beginning of the tape roll . The only thing that concerns me about it is , I 'm not sure it clings as tight to the box as thinner tape . But as far as I know , none of my boxes have come open after I have shipped them . They have all arrived at their destination , with no complaints from the receivers . I 'll never go back to thinner tape again .
 I used to work for a guy who required us to wrap every square inch of a shipped package in tape . `` Pack for a water landing '' , he would say . He would have loved this stuff ! From the first moment you peel a length of this tape off the roll , you can feel the difference between it and ordinary packing tape . Regular tape will tangle , fold back over , stick to itself and cause untold grief and frustration . This tape has a thickness and stiffness to it that will eliminate all that . I think you could dispense a pretty long piece and position it where you need it without having to fight with it at all . Eliminating waste would likely offset any cost difference for this premium product . It has comparable strength to strapping tape without the annoying filaments that make strapping tape impossible to cut off the roll with your teeth . I consider this a huge plus ! I do not have a tape gun to test this in but I expect that you would need one with an excellent cutter blade due to the extra thickness of this tape . Though the tape is thicker , it does not sacrifice much in terms of plyability so I think it would still be able to conform to any odd shaped items you needed to tape-for example if you wanted to mummify my former boss ...
 This is the best tape for a multitude of uses . It is strong . It does n't shred of tear like the inferior tapes out there.The rolls are large and can be used with or without a tape dispenser . Obviously the dispensers are handy and 3M has a couple that the tape will fit .3 M H122 Dispenser for 3 Core Box Sealing Tape , Compact and Quick Loading , Grayor3M Scotch Gray Box Sealing Tape Dispenser -LRB- H180 -RRB- Use it for : Affixing Mailing labelsSealing shipping boxesFixing torn maps -LRB- do we still use them ? -RRB- Making business cards into luggage tagsMending a broken garage door windowRoll it inside out for a quickie lint removerand on and on ...
 Excellent tape . It 's strong , it 's sticky , and it 's clear - a winning combination . It sticks to cardboard boxes really well , and does n't peel off like some inferior tapes do . Also , it fit into my tape dispenser easily -LRB- but that 's probably b/c of some universal size for these sorts of things -RRB- . I will use this same brand / type of tape again , especially the next time I move and need to make sure my packing boxes stay closed . Also , I find the tape to be almost imperceptively thicker than usual , and solid enough that it does n't snap/break if you try and break it.I recommend this product .
 This packing tape is good heavy-duty quality and I 've already used it to seal several packages for shipping . I 'd recommend doing some comparison-price shopping before buying - this is one of those few products that you can sometimes find cheaper in your local stores , rather than buying it online .
 Not only is this tape great for sealing boxes up with , but recently I had a car window that would n't go up all the way . I had to wait a week for a $ 400 special-order part -LRB- ouch ! -RRB- , and it was a snowy/rainy week . I did n't much like the idea of driving around with a garbage back on my car , so I just ran several lines of this tape to seal up the window . It worked well ! Did n't have any stuff flapping in the wind , and it was completely water-proof ! Furthermore , it did n't leave a whole lot of messy residue on the car or window ... Great tape !
 Our packages run from very light -LRB- Think 3 disc CD -RRB- to large and heavy -LRB- Think child 's doll house -RRB- , and this tape has never failed us . It does n't split or tear but holds box flaps securely -LRB- even through a rain storm we were told -RRB- . The width is perfect for tight holding of flaps , and we use a thick nib pen to print address underneath it.No reason for us to change or try another - why ? When you have the best .
 In a week I ship anywhere from four to a dozen or more packages , all of which are packed and taped to withstand a nuclear blast -LRB- you never know how UPS , USPS , FedEx , or any other carrier will treat the package -RRB- . I 've been buying my tape from a shipping supply company for the past few years . The cost is about $ 30 for 18 rolls -LRB- 2 '' wide x 110 yards long , 1.5-2 mil thickness -RRB- . The problem I have with the tape is that it 's fairly thin and gets ripped fairly easy -LRB- even by hand -RRB- , so I usually apply three strips to insure that nothing will happen during shipping . Well that is no longer the case with Scotch 's Super Strength tape!This stuff is amazingly thick and just does not rip or tear without a knife/scissors . I measured the thickness of SSS -LRB- Scotch Super Strength -RRB- tape to my usual tape and Scotch 's is easily twice as thick -LRB- measured 3 mils consistently in multiple areas that I tested -RRB- . Even comparing two brand new rolls to each other , Scotch 's is actually bigger/thicker , even though there is half as much on the roll -LRB- please refer to the picture that I uploaded -RRB- . The adhesion on SSS tape is great ! Not once has it slipped or peeled off any of the boxes I 've applied it to , nor has anyone received a package from me with the tape falling or coming off of it.The tape is also very clear , no yellow tinge/color . I know UPS and USPS will be very happy about this.I am no longer needing to apply two or three strips to insure the package is n't going to pop open , just one . So the cost , for me at least , is actually about the same for about half as much since I do n't have to use as much.So next time I need to buy some tape , I will not be buying the cheap stuff , it 's going to be Scotch 's Super Strength from now on!Pros : Strongest tape I have ever used , period.Adhesion is fantastic.Cost is comparable to what I am already spending for tape.Crystal clear , does not obstruct the label.Cons : None !
 I buy a lot of this tape . In the past I used to get it from Sam 's Club , but Amazon.com 's price is about 25 % cheaper than Sam 's Club on this item.This tape is a great value , no matter where you buy it from . Cheaper , budget tapes tend to curl , get stuck to itself , or tear down the roll . When that happens you waste a lot of time and tape . This Scotch tape is so thick that you do n't have those sorts of problems . I use it on a heavy duty `` tape gun '' type hand held dispenser and it works great . Saving the time , tape , and frustration make this tape a better value than the super thin economy stuff that you might be inclined to buy.The tape itself is strong . To open a package sealed with it pretty much requires that you peal the tape off , or cut it at the seams with a box cutter or knife.The adhesive on this tape is adequate , and sticks to most surfaces very well -LRB- especially boxes and other shipping materials -RRB- , but the stickiness of this tape is no were near as high as the strength of the tape . It is fine on boxes , glass , itself , and other things that you are supposed to use packing tape on . If you try to use this tape for Duct Tape type applications you will be disappointed in the lack of stickiness on some surfaces . Wood , painted surfaces , some metals , and other non-packing material surfaces do not bond well with this tape.This tape ages well . Both in storage and in application , this tape pretty much stays the way you leave it . The adhesive remains the way it should , as does the tape itself . A lot of other tapes do n't store well , or loose or gain stickiness over time . Some packing tapes can turn into a real mess after a few months in a warm attack . This tape does not exhibit any of those problems.When shopping for packing tape , I make my selection based on what bad things it does n't do , rather than seeking any particular ` performance ' attributes . Because this tape does n't do any of the bad things that many other packing tapes do , I strongly recommend it . You will find it to be a very good value .
 I have used this packaging tape for years without problem . I have found it to be the best tape for general packaging and you can rely on it to get your package delivered in one piece . It is very strong and durable and it clear so it looks nice . It works very well in a tape dispenser .
 I have used this packaging tape for years without problem . I have found it to be the best tape for general packaging and you can rely on it to get your package delivered in one piece . It is very strong and durable and it clear so it looks nice . It works very well in a tape dispenser .
 A lot of reviewers complained that this stuff does n't stick , but it sticks just fine for me . I 'd buy it again for sure .
 I go through a LOT of packing tape so I thought I would give the Scotch Super Strength Packing Tape a try . Ok ... well , what is there to say about tape . It sticks well . It cuts good out of the dispenser -LRB- you have to have your own dispenser as these are refill rolls -RRB- . It 's a little hard to get a fresh roll started , they do have a spot where you are supposed to be able to get a new roll started , but it is difficult to grab hold of that to get it started -LRB- these are not e-z start rolls -RRB- . My only other complaint with this tape is that I think because it is so much thicker of a tape , it sometimes has a tendency to want to wrinkle if you do n't keep it going in a perfectly straight line while laying it down . Other than that , it does what it should and I have not had any complaints yet about the tape being unstuck from a package .
 While this product is excellent in every way , there are less expensive product that will be sufficient . If money is no object and the highest quality is what you need or want , then this your product . Otherwise , you may want to shop around . At the current pricing of $ 29 for 6 rolls , I think you can do better , and I am not sure it 's worth it .
 I mail out alot of packages and use alot of packaging tape . And sometimes I have fights with the tape -- it is either too thin , it sticks to itself when I unroll it , it has a mind of its own and wrinkles just as I am about to tape up the package , and if I should forget to create a little `` tape tab '' so I can easily unwind it from the roll the next time , I engage in the `` battle of the tape '' where I pick at it until I find a starting point , only to unravel pieces of the tape in an endless spiral -- what a waste of tape and money , eh?So after receiving , trying and using this , I am VERY happy with this Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape 3850-6 . It is User Friendly ! It is STRONG , It is Tenacious -- I affixed a 10 inch length of the tape from a roll of tape hanging onto a fixed object the other day and the roll did not drop down to the floor from its own weight -- the tape stuck and even the exposed part was just as sticky as ever a few days later . I left a used roll of tape un-tabbed for a few days in a warm kitchen - the cut end of the tape was retrievable without tearing and without my losing any portion of the tape when I pulled it open . Bravo!UNLIKE some thicker plastic tape which will not conform to the shape of the package , THIS tape DOES - very willingly -- My packages are mailed out now knowing that parts of the tape will not decide to get stuck to something at the post office and pull off.It is crystal clear , wide enough to tape up a package with fewer passes , it works well in those plastic hand-held tape dispensers and truth be told , it cuts very easily , even if all you want to use as a cutter is your teeth .
 I do a lot of shipping on eBay , and so I usually go through a lot of packing tape . Much of my problems come from having to reinforce boxes so that their contents do n't drop out . This tape actually helps me get rid of that issue . It is super strong , and it holds box flaps together without having to tape and re-tape over areas . It also stays down from the moment you put it on the box . You do n't have to worry that it will peel off . I like to use the tape also to laminate over shipping labels to keep them on , and it works wonderfully.Scotch makes the best tape , and this shipping tape is sure to meet your most demanding shipping needs . The six-pack ensures that this will last a long time . I highly recommend this packing tape for shipping anything .
 I was very impressed with this packing tape . When I pulled off the first piece I was shocked at how thick it was . I guess I 've been using cheap tape over the years . Not only is it nice because it 's so sturdy and strong , but it also does n't fold up on itself as easily so it makes packing packages a lot easier . You do n't end up spending half your time straightening the tape or unsticking it.I have no doubt my packages will make it to their destination in tact .
 I guess you do get what you pay for as the old saying goes . I use a lot of tape mailing packages out every day and sometimes I have to get the cheaper tape -LRB- Scotch is usually higher -RRB- , but I always regret it later . The cheaper tape wrinkles up or you lose it on the roll and ca n't find where to start peeling again . It 's so frustrating . Some rolls I have had to throw out completely because the tape splits down the middle or it has lost its stickiness . I have never had a problem with Scotch though , no matter how old it is and how long I have left it sitting around . These big rolls are great for my packages and make everything so much easier . No splitting , no wrinkling , very sticky . Love it !
 We 've all used this tape so what could possibly be better about this newest type?Well , I 'm here to tell you that it is actually stronger . This shipping tape is thicker than the earlier version that 3M put out last year and it 's much stickier , which is a huge improvement.I ship expensive art items all over the country . I also pack away some art items from time to time . There 's nothing scarier than to see something you value sitting in storage with the lid popped open . When shipping tape does n't hold any better than Magic Tape , what 's the point ? Yet , roll after roll of their older version did not work well for me on brand new clean boxes.This new brand feels smoother as well and you can tell the adhesive will hold better , it simply feels stickier to your fingers . After testing a few strips on cardboard , it proved to me that it 's better . The old version simply comes away from the cardboard without tearing it while the new version takes off the first layer of paper . I 'm sold.One thing that is most bothersome is the fact that the start of each roll -LRB- the dead space that allows you to get the tape started -RRB- is not quite at the end of the strip . So , in essence , it 's purpose is somewhat canceled out . It 's just as hard to get into these rolls as it would be with zero starter space . For that , they lose a star from me .
 With the approach of another holiday season , having sufficient packaging tape -LRB- preferably of the `` suoer strength '' variety -RRB- is especially important ... and appreciated . Members of our family accumulate holiday gifts throughout the year and then , shortly before or after Thanksgiving , begin to gift-wrap and package those to be shipped . This product really does offer exceptional strength and is easily applied . We will be sharing rolls with three married sons and their families who live here in Dallas . In addition to shipping purposes , we have used the tape when boxing up warm-weather clothing after removing cold-weather clothing from the same boxes . In fact , we have dozens of uses for this tape and will replenish supplies whenever needed . For the price , given what it prevents as well as what it ensures , Scotch Super Strength Packing Tape is also quite a bargain .
 I 've been using this tape for years now and wo n't buy anything else . It 's very strong yet easy to cut , and fits on the handheld roll cutters perfectly . I use it for everything including sealing boxes and reinforcing envelope seals or Priority Mail envelopes .
 this is a great value for shipping tape . the tape is n't too thick and does n't gum up scissors when cut . on the other hand , it 's not so thin that so that it wants to stick to itself like cheaper brands . we used this tape to help my brother move stuff to the basement , and it held 20lb boxes with just one strip across the bottom .
 Whenever I try to save money with cheaper packaging tape , I come to regret it . This is the good stuff .
 This is a strong heavy duty packing tape . It wo n't curl up like the cheap ones . It also does not fly away and stick to something else if you are not quick enough when cutting it.We go through lots of packing tape in our home , and this is by far , among the best.Updated November 2012I found another great Scotch brand packing tape that is much more affordable . Scotch Long Lasting Moving & Storage Packaging Tape , 1.88 Inches x 54.6 Yards , 4 Rolls -LRB- 3650-4 -RRB- . I use packing tape mainly for binding my paper recyclables . This works very well . I also use it for shipping and it performs well too . The item I am reviewing Scotch Heavy Duty Shipping Packaging Tape , 1.88 Inches x 54.6 Yards , 3 Rolls -LRB- 3850-3 -RRB- is indeed a STRONGER , heavier tape . But I actually prefer the `` Log Lasting Moving '' tape . It is not as thick , so it is easier to cut . And on some surfaces -LRB- mainly corrugated boxes -RRB- , it actually adheres better . Here is the link to the tape I 'm using now.Scotch Long Lasting Moving & Storage Packaging Tape , 1.88 Inches x 54.6 Yards , 4 Rolls -LRB- 3650-4 -RRB-
 Nothing else compares . I used this on recycled boxes to move my library . It 's more expensive , but you use less . This is seriously thick tape that sticks to just about anything and is much stronger than other domestic packing tapes on the market . One strip of this stuff is normally all you need to secure a box large enough to ship a flat screen in . My favorite thing to do with it is to reinforce those USPS flat rate envelopes that have really weeny seals . Anything you can fit in the envelope ships for a flat rate , right ? Well you can get more stuff in there with one strip of this stuff and the envelope will NOT pop open .
 The package arrived on time . The product is wonderful . I used it in all my moving boxes and packages . Great job !
 Over the last month , we used this clear packing tape to send a number of crucial internet purchases to buyers across the U.S. . It works as advertised . There 's very little waste because it 's thick enough to reduce mishandling , and sticks well enough to save from overlapping or doubling it up.We also use it for dust/lint removal on black velvet store displays -LRB- instead of lint rollers -RRB- and it has just the right amount of tackiness to grab the dirt without destroying the surface of the display being cleaned.Overall , we 're very satisfied and would easily recommend spending the extra over the thin , bargain versions .
 We use quite a bit of packaging tape and have tried several different brands . Generally , I 've found that the really cheap stuff has a lot of memory to it and tends to curl on you while you are trying to stick it where you want it . This Scotch tape comes off the roll with practically zero memory , which makes it very easy to handle . I used to buy this 6 pack at Sam 's Club but now the price here on Amazon is actually less than Sam 's , and with Amazon Prime I get it delivered for free , which is awesome.Regarding stickiness , I 've never experienced anything like that video reviewer with the Kleenex box in their review . They must have gotten a bad batch , or maybe that particular Amazon seller stored their inventory somewhere that was n't climate controlled and the tape just degraded . This tape is as sticky as can be , and I 've never had issues with it not being sticky enough . In fact , if I accidentally stick it somewhere on a box and try to remove the piece of tape , it takes part of the box off with it.This tape gets the job done consistently , which is why I continue to buy it .
 Pros :1 . Thick and it sticks ! 2 . Much cheaper buying from Amazon than Office Depot or any brick and mortar store.Cons :1 . Due to the thickness of the tape , it is fairly difficult cutting the tape when using this with a tape gun .
 Love this tape for shipping packages , which we do a lot of . Originally I orderedScotch Long Lasting Moving & Storage Packaging Tape , 1.88 Inches x 54.6 Yards , 4 Rolls -LRB- 3650-4 -RRB- and was horribly disappointed , how can Scotch tape not stick to cardboard boxes I thought ? I actually bought my first roll of this stuff from the FedEx Office store after taping up a box with the Moving tape and having it fly open a minute later . Maybe I had a bad roll but I was very unimpressed . Enter this tape , the Heavy Duty Shipping tape . Works wonderfully ! I used my Amazon iPhone app to scan a 4-pack roll of these in a store and ordered the same items from Amazon , but they come in 3 larger rolls instead , so you 're getting the same amount of tape as the older 4 pack . Great stuff , will buy again on the next restock .
 Other reviews have commented a lot that this tape is not sticky . I ordered it March 2012 and the tape sticks just fine . It 's thicker than your ordinary packing tape , but is just as clear . It 's practically invisible when attaching labels to boxes . I wish there was a good non-petroleum product available that works as well as this , which is why it only gets 4 stars instead of 5
 Even without a holder , it was pretty easy to work with , and is definitely heavy duty so I was able to seal my boxes securely . Good price and I 'll likely order it again .
 I got tired of using the light weight type of shipping or packaging tape because it usually broke or tore at least once per box.These rolls are tough and heavy duty . They stick well and are very strong . We have packaged quite a few things for mailing and shipping without a worry or concern that the package might break open . This is good stuff .
 Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape is the gold standard for what has become an essential product for many buyers and sellers living in the age of e-commerce . The spools are designed to fit into standard handheld tape dispensers perfectly . In all the years that I 've been using Scotch tape , have n't yet found any type of paper or cardboard shipping container that this tape does n't adhere to perfectly.In fact , I 've never had a product returned to me because the box I sent failed due to the tape . Heat , cold or rain does n't seem to effect the performance . Scotch packaging tape is simply the best you can get !
 We have used the 3M 3850 tape for years and find it easy to work with , excellent adhesion and very strong . Nothing more to say , just does it 's job with no fuss .
 I 've used Scotch packing tape for years . This one is actually the thicker kind . I wish Scotch would package them or make the two different types of tape more different looking so people can tell which is which . Regardless , both types of tape are strong and easy to use . I only use Scotch tape for my packages . Why try anything else ?
 It 's great tape and holds packages closed . In my experience it 's best to ship using a good tape however this product is overpriced . I buy it to get over the free super saving threshold once in awhile .
 Just to keep this short and sweet , this is the best packaging tape I 've ever used and I 've tried quite a few different brands . Extremely strong and durable . While using this tape , I 've mailed out dozens of packages over the past couple years via UPS and USPS and never had a single problem with them busting open during transit . Simply put , you ca n't go wrong with it .
 I have tried off brand tape , other brand tape , and even Scotch 's regular shipping tape . Nothing compares to this tape . It is super strong and dependable . You do n't have to worry about box seams splitting , tape ripping , etc. . I used this both for packing for moving and for shipping items to customers . It is very reliable , and my customers appreciate receiving a well packaged item .
 it kinda expensive for $ 18 . but its 3m , nice product . sticks well , cuts well , etc. . .
 My wife buys and sells things on Ebay . We probably average getting and mailing about two packages per day . I 'm the guy in charge of wrapping things for mailing . It 's a tough job but somebody 's got to do it . Of course , one of the tasks is to securely fasten things in mailing boxes . For this , I chose Scotch Packaging Tape and I use so much of it that I order it in these six packs . It 's a somewhat expensive outlay , but a six pack lasts a long time.This tape is excellent . I 've had no problems with it . None at all . It 'll secure almost any box and it 's good and strong . We 've been doing this for over four years now and we 've never had any feedback that our packages arrived in bad shape or were split open . This is an excellent product and the six pack suits my needs well.Gary Peterson
 Easy to load onto tape dispenser . Seems thicker than `` Scotch Moving & Storage Packaging Tape . '' This tape is good for securing heavy boxes of books and similar items .
 This is a fairly strong , clear , transparent packing tape . It 's sticky and you can close boxes with it . It 's a little difficult to get off the roll , having a tendency to split into strands rather than come off cleanly , but that 's a relatively minor inconvenience , easily solved with a knife and a straight cut across one layer of the roll.I would not recommend using this tape for the manufacture of clothing due to its transparent nature , but it would be a perfect choice if you 're looking for a going-away gift for annoying neighbors .
 You really do get what you pay for . I 've used cheaper packaging tape and I 've used Scotch . Scotch is by far the best . It pulls off the roll easily , cuts cleanly , and sticks firmly to the package . You do n't need more than one row of tape for most packing . What more can you ask for?Highly recommended .
 This is a heavy duty tape , thick and with real sticking power , worth the price if that 's what you need . I send out a lot of packages , including a number of 25 pound boxes to myself when seasonally moving house and sometimes when they arrive the tape is the only thing holding them together . I have tried many brands trying to save money , but come back to Scotch for the quality .
 This is great tape ! I 've been using this brand for the last 5 to 10 years when packing my eBay items ! Very reliable ! Highly recommended !!
 When I originally started Ebaying stuff , I used the cheapest brown packing tape I could find . Brown packing tape looks better when reusing boxes , especially for covering previous shipping labels , but you should always have the clear stuff around too , as its useful for affixing loose shipping labels when you dont have a sticker or pouch.This tape is definitely heavy-duty , which is good not just for securing packages , but its also easier to handle as it does n't fold back onto itself like cheap tape.For general purpose , I still stick to the cheap brown generic tape , but will absolutely keep a few rolls on this on hand as needed .
 This Scotch product is perfect for sealing packages . It is very strong and sticks very well . I have used it to seal packages for mailing and items I 've boxed up at home . Being clear is a great advantage . I use it to waterproof address labels on packages by covering the label with the tape . Not only does this waterproof the label , but it guarantees the label will not fall off . Highly recommended product .
 The Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape 3850-6 is strong , resistant to tearing , and definitely heavy duty . It does n't stick to your fingers , but it stays stuck on cardboard and any other smoother surfaces . Just one wrap around a shipping box should hold it . Any attempt to remove the tape will rip off the top thin layer of the cardboard . Now that 's strong . And it 's clear . The tape also cuts easy and does n't roll-up into itself . Highly Recommended .
 I ship a fair amount of packages , and go through a lot of packaging tape . I have in the past bought cheap packaging tape that costs about 1/2 the price of Scotch Super Strength Tape . In the end I did n't really save anything since I was using 2 to 3 times as much of it to secure a package . With the cheap/lightweight tape , I 'd have to go around the box 2 or 3 times to make sure it was sealed . With Scotch Super Strength , 1 time is enough . The bottom line is , while the tape is n't cheap , I 'm using much less of it . It is actually saving me some money , and I do n't have to buy tape as often .
 I have used pretty much every tape out there -LRB- but I admit I usually buy what is on sale -RRB- . So I was drawn to this product 's `` Heavy Duty '' and `` 20X Stronger '' labels . I do find it exceptionally thick and well-behaved in that it goes where I want it to and does not move around nor wrinkle very much.But this tape simply does not seem all that strongly adhesive to me . In fact , I am able to tear it off from a cardboard box quite easily with practically none of the cardboard lint coming off on the tape.In general , I look for the best adhesion at a fair price . This is OK adhesion at a not-OK price . Hopefully 3M can adjust its pricing in the future , in which case , I would certainly buy more of this particular tape .
 This tape is excellent , but I dare I say it is almost TOO sticky . If it folds over on itself , forget trying to separate it ... it holds fast . If you are taping a cardboard box or bubble mailer , this stuff fits the bill . It does gunk up the scissors a bit , but Goo Gone takes care of that .
 This Scotch / 3M packing tape should work just fine for general use . One thing I 'd like to note is that some inexpensive packing tape is so thin that it is difficult to work with -LRB- it 's always getting stuck to itself or whatever -RRB- . This Scotch / 3M tape is nice and thick so it is very easy to cut and use without the problems that come with thin inexpensive packing tape.Good stuff , I would certainly buy it over some of the less expensive stuff I have used in the past . -LRB- Note that this is apparently the same tape sold asScotch Sure Start Shipping Packaging Tape with Dispenser , 1.88 Inches x 38.2 Yards , 1 Roll with Dispenser -LRB- 3450S-RD -RRB- that I reviewed earlier this year . -RRB-
 Great heavy duty tape for taping boxes . Sticks well and holds even heavy loaded boxes . I would recommend this brand for both mailing and for moving boxes .
 Using clear packing tape is often aggravating . If you do n't use a dispenser , or the end falls off the cutting blade and re-adheres itself to the roll , finding the start of the tape can be difficult . When the end is found , trying to pull it up can cause it to split and tear , wasting both time and tape as one turns the roll with the fragmented strip trying to get back to a whole piece . These problems are non-existent with this thick tape . The end of the roll is easy to see , and I tried everything to get the tape to split or tear and could n't do it . It is simply too thick and sturdy.Second concern involves heavy packages . In the past I regularly shipped one-of-a-kind items and I relied on heavy duty tape . I quickly learned that just ensuring the item was properly surrounded by sufficient packing material was no guarantee that it would arrive safely . Major shipping companies usually do n't segregate packages that meet their acceptable weight range , so at any point in the process a heavy package may encounter a lightweight one . When that happens , less secure tape may lift up off the box , breaking the seal.We 've all received packages where it is clearly a miracle the contents are still there because the box is essentially wide open . The packages I send are packed with that in mind - an unpredictable environment where anything can happen.The price of this tape is a wise investment when comparing the cost of losing the contents of a package versus sending it off with confidence . Additionally , the thickness of the tape makes it much easier to use . I highly recommend this packing tape .
 Rarely a week goes by that I 'm not using packing tape . Christmas , birthday shipments , even arts & crafts -- It 's an indispensable item in my household . Scotch has produced a premium product in their Super Strength packing tape . Even as you peel the tape off the roll , you can feel that it 's thicker and stronger than standard packing tape . And my HUGE pet peeve of tape splitting/tearing while unrolling is nonexistent with this . It 's strong enough for your toughest shipments , and it 's strong enough to withstand coming off the roll in one piece ! LOVE IT!My only concern with Scotch 's product is the price . It 's significantly more expensive than just about anything I 've seen out there . But if you 're serious about your packing tape and have the money to spend , this is a product for you.Happy packing !
 20x stronger does n't mean how much force it takes to make the plastic of the tape rip apart . Instead this is about the adhesive holding power . . how strong does the adhesive hold the tape onto the box when it is pulled in a shear direction -LRB- not straight up , but sideways -RRB- . That 's how the box might loosen up if the tape had poor shear strength . I 've been using this tape for a couple years now and I 've been happy with it 's secure bond . When it comes to tape it never hurts to over-engineer a little bit so you can use less tape and so the box contents wo n't spill out when shipping reall heavy items .
 I used over a dozen rolls for my recent move for taping boxes , and the packaging tape did what it was supposed to securely . I did not experience a lack of &#34; stickiness &#34; that many other reviewers are complaining about . Perhaps there was a large , bad batch ? I will not hesitate to buy more for my next move or for shipping out packages .
 The only thing stickier is duct tape , except when you let this stuff tangle before attaching it to your package : -RRB-
 This take is super strong . My co-worker actually ripped a piece of his lip off biting the tape off instead of cutting it !
 This tape is well worth the price . It is nice and heavy , and does not easy get stuck on the roller like the thinner tape does .
 I ship out a few boxes at least every month and sometimes much more and like to make sure they are secure with good tape . I 've tried no name brand tapes but they tear and do n't stick as they should so I now will only use Scotch . This is a good price for 6 rolls .
 This tape is great and everything it says it is , if you need a packed secured this is the tape you need , I ship large item over seas and have never had a problem with the tape failing.I would have gave it a five star rating but the price is a bit steap
 You definitely have to pay more for this but you actually end up using less to get your packages securely tape down with ripping or wrinkling . Been using it for years , will never switch .
 Does the job . easy to cut and seal . minimizes dirty looks from postal workers . what more could i ask of a packing tape ?
 I order about one roll per week.It works great for shipping.Pretty good tape .
 I used this tape as soon as I purchased it , and it has held up extremely well . I would definitely purchase it again if needed .
 Hard to beat for the price . It 's a little thinner than other tapes , and it is n't super sticky , but it does close and secure packages . It 's also transparent , which is nice if you want to use it to put a label on your package and you want the post office to know where your package is going .
 Tape is tape and it held the boxes together ; no mishaps ; and the price was n't too bad so I 'm happy with the product
 This is an economy grade clear packing tape of medium thickness . It is not so thin that it easily splits and tears when you are unrolling it , and it is not as thick as some of the heavier duty , more expensive tapes . It is quite suitable for general uses , like packing , strapping , and mailing , where the tape will not be subjected to excessive stress . The amount of adhesive is adequate , but perhaps slightly on the light side.Tartan is a division of 3M , a corporation who have been around for ages , manufacturing all kinds of plastic products . This tape is supposedly made in the USA , and is 1.88 inches -LRB- 48mm -RRB- wide , and 54.6 yards -LRB- 50 meters -RRB- in length . There are many similar products available that can do the same job , so the main selling point probably comes down to price . At $ 2.00 or less , you are probably getting a fair deal . Check your local store for a more competitive price .
 Good value for cheap , but perfectly good packing tape . I was looking for bargain tape refills to go with my new tape gun , and this did the trick .
 What can i really say ? It sticks well ? Its tape its what it does , but lets be honest some tapes out there just dont hold cardboard together too well , this one does it well . Will keep using it in the future .
 I was after brown paper-backed tape for shipping Registered Mail packages -LRB- post office needs to stamp the tape and plastic-backed tape wo n't allow the ink to dry -RRB- . Hoped this was it . It is n't . It 's just brown-colored packaging tape.Works fine for what it is , but is n't a good price when you can buy this kind of tape is bulk quantities .
 This pen is absolutely gorgeous . One of our corporate staff members made a decision to move back to the state where his family lived , to go into business with his brother . He was a truly great friend to everyone in our office , and we wanted to give him something very special that would remind him of his time with our company . In the type of business he will now be working , he will be ` signing deals ' , hopefully on a very regular basis , and many of those deals will be with extremely wealthy and influential persons , and this pen will be the perfect instrument for just that purpose . Anyone who has someone ` special ' in their lives that might be a bit difficult to buy for would certainly not go wrong in purchasing this pen as a gift ! It would also be the perfect pen for someone to buy for themselves as a special treat . Very classy in styling , not to mention beautiful and functional .
 I think this is a good oportunity to get the finest tool for writing in the world . I consider the starwalker ballpoint is the best .
 I bought this pen as a gift for my husband and to replace his old one . This pen is gorgeous , the craftsmanship , the design ... impeccable ! By the way , I just got it and took a peek before wrapping it , I am very please with it and I am sure that he will be happy with it too . The service is excellent and the product is authentic , I know because I own a montblanc myself . Very satisfied customer !
 Love this works beautiful . Makes a great gift . Feels great on the hand . Got this pen as a replace for the same one I lost . Highly recommend .
 This paper is about identical to the 4x6 version in every way but size . Prints from my PhotoSmart Pro B9180 are outstanding , sometimes you just need a big print for extra wow , this is it . The gloss is excelent for giving even more impact , black and white photos look outstanding on this paper .
 Colors come out vibrant with Vivera Inks . My only problem is with the thickness of the paper . For this price , a slightly thicker stock would be better .
 This paper is flimsy but I guess it 's because of the size . I am surprised at how good the pictures come out .
 This paper print well with my hp 8550 . The prints colors are vibrant and it is supposed to last 200 years
 Good quality , decent price , and a hard-to-find size . Nice gloss and great color from my HP printer .
 Not much to say except that I use HP photo papers for my photography artwork and have always loved it . And now that they are making papaers and ink that are a little better and standing up to accidental small specs of water without totally ruining the image even better . These papers are of excellent quality in my opinion .
 I have tried using the HP564 inks on several papers , and this is by far the best paper for this ink . HP said this paper is matched to the ink and they are right . It gives a very high gloss durable finish when printed . The inks dry almost instantly on this paper . It 's a great result overall . I have printed some stunning photos that are framed and happily on display in 13x19 glory ! I can not comment on this paper with any other inks because I have n't tried it .
 I ordered this paper for a large format ink jet , 13X19 inches . It was shipped promptly and produced beautiful prints of high resolution and saturated colors .
 I 've owned an HP Photosmart Pro B9180 for the past three years and all I strictly use it for photo pringing . HP 's Advanced Photo Paper is the perfect match for this printer . Both the glossy and matt papers produce incredible results , and so far I have n't experienced any fading . The colors are vibrant and clear . I highly recommend this paper for anyone using an HP printer that has the capability of using their Advanced Photo paper .
 I love these I just wish I could find them cheaper . They came quickly . The box was slightly damaged but the paper was fine inside
 This phone is a great idea from Siemens . For those who do not need the extra features of the other Siemens cordless phones but want the same essential 2.4 GHz range & technology this phone is awsome . The first phone I received was defective . I received a very prompt exchange for a new phone ... at the recommendation of Siemens helpful tech support . The service after the sale is there if you need it . If you can live without built in caller-ID & LCD display , answering machine , 500 extra buttons and the need to add extra handsets to the same base buy this phone . I was pleased to learn Siemens builds this phone in the United States . Wonderful minimalist phone with solid technology .
 We 've had this phone in black for more than a year . I chose it for its slim design . It 's comfortable , sleek , has a nice ring , and reception has been reliable and clear both inside and outside the house . Not only would I recommend it , but I would purchase another siemens phone .
 If you know what you are doing , this is a FANTASTIC product . If you do n't have the time to read its manual , then , do n't buy this !
 This paper works wonderfully in my printer -LRB- a Canon I860 -RRB- . This is no wrinkly lightweight paper that feels cheap to the touch . The ink on the printed page looks crisp and even on this smooth , heavyweight paper . Gives a very professional appearance . I 'll probably buy this paper again from Amazon rather than trudge down to Office *** or Staples to buy the bargain stuff .
 Fits the Epson Stylus Pro 4800 perfectly . There 's a nice amount of storage space for paper , inks , manuals , etc. . It rolls easily , which is pretty amazing , considering the weight of the printer and the cart . I roll it from ceramic tile to carpet and back with no problem . I found it to be a very good investment to protect my printer .
 Okay , folding table from Office Depot or this sweet rolling printer stand ? If you are like me and money is an issue , this was a hard choice to make . After all , it 's a printer stand ! That said , this is one nice stand . It came on a pallet and is heavy . From the pictures , it looks like it is entirely made of plastic . Its not . The stand is made of heavy duty metal with a custom plastic enclosure . There is plenty of storage space and it fits nicely anywhere in the room . The wheels are plastic and could be upgraded , but no big deal . It 's was definitely worth the cost . I like products that last and make my life easier . This stand does both .
 If you are thinking about getting the case / stand - DO IT!It makes a wonderful addition to any office.It makes keeping the paper neat and organize , a snap.The first one that came , was damaged . After calling them , and letting them know , they shipped one out that day -LRB- they did n't even wait to get the other one back -RRB- This was a good thing , as we had just changed our office around to accomadate this stand , and the office was a bit of a mess until the new one came in - 2 days later.Good folks , great stand .
 This is my 2nd WowPad , the first one being a generic one -LRB- no design -RRB- I found at an office supply store . This one is similar except it has the UCLA bruin and is square instead of circular . What I like about this pad is that it is very thin -LRB- less than 1/32 '' thick -RRB- so it is much more unobtrusive than a normal mouse pad . It is made of some sort of plastic that grips my glass table very nicely on the bottom , and is slightly textured so it gives a good `` grip '' when using my optical mouse . Overall , I think it 's the perfect mouse pad . One negative note
 Product as described . I did n't know the red would fit our time clocks . Now the date/tme stamp is so much easier to read than before . Easy install and a perfect fit .
 Having been a user of Cross writing implements for a number of years I had no doubt this pen would live up to my expectations . And it did .
 I ordered two of these pens to replace the original pens . They are great , write very well and look sharp on the desk.Cross makes an exceptionally good line of both fountain and ball-point pens.T Wray
 The smoothness was not quite as good as expected considering the reputation of this brand . The style is very much what I enjoy using at my desk .
 Through no fault of the vendor , the Cross Pen did not fit my holder , and for the first time I had to make a return . The return was simple , I spoke to the supplier and they sent sources of Parker Pens which may solve the problem.Great job , very responsible!DYC
 I know it 's weird to be reviewing some highlighters , but here I go . These highlighters are among my most used items I own . The quality of the highlighter is excellent , neither too dark or too light . It is generally not visible through pages unless you let the pen sit for a long time on the page . It goes on smoothly . But I would not write a review of a highlighter if all it was was a good highlighter . What these things have going for them is that they have the Post-It tabs built in -LRB- and refills come with -RRB- . So as you highlight and take notes , you can easily flag that page for followup later on.When I read , I highlight on and write all over my pages and oftentimes I think , `` When I finish reading , I want to write about what I just read , '' or , `` I want to copy down that quote . '' Now I can easily flag that page and come back to it when I 'm done . No more dog-eared pages.I work as a Realtor as well and I often go out into the field with a client with a binder filled with 200 + listings . As we sit down , we highlight important information and note what properties we want to go see . So rather than flipping through the binder to find the properties we marked or rather than taking the pages out of the binder , we can simply flag them . That way , the binder stays intact and organized.It 's odd but true , One of my most useful and efficiency-promoting pieces of property is so simple and so inexpensive .
 I love this idea . It 's so practical and confortable to use . I take it everywhere in my pocket . Since it is a 2in1 product you highlight and flag pages easily and in a fashionable way . People always ask me togive them one .
 I had purchased the Post It Flag Highlighter after seeing it featured on an Oprah . Instantly , it was a favorite , not only for reading , but also for bill paying and going through my cookbooks . After a month of normal use , the highlighter portion dried out though , long before I ran out of flags . I emailed 3M on their website , not specifically asking for anything , just telling them that I was disappointed that the highlighter had expired so quickly . They immediately replied and sent me a free replacement , asking that I return the defective highlighter using their pre-paid postage so that they could look the highlighter over in their lab . I was really impressed , not only with the ingenuity of the product , but also with 3M 's customer service and their desire to improve their product .
 If you edit documents , or read or study texts and need to highlight passages , the need for this pen will be obvious . Before I bought this , I had plenty of little post-its , but they would either get lost in the desk drawer , or worse , lost on the top of the desk while I was reading . I could never find the darn things . Now I always know where they are.I also use this pen to browse catalogs . It really cuts down on the clutter of catalogs I 've looked through , but ca n't quite throw away because I ca n't remember whether I wanted to order something ...
 This little highlighter , thePost-it Flag Highlighter , is the neatest little accessory for any book . The little flags are out of the this world . I usually buy them separately , but when I purchased Eckert Tolle ` sA New Earth
 The pens are wonderful . I have been using them while reading `` A New Earth '' it is so helpful to go so certain passages . I normally use the flags when the entire page is profound . I love the pens and do n't know how I ever made it without them .
 first time I ever bought this type of device . Very convenient for marking up and posting a book . I usually do n't mark in books , so it was hard for me to do it , but this makes it very easy .
 The product is compact and handy , reading and studying is easier with this tool , colors are vivid .
 By far , this is the best product by far that 3M has come up with . I think that if they could come up with the refills along with this product , it would be awesome !
 The highlighters are very helpful and the post-it 's are great for marking the pages you want to review . I enjoy using them .
 The Highlighter is great , and the ink does not leak . Has a very comfortable grip , and the flags are an extra bonus .
 I love the highlighters with the built in tabs . The only problem I have is people trying to walk off with them .
 It may seem unnecessary to combine two very useful tools together into one pen , but it improves and makes it easier to do certain tasks.Some thoughts : - This pen is especially useful when I read . It 's difficult to remember a lot of information , so having a pen , post it , and highlight is quite a luxury that makes life easier . - Design is executed quite well . I like the design and it 's very comfortable . It feels smooth and never awkard.If you decide to try this Post-it flag highlighter , this tool will improve you life and make reading , organizing , and other tasks so much easier .
 These are AWESOME highlighters ! Very smooth ; soft tip . They also lay down a lot of color ! The Post-it flags are just icing on the cake ! : - -RRB-
 I love this product . I use it with my Bible for Bible study . I used it in some of my study book to mark passages I want to remember . I gave one to my high schooler grandson to use the flags with his studies .
 I love this because it minimizes the amount of things I have to keep around me when reading -- and also minimizes what I have to lug around if i am reading in other places . I found that highlighting alone does n't help me much -- because it takes too much time to go back and see where I highlighted . by tabbing the spots also , i can turn right to them.Post it also has a pen with flags that I like a little better than this -- thus the 4 stars instead of 5
 I ordered thirty of these items as a Christmas gift for the thirty members of my book group . They all seemed delighted to get it . Unfortunately , I did n't order one for myself !! So I will be ordering more because I think they are a great product .
 Great novel idea , no more looking for a little sticky -- its right there attached to the highlighter
 Just as I expected as I had previously owned a single Post-it highlighter pen with flags . This one had three different colors and is very handy and easy to use .
 The Highlighter Pens with Post-It Flags is an excellent product , especially useful for reading and study .
 Oh , how I wish I would have thought of this . A wonderful time saver . Having the flags right there makes finding `` quotes '' , important passages , etc. , so much easier .
 I love highlighters and I love post-it flags . This puts both into my hands in one product .
 It is thin like the previous reviewer said , but I prefer it to the big , bulky pads . It feels comfortable to rest your wrist on and I 've never had any problems with the mouse with it.The logo and coloring on it is very nice as well . A decent product for a couple bucks ! Overall a great buy !
 Great product . Works like a mouse pad and works well . But be aware this is about as thick as a typical manila folder . It is designed this way so that you can lay it on your laptop keyboard and close the lid . I think it is a great idea and love mine . Only a word of warning to those of you that are looking to use this on something other than a hard surface .
 June 2009 addition - the unit completely failed and is being tossed into trash - it lasted less than a year . My previous headline , from 11 months ago , was `` 1 out of 2 worked perfectly ... then the 2nd failed also '' Now the 3rd also failedI needed an extra 2-line phone for my desk - something simple but solid , not flimsy . I selected this model based on amazon reviews . The installation was easy , but a few days later a persistent noise appeared on Line 2 . A few days after that , Line 1 became very staticky also . The speakerphone feature worked flawlessly throughout , for both lines . I contacted amazon and 2 days later received a brand-new phone in exchange , which was fine , and sent the old one back . So far so good!PS - after a couple of months the second line -LRB- on the second phone -RRB- grew noisy and static-y . I can use it in a pinch , but it is hard to hear . After 2 failed phones my conclusion - this does NOT work as a 2-line phone . I wish I could downgrade to 2 stars , but amazon does not allow changing stars . 12/2008
 Phone works just like it should . Nice heft to the handset-I hate a handset that 's too lightweight-feels ` cheap ' . Works well on speaker . Volume is good on both ends of the line . Nice , inexpensive phone for the home office .
 the 2 line phone system works good . I have seperate lines going into 1 phone.The speaker phone , not so great .
 This phone is loaded with features and works extremely well for the price . I use it in my home office and allows me to better handle calls , know when someone is on one of the lines , be able to see who is calling , switch easily between handset , speaker and headset -LRB- and I love the feature which allows using a headset -- very unusual for this type of phone -RRB- . Definitely worth the price .
 I am software regional manager , so I need constantly to do presentations and this product is great . I have bought this one in March 2007 and its functionality fully filled my expectations . I gave four stars to this product , and not five , because the price can be better . However , I recommend it .
 We bought this phone to replace an older , non CID phone and are very pleased with this product . We use it as a wall mount in our kitchen and it fits well with the decor.Functionality is good and it performs very well although the speaking part sounds like a robot and is sometimes hard to understand because the words are phonetically spoken and some names are just hard to pronounce.Some people might not like this but we just laugh when it misses a name , not a big deal to us . One thing that has surprised us is how many people are `` private callers '' . Apparently lots of our friends enjoy their anonymity . It says `` private caller '' and `` out of area '' -LRB- non-CID -RRB- very well.Speaker phone is a little low even with volume all the way up , although the only time I tried it was during a party , maybe the noise drowned it out.All in all would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a similar product .
 Really like the talking caller ID , but you can not turn off the talking part , you can turn off the ringer at night , but it will still announce who is calling . The talking part is cool , if I am not near the phone I can just listen to who is calling and whether or not I want to run and answer the call or not . You can also add numbers and names to phone book and the talking caller ID will then use the name you have in phone book . So all in all I am very pleased with the phone , we just unplug it at night so it will not wake us .
 this is a good phone but it does not say the number . it only says whatever name pops up
 The mouse pad is very thin and does not get in the way or slide around .
 The mousepad serves its purpose . The art print on it is nice . If the surface it sits on is n't perfectly clean , it moves around , but that is n't a hard thing to overcome . For the price , you ca n't beat it . I mean , its just a mousepad .
 This was great fun!I sent it to a friend to remind him to behave or the alligators would get him.Is this a sports team or something?Nice picture of an alligator .
 This mouse pad is what i was looking for its great i thought i was getting one but I got 2 in the package great deal .
 I am so use to having a wrist pad , I ca n't use mouse any extended periods of time without it . This one is pretty decent , good support and affordable price . It is a dark midnight blue
 Good price , functionally perfect . The picture shows a nice purple color , but actually I received an even nicer blue color.Only thing is the already harped-upon industrial smell when it comes out of the package . It has gone away after a couple weeks , and works great , cushions my wrist like an angel 's bosom.Just buy it , use it , and then when you 're not using it , put it near a window or outside to encourage the smell to go away.I would tell Belkin to let their products sit for a while before shipping out , and also to make the packaging easier to open . It is that cursed , tough-mother plastic , anti-theft packaging that has the edges glued together and no legitimate way of opening except for Edward Scissorhands .
 I love this mouse pad . I 've discovered I need the gel pad to help my wrists from getting strained . This mouse pad works great . Looks great also . Very fast service . I will do business again .
 I bought this mouse pad for my wife as she needed a pad with support , yet soft . The Belkin Wave Rest Gel Mouse Pad fits the bill . I would reccomend this item to anyone wanting a quality product at reasonable price.SFR
 I really like this new mouse pad . I like the shape -LRB- that is flared at the opposite end -RRB- for freer movement of the mouse . It fits my wrist just right -- plus I love the bright blue color . Dresses up my computer desk and matches my mouse .
 I like this pad . I 've had it for a month or so and the dimensions are perfect for my hand and relieves the strain . I would recommended this item .
 I bought this mouse pad since I use Belkin products and find them in very high quality . This mouse pad is neither so soft nor so hard , and its wrist-gel area is wide enough . I bought it for my business computer , and I will buy one more for my home computer.If you use your computer for long times , I strongly recommend this item for your wrist health .
 Got this mouse pad exactly on time and in perfect shape , exactly as advertised . Would buy from this crew again in a heartbeat . Thanks , guys !
 This was the best mouse pad . It helps my wrist alot . Its the bomb . Love it and I 'll tell my friends about it . Thank you
 I have to say this mouse pad has far exceeded anything I hoped for . When I first opened the box it was shipped in I was very put off . There was a Very , Very strong chemical smell . I chalked it up to something in the packaging material . It turns out that was not where the smell was coming from . It was the mouse pad itself . Having worked in a shoe factory years ago I was able to identify the smell as an industrial glue . The smell hung around for a couple of days . Now , 1 week after having received my purchase if I put my nose close to the pad , it still carries the faint smell of industrial glue . I would caution those with allergies and/or asthma to consider this prior to purchase . As an asthmatic I can say it did affect my breathing some what . That seems to have gotten better as the smelled has lessened . I have finished with my public health warning . On to the mouse pad.It is simply the best mouse pad I have ever used . I have had wrist problems for over 4 years now . I have had swelling and pain from my right pinkie finger to my elbow as a result of console gaming and lots of keyboarding work . In the past week my swelling has greatly reduced . My pain is almost gone . My wrist sits perfectly on the wrist rest . The pad actually cradles my wrist . The wrist rest moves with my hand , so well and with so much support , it seems to be an extension of my body . A new improved appendage . I have found myself resting my wrist on the pad even while not computing but just sitting at my desk . It truly is that comfortable . I already have plans to purchase two more for friends as Christmas gifts . Worth Every Cent ! Go For It ! You Will Not Be Disappointed !
 I have been using this pad for the past several days and ca n't believe how long I ` be been using a computer without one . Now my hand fits perfectly on top of my mouse without any strain . For $ 12.99 and free shipping , it was a better deal than going out to the store to pick it up and pay tax . Good stuff .
 I bought this mouse/wrist pad anticipating it to be like every other one I have every owned . Well , I was certainly all wrong about that . The mouse pad portion can be used with any type of mouse , unlike some other models that work on the older technology that is not compatible with laser mouse technology . The wrist rest portion is one of the most comfortable adn best working ones I have used thus far . While this one runs a little high in price compared to the other varieties , it is certainly a worthwhile buy - one that I will not regret . *** Bottom Line
 I started having periods of numbness in my right wrist as a result of computer use . It was easy to figure out that the wooden wrist support on my desk was digging into my wrist and probably reducing blood flow and pinching the nerves in that area . After receiving my Belkin Gel Mouse Pad , the numbness is completely gone and never comes back . It is a pleasure to use and is very comfortable . I should have gotten one a long time ago . The only reason that it did n't get a five star rating was that I thought the gel cushion could have been slightly more firm .
 The BLU WaveRest Gel mouse pad is very comfortable and keeps my wrist in an ergonomically correct position so as not to get carpal tunnel syndrome . The mouse pad is wide enough for use and the pad part is very spongy and soft , but not too much . I really like it and would highly recommend it .
 This is by far the best wristrest/mousepad combination ever . I bought a more expensive Fellowes model a year ago , and its been chronic wrist pain ever since I began to use it , I thought it was something else , but when I switched back to this Belkin one , its been smooth sailing ever since . I have to admit its well worth the money , and it is really good .
 This mouse pad is great.Having had a carpal tunnel operation in the past I needed something that would help . This mouse pad does the trick . Hightly reccommended .
 I use a mouse all day at work and after a while a few years of this my wrist starting aching so much I almost could n't even use a mouse anymore . So after searching online I found and ordered this mouse pad . The results were drastic - the pain is almost all gone thanks to using this mouse pad .
 I 'm glad some reviewers have commented that the wrist pad has lead , and should n't be used by those with lead allergies or little children who might eat it.I 'm really happy with this wrist/mouse pad . I spend a lot of time on the computers at home and at work . I had a frozen right shoulder from not having good wrist support and from working with the mouse in the wrong position . I was in screaming pain about about a year . This mousepad helped by providing good wrist support which lowered the stress on my shoulder . I wore out the first Belkin gel pad , and am now on my second.The gel pad is covered with a nice low friction material , is wide enough so that your wrist is n't stuck in one position , and is neither too hard nor too soft for comfort . The part of the mouse pad where the mouse runs wild and free is also covered with the same low friction silky material so the mouse can be moved easily . It is also cut wider at the top so that the mouse has more room to move , while your arm does n't have to move as much.September 2005 -- About a year and a half after I bought my second one , the second got as dirty as six week old bed sheets , the mouse would n't slide over it easily , and the wrist pad got almost sticky . I just bought a thrid one.When this mouse pad wears out , I 'll probably buy another of the same . Until they come up with direct mental control over the cursor , this works just fine.OK . August 2007 -- I spilled Diet Pepsi on it and bought another one . I like this mouse pad !
 I am at the computer a horrid number of hours every day , 7 days a week . I had surgery twice on my wrist -LRB- not computer related -RRB- and I HAVE to have a good support . I tried several others wrist supports , and no matter which style or brand , I ended up with the wrist stiff , aching and over time this began to curtail my time at the computer . Well , I am a writer and this is not acceptable . Since getting this pad , those wrist problems have gone . It is so cool and comforting , that I can work without any pains and stiffness later.I really loved this and the ease from pain it give me .
 OK folks , it 's time to use a little common sense when you say something . To complain about lead without know the facts is idiotic . According to Belkin 's Material Safety Data Sheet for these mouse pads , lead content is less than 0.03 % lead . That means it could be -LRB- and most likely is -RRB- less than that . Lead is an element that appears in MANY items naturally , including food and drinking water ! To review something poorly like this reveals how stupid you really are . Do some research and calculate how much lead you ingest yearly through breathing and ingestion before you make ridiculous claims .
 I 'm glad some reviewers have commented that the wrist pad has lead , and should n't be used by those with lead allergies or little children who might eat it.I 'm really happy with this wrist/mouse pad . I spend a lot of time on the computers at home and at work . I had a frozen right shoulder from not having good wrist support and from working with the mouse in the wrong position . I was in screaming pain about about a year . This mousepad helped by providing good wrist support which lowered the stress on my shoulder . I wore out the first Belkin gel pad , and am now on my second.The gel pad is covered with a nice low friction material , is wide enough so that your wrist is n't stuck in one position , and is neither too hard nor too soft for comfort . The part of the mouse pad where the mouse runs wild and free is also covered with the same low friction silky material so the mouse can be moved easily . It is also cut wider at the top so that the mouse has more room to move , while your arm does n't have to move as much.September 2005 -- About a year and a half after I bought my second one , the second got as dirty as six week old bed sheets , the mouse would n't slide over it easily , and the wrist pad got almost sticky . I just bought a thrid one.When this mouse pad wears out , I 'll probably buy another of the same . Until they come up with direct mental control over the cursor , this works just fine.OK . August 2007 -- I spilled Diet Pepsi on it and bought another one . I like this mouse pad !
 I 'm sorry for the horrible subject lining ... but yes , I just bought this mousepad minutes ago , and am trying it as we speak . I 've always been into mousepads ... whether for their design , easiness to use , and of course accuracy and comfort . I 've always wanted a gel-mousepad but have n't gotten around to getting one . I recently saw the IConcepts Large Mousepad -LRB- the dark blue circular one with a fairly small and oversized wrist rest -RRB- . Anyways , that was my initial choice b/c of the price -LRB- $ 6.99 -RRB- , but it was basically rigid . So naturally I began looking at the other brands on display ... and saw this exact same Belkin product ... in color black . Soft enough , decent price -LRB- $ 9.99 -RRB- and the wrist rest was large/wide enough to support the ENTIRE wrist -LRB- god help those who actually move their mouse throughout the ENTIRE pad , right , just like the rest of us -RRB- , anyways , I went down and saw the color in silver , and got it for the same price.Coming home , I set it on my desk ... and now I 'm addicted . I can imagine how this is going to spoil me b/c all other mousepads -LRB- not having the wrist rest -RRB- are going to seem very very ... mundane . I do recommend this product , and hey ... it gives excellent wrist support ... go for it .
 I have had this pad for over a year now and I just couldnt go without it . When I was on the computer alot my hand would start to hurt , but with the gel pad I no longer have any pain . It is very soft and supports my wrist very well . Overall this is a great mouse pad with great wrist support .
 Before purchasing this mousepad , I 'd been planning to kill myself . One night in a drunken stupor , despite the physical anguish of using my already swollen wrist on my mouse hand , I surfed Amazon.com . With a gun in my left and a mouse in my right , I nearly ended it all that night . Not a moment too late , with my last mouse click , I saw the Belkin F8E262cSLV WaveRest Gel Mouse Pad . It 's silver sheen beaconing me as if it were an angel itself , guiding me back to sanity . I quickly completed my purchase and waited eagerly . Could the WaveRest save me from this pain ? Could something so simple prevent that final contemplation of a hot bit of lead ? Tuesday it arrived . That night , I made love to my wife for the first time in seven months.Saturday I played with my children at the park and by the following Tuesday , the pain in my wrist was gone ! I now understand why they call it the WaveRest . It could go by no other name . A wave of rest has enveloped my soul and eventually , won my heart . -- Great mousepad . Very comfortable . No complaints . May win your heart .
 I bought this for my home office . The material/fabric is surprisingly soft and nice to the touch . The gel wrist pad is n't as hard or gel-like as I expected ; I think there 's some sort of padding covering the gel ? In any case , it makes a very nice support . I like the shape of the wrist support a lot , how it 's flat on top . I 've only been using this a couple of days , but it 's a huge improvement over the cheap plastic wrist support I was using before.Highly recommended for those on a budget who need a more ergonomic mouse pad .
 Belkin F8E262cSLV WaveRest Gel Mouse Pad -LRB- Silver -RRB- The pad has held up very well to heavy use . It has not flattened out at all . If it gets dirty , just pop it in the washer and it 's perfect again ! Love it !!
 Nice for $ 8.95 , the high part dips down slightly in the center so its nicer and more comfortable than I thought .
 For the wrist-gel and mousepad combo , this was the best priced item and it really helps to relieve wrist strain while using the computer for long periods of time . Ca n't ask for much else .
 This is a good mouse pad with ultimate comfort & quality ! It does have a new smell to it but its not that bad . Well worth the price .
 Read reviews of these and used one at my job and its so nice on the hand and wrist . Also have one in black . Looks much better than the raw gel pads and its held up for years . Optical mice work great on surface .
 Along with its cohort Belkin Wave Rest Gel wrist rest , this mouse pad is an absolute necessity , it makes everything you do with your mouse more comfortable !
 I bought the Belkin mouse pad to relieve stress on my wrist since I work from home part-time . Since getting it , my hand has not hurt nearly as much . Simple as that - it works ! Worth the price .
 I love it ! Is small and very comfortable on the wrist area because of the shape of the pad . Color is nice and fabric is very soft . I will recommend .
 This product does what it 's supposed to do . I replaced an older Belkin mouse pad that had split open , and I 'm very pleased with this one . It stays in place very well and is comfortable .
 I love this mouse pad ! It really is very comfy and does the job . It wears well . I will continue to purchase when this one finally wears out .
 This mouse pad is smooth to the touch.I would have made it a rectangle instead of the irregular shape , but ... What can I say ? It 's smooth to the touch !
 I use a computer constantly during my work day . I picked this up in an attempt to prevent a recurrence of an old wrist condition . So far so good .
 Comfortable , and smooth , nice and clean , the gel pad is heaven on my wrist . not very wide , nice and tall . Fits great on my desk , would fit even better on a desk that is rather narrow or a corner unit .
 This is an awesome gel pad . I always `` knew '' that optical could work without a pad but this pad is great . I replaced a home fashioned wrist pad with this and I could immediately tell the difference.The gel feels great and actually cushions your hand while you use the mouse on the pad . The pad is n't incredibly small , nor large , but it is `` perfect '' if you know how to use a mouse without moving it all over the place .
 I bought one of these three years ago . It is EXACT , except it says `` Staples '' instead of `` Belkin '' . It solved a lot of my wrist problems I was having at the time . My three year old one is still in good shape functionality wise , but not so much appearance wise . Since my home looks like a model , I want everything in it looking good too , so I bought a couple of more of these from Amazon since the price was good.Those reviewers complaining of a strong odor have a legitimate complaint . The package they come in is airtight , so whatever smell occurs in the manufacturing process is `` trapped '' . The smell does linger for at least a week after purchase . The odor is so strong it is even on your skin afterwards , and the health effects of vapors being emitted from a product is something everyone should keep in mind . BUT ... I would not let this deter you from buying these pads . The odor mitigates with time , and the mitigation process can be expedited by exposing the pad to direct sunlight . It rarely rains where I live , so I put mine outside in direct sunlight for a few days , then out in the garage for a few days longer , so it would not deteriorate . I do not like chemicals in my house from new things , and I advise people who do n't open windows periodically to do this with most new things , including electronics ... if possible . Even if you do n't smell the vapors they are often there.Regarding mouse tracking , I have no issues . But I have laser mice , and I could use them on a burlap sack without an issue.If you want INSTANT gratification , then I guess do n't buy this product . Otherwise , buy it , open the package up to expose it to air , and let it sit for a while . I like these so much I bought an extra one . I opened it up and am storing it in the garage until I need it . I thought about giving these 4 stars instead of 5 because of the smell ... but this thing REALLY helped my wrist and it did it very inexpensively . I figure if the smell is needed to ensure proper bonding of the backing , then I would rather have the smell .
 The pad was nice for a while until it started irritating my wrist . The material on the pad chafes my skin and irritates the skin around my wrist area . I ended up giving it to my sister and getting a 3M Precise Mousing Surface with leather material wrist rest . Very comfortable and nice , no more irritation ! But do n't get me wrong , this product is good , has great support , and is perfectly sized . Maybe it is just my skin that has a problem with the material of this pad . You be the judge .
 As a graphic designer , I use my mouse A LOT ! My end-of-day wrist pain has totally disappeared with this pad . My only complaint is that the fabric does n't feel the greatest on my ultra sensitive bare skin .
 Before I purchased this item , when I used my computer for any lenghth of time , my hand and wrist would get sore . I saw this online one day and decided to try it . It works ! My hand and wrist do n't get sore no matter how long I stay on here . I even bought my sister one . This Waverest Gel Mouse Pad is really nice and I would recommend it to anyone and the price is good also !
 It is confortable to use but you must have enough space on you table top in order to use it .
 I got this mouse pad because of the other shining reviews about it - and absolutely love it as well ! Not too hard , not too soft , it holds my wrist in the perfect way and I definitely have enough room for motion of the mouse . Did n't notice any smell when it was new . I loved it so much , I got 4 more for the other employees in my office ! I 've used it for 5 months now and am still happy
 ive always had problems with my wrist and after a couple hours on the computer it usually hurts making me switch the mouse from right hand to left hand but after using this mouse pad y have n't done that any more , i can stay as long as i want in the computer and it never hurts me again
 Does what it is supposed to do and feels comfortable . It took a week or so for my wrist to get used to the correct positioning . But now I love it .
 I spend hours on the computer a day and this mouse pad is very comfortable . The silver color goes well with my MacBook Pro and Apple aluminum keyboard .
 Gel pad is very comfortable but restricts movement of mouse.Pad itself works well .
 All around good mousepad and free shipping . What more can you ask for ? I 'm on the computer all day and this makes things a lot more tolerable .
 We have used the Gel Mouse Pads for years and really like them . They are great wrist supports . We 've given several of them as gifts also .
 My motorhome -LRB- Ford E450 chassis -RRB- has a hard vinyl armrest molded into the door . I bought this Belkin product , cut the mousepad away from the wrist rest , and glued the gel cushion to the cab 's built-in armrest using Liquid Nails . What a difference in driving comfort ! An unorthodox use , admittedly , but it was a cheap fix for an annoying problem . -LRB- And I still have a usable mousepad . : - -RRB-
 I had been having a lot of wrist pain from lack of support at the computer and it was creating problems at work and school . My work was not at it 's expected level of outcome because I was cutting back time on the computer from the pain I was experiencing . This product is very helpful , it fits perfectly on my computer desk and does a great job supporting my wrist . The only negative I can suggest for network computers is it conforms to your wrist so you may have to move you wrist around to accomodate the previous users conformation . With that said however , I have suggested my employer purchase these for the office computers because they really help your wrist .
 Belkin WaveRst Gel Mouse Pad is a great mouse pad ; it is comfortable and my mouse track smoothly on it . I would buy the silver colored pad because dust and lint show less but either blue or silver work great , they are the same pads .
 Using it now ; good investment as I use it every day.Husband likes it too . Not the son or daughter .
 Works well as a mouse pad , and the cushion is better than expected . does n't wear out or deform or anything .
 This item is perfect for my needs . Not too small ; not too large ; not too soft ; not too hard . I highly recommend it .
 A nice mouse pad for getting rid of wrist pain . Make sure to store it right or it may take a few days to recover its original shape . The fabric is exactly what you would expect a decent pad to be made of .
 It 's quite comfortable at first , but after a while the gel rest begins to concave and now it 's not as comfy as it used to be ... Had it for about a year now .
 This was the exact mouse pad that I wanted and it 's of great quality . I needed to buy myself a set for work . I could n't find these in any stores and was glad amazon.com sold them . I would highly recommend this product as this is the only mouse pad I like . I love the support pad for your wrist as it is super comfortable .
 Gel cushion is comforable . The fabric keeps it easy to wipe debri off and keep clean . I so wish I got black . I got ink pen marks on it within the first few days .
 Very decent for the price , in my opinion . For a little over $ 6 , I could have done a lot worse . I have n't had any of the problems other reviewers complained about . I have very sensitive skin , but I do n't use it for very long periods of time , I suppose.UPDATE
 Gel pad is not as soft as I had hoped ! After using this for a while , I feel compelled to upgrade my score form a 3 to a 4 .
 Well , if you care about lead included in mouse pad , you should n't be using batteries as well , because batteries also contain harmful materials . You should n't be driving or riding cars , because cars emits electromagnetic waves tens of times more than computers do . You should n't go to school using blackboard , because chalk powder is bad for your lung . Coins and money you 're using contains millions of bacterias and germs . Maybe this thing contains lead . But what about it ? Use your common sense .
 i 've had absolutely no problems with this keyboard . it is durable -LRB- spilled drinks on it -RRB- and very inexpensive .
 This is a very unusual product and I would strongly encourage anyone considering getting one to be completely aware of what it is before they purchase it . First , if you are looking for a single travel guide to prepare you for your trip to New York -LRB- or anywhere else there is a guide for -RRB- , this is very close to worthless , if not entirely worthless . I would call one 's attention to the title of the product . It is a `` Notebook . '' That means that most of the pages are blank . This literally is a book for taking notes in.So what do you get when you buy this ? Every book in the series follows the same format . First there is a personal information page with address , phone , allergies , family doctor , passport number , then map information with public transportation maps . Then follows information on the various forms of transportation with phone numbers and websites , including cabs , buses , other forms of public transportation , and airports . There are some blank itinerary pages , measurement and speed conversion charts , size conversion charts -LRB- for shoppers -RRB- , then a long series of neighborhood maps , including an index . And that 's it . The final two-thirds of the notebook are blank . The next 20 or so pages are completely blank and unlined for whatever use you want to put them to . Next come several pages intended for writing down names of restaurants , bars , museums , historical sites , hotels , or whatever . The book also comes with unlabeled tabs with stickers to use as desired -LRB- for theaters , concert halls , or whatever you desire -RRB- as well as tracing paper for , as the label says , `` Itineraries or Whatever . '' Finally , there is the usual pocket at the back that is found in all Moleskine products.For some people this is going to be an absolutely useless product . But for many this will be remarkably useful . In fact , I can envision two uses for this notebook . First , those who are planning a trip to one of the places for which Moleskine has produced a book . Let 's say one has consulted the Blue guide , the Eyewitness Guide -LRB- by DK -RRB- , a Rough Guide , the Michelin guide , and the Let 's Go guide . Maybe you 've bought all of these , making for five guides . No way do you want to drag all of these on your trip or more than one on your flight . So what might you do ? You might take the Moleskin Notebook , record into it all the places you want to see , restaurants you want to dine at , museums you want to stroll through , and anything else you want to do while in your destination of choice , and record it there . So the Moleskine City Notebook can serve as a distillation of all the various travel guides , web sites , and other resources you have consulted . And instead of hauling about a large Fodor 's guide , you can carry about this small Notebook that can easily fit into a backpack , purse , should bag , or even pocket.The only downside is that the Moleskine City Notebook is only as good as you make it . If you do a good job of planning your trip , it will be filled to the brim with useful and helpful information . If not , it will be as unhelpful as you have made it.There is a second use to which the City Notebook can be put to use , though it is not one for which it was primarily designed . You could use it for the city in which you live , should you live in one of the cities for which one is made . I live , for instance , in Chicago . I have bought one of these so that I can over time use it to record every bit of helpful information that I might find useful or helpful . I can record what hours the Seminary Co-Op Bookstore -LRB- the real one , not the trade version on 57th Street -RRB- is open . The hours for the Chicago Public Library and the Newberry Library . Phone numbers of restaurants and addresses of bars . And so on and so forth . Granted , these books will only benefit those who live in one of those cities , but for the U.S. New York , Chicago , Boston , Washington D.C. , Seattle , San Francisco , and Los Angeles are pretty populated areas.So this is a very well conceived product though it absolutely has to be stressed that it is a specialized one . Please note
 I purchased one of these at the seller 's website for my home office and I 'm really pleased with it . It 's great looking to say the least - for only $ 99 I was n't expecting much . I get a lot of compliments on it , and it seems pretty durable . I 've had it for a few months now and it does n't show any unexpected signs of wear . It 's comfortable too . The adjustable back pad is handy - I just moved mine to the bottom of the back and it provides the right amount of support where I need it .
 This is a really funny product . Not boring old sticky notes . They come in different sizes and have different pictures on them but still space to write . They make great little gifts for scientists and anyone who likes or thinks he is Albert Einstein .
 This can does what it should for a good price . I am using it to prepare water for Aquariums . It holds 30 gallons of water with no problems .
 Lighter weight than the metal . Will never rust . Easier for the servicemen to empty . They are neater to use and transport to service areas . Four uses per month and greatly appreciated by all .
 I was using the Ampad 22-157 but then I ordered more and found they had moved production to Mexico with the result that the paper changed , becoming shiny and unpleasant to write on . These books are a good replacement , the paper is suitable for rollerball , pencil , ink pens and felt tip with little to no bleed through when writing on the back of a covered page . One area where they improve on Ampad is that the page numbers are printed clear and sharp . I 'd like the wire binding to be heavier gauge and the covers to be heavier and not shiny but the paper is pretty good .
 I work with a group of 45 engineers and it is by far the computation notebook of choice for them . It is also the only one that comes as a spiral , which makes it much easier to use . The bound versions are not sufficiently flexible .
 This is the best computation notebook I have ever used . It is pre-numbered , which is AWESOME . The double spiral bind makes it sturdy and ensures that the wire does n't start coming unwound . The size is also fantastic . It is large enough that you can tape a whole 8.5 X 11 inch piece of computer paper onto one of the pages and still have it neatly contained and not flowing over the edge of the notebook.I 'm kind of a paper junky , so here 's my little rant on the paper quality in this notebook . The paper is niiiice . The kind of paper that your pencil or pen just glides over top of and actually imprints on . None of that glossy stuff . You know what I mean . It is thick and sturdy , and is also tinted a sort of dull yellow-tan . If you use F.lux on your computer , it looks like that tint . This is ideal for lab work , since you will likely be staring at it in a low light environment for a long time . It 's essentially the perfect kind of paper to do computations on or use as a lab notebook . Glorious.Finally , the front is a burnt orange color rather the red you see in the picture here . For me , this is a huge bonus , since it makes the notebook more muted .10 / 10 do recommend .
 The product arrived sooner than expected and the notebooks are in great condition ! These notebooks exactly matched their description and are a perfect book for our lab notes . Thanks !
 I bought this notebook for my Microbiology lab . Not only is it big and has plenty of space to write , I love how it is bound by a ring . I was the only student in my lab to have a notebook that was bound by a ring and it is incredibly convenient and easier to jot down any notes/observations . The lines in the notebook are the perfect shade ; not too dark , not too light . I will continue purchasing this lab notebook for any future labs I must take .
 Sturdy , folds flat , large pages -- best lab notebook I 've tried . ...
 This is a high-quality book , probably great for an engineer or bench scientist . If , like me , you 're an ordinary office drone , you might want to think twice.Don ' t mistake this book for a notebook
 I use this notebook to record my work related notes in an organized way . This book with numbered pages helps me in several ways . I can index my notes and easily find them in the future .
 I Enjoy the spiral binding and numbered pages for personal journal . I have no complaints about the journal for how I am using it .
 I 've used similar notebooks for years in lab . I prefer this one because it has a durable spiral binding .
 This shredder works very well.I would recommend it to anyone that needs a personal shredder but does n't have the space or a lot of money to spend on one . I am very satisfied with this purchase and I know that I will be using it for a very long time . It is the right size that I needed and is easy to use and it does n't take up much storage space which is a plus .
 This product was exactly what I wanted and I am very pleased with this transaction . Thanking you .
 This is a great phone system.Calls can be forwarded from handset to handset . `` local '' calls can be placed from handset to handset.There is a room monitoring mode for listening to baby whilst in another room.Phones can be set their names like `` bedroom '' `` kitchen '' etcThere is reasonnably large selection of rings like `` merry xmas '' . We were really happy with this phone system until my baby daughter dropped one and now the speaker on that one has lots of distortions.The speakerphone mode works very well.The answerphone can be operated from the base or any of the handsets or remotely -LRB- 2 digit security code -RRB- This phone system works well with our wifi home network -LRB- no interference -RRB- There is a headset socket on the handset.Battery life is good . Can stay many days away from charging craddle.bought at costco for about one hundred . Now they have the next version with 4 handsets for the same price.Only limitation is 4 handsets per base . The 5.8 GHz phones have up to 10 handsets per base . Extra handsets sell for about thirty
 Actually I got this to play with the cat . My other one was broken in moving out of state . The cat thinks it is perfect .
 Easy to adjust the size of the laser dot to draw attention to hightlight your point of the presentation .
 I have owned one of these for 3 years now , just a few days ago the seat splintered , I must admit , I do have heavy bones ... I actually bought it in Sam Flax in Manhattan , few minutes after it broke , I had an address in hand where to bring it for repair under 12 years warranty it comes with.Once I brought the chair to one of the Sam Flax stores , they informed me it might take up to a week to get it back.Before I got back home they already called that it was already repaired.I picked it up , not only did they replace the entire seat , they also replaced those infamous bolts that hold the armrests in place once you adjust their height , so far bolts hold , a few days already ... The entire seat is brand new , and it is much different from the original , the front bar is much wider , the mesh is much stronger , the entire construction is made a lot stronger by reinforcements which are not really visible , so from the sides it looks exactly like the original , but when you touch behind and under you can immediately feel huge new ridges of plastic , I am sure with this new structural support the same splintering will never happen again.For those that might have doubts , please ensure Amazon takes care of warranty or there is some other way you can exercise your warranty if needed , because it seems they are not just sitting pretty on this chair , they are improving it as the time goes by.I hope this helps.-ark
 I sat on a slightly smaller -LRB- I 'm guessing the B -RRB- version of this chair at work for years , and wanted one for my home office . I bought the larger C version for my home , and I 'm glad I did . I 'm 6 ' 0 '' 190 and this is the perfect size for me . The seat is wider and comes out further so the lip does n't hit you mid-thigh . The back is also higher and wider . Since the chair is mesh , it 's much more comfortable to sit on than leather on warm days , or for extended periods of time . The material for the meshing is extremely durable . Had I not sat on one for years at work , I probably would not have opted for a chair that 's this expensive . After 5 years of comfortable use , I can tell you it 's worth every penny . On occasion , I spend 16-hour days in this chair with absolutely no fatigue -LRB- not from the chair anyway ! -RRB- .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistent pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 This is a great phone set . Really convenient if you do n't have a phone jack where you need a phone ... All you need is electricity for the two extra handsets . We have one in the garage about 50 ' from the house , and the reception is excellent , both when using the 2-way and when on regular calls .
 I hae had this phoneset for a year now and it has worked ratehr well . good reception around the house and the head set works really well .
 I needed something to store a bunch of large 3-ring binders I have . All the other chests I looked at were not deep enough . These fit the bill , and they are sturdy . I have them stacked 3 high with heavy binders inside .
 Not much to say . They are inexpensive and do exactly what they are supposed to . I would buy them again .
 These plastic sleeve protectors are fine to use like any other one , but they are made of recycled plastic .
 These are made of recycled materials which is a major plus for me . They do the job just fine . They are n't heavy duty by any means , but for my needs they are perfect . They certainly compare to other standard weight ones I have bought in the past .
 By far , the most incredible PDA on the market . This thing is smaller than anything else and syncs well with Outlook . If you do n't need games , e-mail and subway maps on your PDA , but just want a good contacts list , calendar , and tasks list , This is the PDA for you . Only disadvantage is the lack of a backlight . Oh well , I 'll deal ... db
 This little thing does it all ! It has everything you may need to accomplish your daily tasks . I used to have a Casio SF5300E Digital Diary that was fine , but I needed something a little more powerful , but I do n't wanted to carry along a bulky Palm or Handspring . Then I found this microPDA -LRB- it is really small -RRB- and I 'm very happy with it . Along my personal and business data , I can upload to it some e-text books to read while I wait the bus or in a boring meeting . This is perfect because I can upload study materials too to review them in places that is impossible to carry a book along . They are only . txt files ! It has a tiny keyboard to enter data directly onto it -LRB- touch screen technology -RRB- , instead of using a PC . It can be a little slow sometimes , but once you have some practice , you can enter data in a snap.I highly recommend downloading and installing the software update that can be found at Xircom 's web site . It really improves access times and solves synchronizing issues.If you need a really small PDA , this is for you . Hurry before they 're gone , because Intel is not producing them anymore . : - -LRB- One final word
 I 've had a palm pilot , a pocket pc , countless other organizers but the only one that i like the best is the rex 6000 . I have the model before this , when it was manufactured by franklin . This organizer is tiny , holds a ton of info , and is n't filled with pointless features . I do n't like to carry a lot with me , my rex fits right into my business card holder , and into my pocket .
 I HAVE TRAVELED AROUND THE WORLD WITH MY REX 6000 IN MY POCKET . IF I NEED INFORMATION AT THE AIRPORT I CAN GET WHAT I NEED WITHIN SECONDS ON THE REX 6000 . FITS RIGHT IN MY PANTS POCKET FOR ACCESS AND COMFORT . I WOULD NEVER LEAVE THE HOUSE WITHOUT MY REX 6000 .
 YOU DO NOT PAY EITHER FOR FEATURES YOU DO NOT NEED NOR FOR FEATURES YOU NEVER USE . JUST THE STRICT NECESSARY . ON THIS BASIS THE SIZE IS PERFECT AND THE PRICE IS RIGHT .
 I was looking for something non bulky and useful to start carrying around a variety of info on phone numbers , addresses and hopefully with alerts for meetings , etc. . Nothing fancy , but it had to be small . Heard about the Rex by chance and i have been very happy with it - over 5 months of use with no problems to speak of . I enter everything on my laptop Outlook and sync up with the Rex - direct into PCMCIA port - no additional adapters or cords to carry around . Very useful , with great support from users on the www .
 This is my first PDA and I 'm very pleased with it . Its a shame the Rex website is no longer in action . My only minor complaint is that unless you touch the keyboard letters in the very bottom left corner , it types in the letter to the left , this only seems to be a problem with the keys on the left side of the screen , not all of them .
 this is my first pda because i always thought it was -LSB- pricey -RSB- , but this one is worth its price.I of course like the size of it because it 's discreet enough not to look like a dork . I got mine from another company-it came with a plastic shield for protection , but it works well with the touch screen so that you do n't have to press hard . Download time is quick , and i love the fact that you can personalize your info.I also love the leather case it comes with-its pretty cool .
 The product has a long standing reputation as a quality product . That has not changed . What made this transaction so pleasant was the speed , customer-comes-first attitude , and integrity of the seller . I would purchase from this individual and from this forum again .
 This is a good quality quadrille pad that holds up even when it gets wet . Will buy this product again .
 Works great in a HP 500 ! I do n't know how important the coated paper is . I ca n't tell the difference for my use of archtectural plots
 I used this to display pictures my husband 's 40th birthday party . I liked how I was able to adjust the height on the pictures . It is sturdy .
 I purchased this product to use as a recipe holder in my kitchen . It works perfect . The legs of the holder are adjustable in height and rotate . We use this product to view all of our recipes at eye level , in one place , while we are cooking . It is a perfect recipe holder .
 I am quite happy with the Sputnik Memo holder . It arrived quickly and looks just like it was advertised . I am using it to display some of my post card collection .
 Well worth the money , I actually used it to hold gift cards and gift certificates displayed on a sweepstakes table , it drew a lot of attention and people flocked to buy tickets to win this prize .
 This picture holder is the perfect addition to almost any room . It 's chic and effectively holds my pictures , postcards , gift cards , and other important papers ! I love that you can personalize its shape pretty much any way you 'd like .
 My husband is using this on his deployment in his room because he ca n't put much on the walls and there is limited desk space for pictures in frames . He says it 's really good and doing exactly what it needs to - displaying pics of us back home without taking up his limited space . It 'd probably be really good for a desk at work since you 'd have the same space issue .
 I love to place pictures around my home and this item is especially good for that ! I can adjust my pictures all kinds of ways and works for variety of sizes !
 This item does exactly what it is supposed to and is greating for holding a number of photos without the clutter of frames . The item also is very decorative .
 I needed a holder to place notes in . This is a great product , nice and sturdy and pretty too . It is well made and I believe it will last a long time . It was delivered in a timely fashion . I am really satisfied with this purchase .
 I use this for all the pictures i get from family and friends that i wouldnt frame but want to display for a while and it works great ! I would buy it again .
 Assembly was very fast , though it had a lot of parts and easily could have been too challenging . All parts had labels which matched what was in the instructions ... sooo ez to follow . It 's a fine product too . There 's not much to say about `` how '' to use it , if you see the picture and still do n't know how you 'd use it , you 've got bigger problems than making a purchasing decision.What I will say is it has a nice balance of spacing-utility types and I think you have some options for personal preferences , but I just built what they suggested.Gold medal to the instructions writeres .
 It was easy to put together and fits nicely in the space I bought it for . Sturdy product , looks nice
 Great way to organize a desktop . Easy to put together . Wood grain looks warm and like real oak.Great customer service !
 The top of my desk was a bit of a mess , until I got this organizer . It fits nicely and has contained all my clutter ... with room to spare . I would definitely buy this again . The assembly was n't difficult ... it took about 30 minutes .
 Easy to assemble without additional tools . Good quality for pre-fab shelving . The size is perfect for my desk and the extra compartments allows for extra space and organization .
 This is a great product the requires assembly.This is well made and designed to organize a surprising amount of things.It is everything I had hope for.I suspended it with steal and matching wood from a coffee table.It is part of a senior citizen concentrated action work station.She accesses , a whole world of things , keeps them handy .
 This was the perfect size for my daughter 's dorm size desk . She put it together herself and loves the space and options that it gives her . It was delivered quickly and exactly what we hope for .
 Overall , pretty good . The horizontal divider shelves on bottom are of heavy cardboard and unfinished . That could look better . Otherwise , I like the space it provides .
 The 25 yard roll is not what is pictured . The delivered roll is much smaller , and with a very small 1 inch core , so if you 're planning to string it on a gaffer loop , you may have trouble . The photo is a standard 3 inch core , and looks like the 60 yard roll . Amazon refused to change the photo . But the tape itself is the real stuff , so no worries there .
 This average quality gaff tape , nothing really to comment on here just high quality tape . My only peeves are that it does n't seem to be as flexible as higher quality tapes and the cardboard core is much smaller than is standard , although that may be a plus for some people . Its also expensive , but much cheaper than any other gaff tape so not really a con . The tape gripped strong enough to hold a heavy duty extension cord to a tile wall where other tapes had failed , and can be removed without leaving adhesive residue or peeling up paint.I would really give this 4.5 or 4.75 stars if I could .
 Plain , effective , inexpensive . Good for general Quality Control plots . Probably submittals too . I was hesitant to get this instead of the more expensive coated paper . But this is fine .
 I am an apparel design student and I wanted to have pattern making paper at home that was comparable to what we use at school . This is actually MUCH nicer . It is a brilliant white and has a smooth surface . The school has a rougher version that makes erasing a pain . You do not get small rough places on this pattern paper after erasing . It is opaque enough that using a red sharpie for the grain line does not penetrate the paper . The 24 '' width is ample for men 's and women 's garment patterns . I bought this to fit on a 24 '' wall mounted METAL dispenser . It fits great and tears smoothly and evenly . This came in a package of 2 rolls of 150 feet . My only complaint is that I wish it came in ONE ROLL of 300 feet . This would fit nicely on the dispenser , and would eliminate the need to store the other roll until you need to use it . Other than that , it is perfect for apparel designers and pattern makers.NOTE
 Really good quality paper and it is thick enough that it is not prone to wrinkling and has a smooth , high quality finish . Highly recommended !
 I cut a full-width slot in the top of the box , then re-inserted the roll of paper , fed the end through the slot , taped the box closed again , and placed it behind my work table . Now I can pull the paper up and over the table -LRB- anchor it with masking tape -RRB- to serve as a clean surface for my next project . Much better than what I 've been doing for years -LRB- taping old calendar pages together -RRB- .
 Great all purpose paper for everyday wide format printing . What else can I say ? Packaged in plastic & a sturdy box . Surviver UPS shipping and I believe the cost is quite good .
 This paper has been fabulous ! It has been used for many projects in my therapy office and seldom tears - and markers do n't bleed through ! Durable for the price .
 This giant paper roll really let 's my girl go to town with creativity . It 's such a large work space that she really has fun filling it up . She feels so free with what she can do . It 's also nice when she has friends over . I just cut a long piece , tape it to the floor and throw some crayons down and they just draw and color forever . I thought it was a good price at about $ 15 compared to all the other smaller rolls at similar or higher prices -LRB- although then those rolls that were smaller in size may have been a lot longer in length -RRB- This length will last us a good amount of time as we do n't use it everyday .
 My kids like to draw , a lot , and we get a lot of art on 8-and-a-half-by-11 copy paper . Sometimes that form factor just is n't enough to contain all of their creativity ! But they try anyway , because it 's common and available.I got this giant roll of paper to get them excited about creating something else , and they love it . They immediately took ideas from their smaller work -LRB- e.g. a rocket -RRB- , and made a 6-foot tall , 3-foot wide version that is impressive when taped up on the wall . Over the holidays , they made a poster-sized Christmas Tree poster to hang up so they could `` decorate '' it any way they wanted.It will help if you have a big flat space to spread this out , like an art or play table , or even hard flooring . A couple of recommendations : -- Put something around the edges if your kids wo n't stay within the lines . That way you do n't get marker on your floor or table or whatnot . -- Use tape -LRB- I used easy-to-remove painter 's tape -RRB- to hold the sheet down while it 's in use.I am sure there are many uses for a this paper , but if you have kids , get it for them and see what they come up with - you might be surprised and delighted .
 the paper was sent to me after 2 days of my order and the paper quality is good .
 I ordered this paper for a pretty abnormal use . I got it to hang large sections of it on my walls to make basically cheap whiteboards . I do a lot of programming and having big writing spaces to work through problems and work out formulas helps a lot . I ca n't say much for its quality as printing paper for large format printers , but if you need big writing spaces , and do n't want to spend a lot on whiteboards , dry erase boards , chalk boards , etc , than this is the way to go !
 24lb . Bond , so it 's about as thick as heavy writing paper.Excellent quality , and arrived in two days . Very bright white , Matte finish.I have several uses for it , other than actually as inkjet paper , and for about $ 21 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- for a 150ft x 3ft roll , it is by far the best deal on basic roll paper that I 've seen .
 Paper seems good but it is now 21 lb and not 24 lb . The other review was 3 years ago so it has probably changed since then . Will use this mainly for kids to draw and do arts and crafts so it is still fine for me . In the Amazon specs it does not mention it , but when you look it up on the HP website , it does give the weight .
 I occasionally sell items on ebay and it is nice to use this paper roll to provide a perfectly smooth white backdrop for product photographs . The paper is thick enough that it is not prone to wrinkling and has a smooth , high quality finish . Highly recommended !
 for a regular roll of bond paper , the price is excellent as well as the quality .
 Paper is great at $ 24 lbs and at 36 &#34; x 150 ' . The paper is a thick heavy writing paper , very bright white , matte finish.This paper is thick enough to not be prone to wrinkling and has a smooth high quality finish.I highly recommend this to anyone who needs a big roll of paper without spending tons of money !
 I use it for making sewing patterns and it 's fantastic . It has a nice consistency , not terribly see-through so a bit difficult to use as tracing paper , but a really nice thickness that will make my patterns last forever . The fact that it 's a nice wide roll and 150 feet long means it will serve me well for a long time . Great product .
 Wonderful paper . Wrapped all my Christmas presents last year in this paper and decorated them -LRB- see the photo 's I posted -RRB- . Also when I run out of my Kraft brown paper -LRB- see my reviews -RRB- , I use it to line the travel cage for my Sun Conure . You ca n't loose with this paper !! Definitely 10 STARS !!
 HP Universal Bond Paper is a great product . It is just what I needed to print my plans for my customers .
 The paper was exactly as it was advertised . Although I will need something longer the next time I order , I would recommend this product to anyone . The quality is excellent .
 This paper is a great value in my opinion . Much better price than the CAD warehouses or brick and mortar stores . It handles ink pretty well . 100 % coverage and it will get a bit wavy but it is a relatively light # paper . Bang for the buck it is hard to beat . It has a good whiteness and does n't appear splotchy like other roll papers at the same price point . Holds dots pretty well , not excessive dot gain for a value paper especially .
 I have tried many different kinds of photo paper and I can say with confidence this is by far the best . Many other kinds of photo paper stick together when you put more than two sheets in your printer at a time , which ends up wasting a lot of paper and time . This HP paper has no such problem . Other papers feel very thin and some are even slightly see through ; with this paper it is as thick if not thicker than developed photos ! I use an HP D145 and with this paper my photos come out of the printer looking like they were just developed . Although it is slightly more expensive than others , this photo paper is well worth it ; the results you get are just amazing .
 I had about 25 sheets of this paper left over when my HP printer died . No big loss as far as I 'm concerned . It only lasted about a year with light usage and was well out of the 90 day warranty period.Anyway , I was n't about to throw away a half package of good photo paper . Quite simply , it works great in my Canon Pixma 3000 and the prints are nicer than those I was getting from the HP.So much for blindly sticking with the printer manufacturers paper .
 i tried this on both inkjet and color laser printers . picture quality is nicer on inkjet printer -LRB- of course . -RRB- otherwise , paper & photo quality is expected .
 Although a bit more expensive than desired , HP Premium Plus Photo Paper gives very good results especially when using HP printers -LRB- I use HP photosmart7760 -RRB- . The special coating on the back to prevent sticking is also a very good innovation.I would recommend this photo paper , especially if the extra cost is not a problem and a good HP printer is used .
 I 've tried many different brands of photo paper , but this is by far the best . I have a HP 7550 Photo printer and with this paper the photos turn out just like store-developed ones . The weight of paper is thicker than any other paper I 've tried and the colors come out the truest . It is more expensive than other brands , but I think it is worth the money .
 I had a free pack of this stuff that came with my HP printer a couple of years ago and just got around to trying it out -- because it took me forever to get through the package of `` premium quality '' Ilford paper I had been using.This HP paper is superior in every way ; from the color , to the image resolution , to the great backing which makes it so easy to handle . It is so much better , in fact , that I now ca n't wait to print out my pictures . And the price is very reasonable here at Amazon.No , I do n't work for HP ! I am just a very satisfied customer . For once !
 I do love the way my HP printer prints on this paper , but my only problem is the sizing . Why do n't manufacturers make 8x10 photo paper ? Ever try to find a frame for an 8.5 x11 picture ? I could only find ONE frame that size compared to dozens and dozens of 8x10 frame choices . It makes no sense at all.But , if 8.5 x11 is fine with you , this paper is an excellent choice . I 'm just going to have to trim them down to 8x10 .
 I 've used HP photo printers for several years . I 've used quite a few brands of papers over that time and none consistently look as good or work with less frustration than HP 's own Premium Plus glossy . I really like to shoot black and white -- both digitally and with film . Other brands will dry down with some strange off-color tints . In color or black and white , sometimes the prints dry so slowly they stick together when they feed from the printer . And sometimes the prints fade out pretty fast . the Premium Plus glossy papers simply work better with the HP printers.With the Vivera inks , HP says your photos will last longer than photofinisher prints . I ca n't verify that assertion . But the prints always look good and , with proper storage , they should serve the majority of home photographers well.While many will complain about the cost of this paper , they surely have n't done any chemical photo processing . The price of a 25-sheet package of high quality fiber-based black and white silver-based photographic paper will usually cost considerably more than a 50-sheet box of the HP Premium Plus . The inks are costly as well but photo chemicals are also expensive and require a dedicated area to make your prints . Printing with ink is more convenient , produces adequate quality and can be done economically and consistently .
 Yeah , this paper is more expensive than the competition , but the results are well worth it -LRB- at least if you have an HP printer -- I ca n't attest for other printers -RRB- . The quality is amazing and this paper holds up very well . Save this paper for your BEST photographs .
 I print probably 100-300 sheets per month and this is without a doubt the best printer paper out there . I have tried other stuff , many times and it 's always the black tones that suffer . Even with other HP 5 star photo premium plus . THIS is the good stuff ! The other reviews say it 's like looking at a photo printed at the best photo store , and they 're right . The blacks are deep , the colors are vivid and the ink holds perfectly . I just bought 6 packages of this stuff and I will refuse to use any other type . You do have to use it with an HP printer though , wo n't work on Epson . I have the cheapest HP I could find -LRB- Photosmart 5510 -RRB- and it looks absolutely amazing . Buy this paper ! Buy it now !
 This was great photo paper . The paper was thick enough that it felt like a real photo and the pictures looked even better than ones from a photo lab . The back side is also textured so you know which side to print on .
 My wife got some free samples of this paper . I tried it in our HP 5150 inkjet . This is the best quality I 've ever seen for a inkjet printer . I 'm a semi-professional photographer so my demands are higher . This is good paper !!! I never really printed photos from home until now . I will buy more . Note
 I bought a stack of this paper because it was the only 13x19 available , and I needed some quick . Boy was I pleasantly surprised with the results . The prints came out fantastic on my Canon printer -LRB- PIXMA Pro 9000 Mark II -RRB- , with absolutely no complaints ! Bottom line , do n't hesitate to pick up some of this paper , you wont be disappointed .
 Great product . The paper feels really substantial . Prints high quality . I 'm happy with the results .
 This paper is really good for photos . I took some HP Everyday Photo Paper and this HP Premium Plus Photo Paper and printed the same image on both . Premium Plus was much , much better . You could see definition in places where it was kinda fuzzy on the other paper . For me , this purchase was definitely worth the extra money .
 Used in conjunction with old HP Photosmart 7350 and the color tones and vibrance are great . I like it much , much better than the Kodak equivalent .
 Not much to say about printer paper , except that this was exactly what I wanted .
 I used this to make pictures of wedding photos and they turned out well . Great deal .
 This is the best photo paper I have found so far . I keep a pack of the lesser expensive `` Premium '' photo paper for printing out the good photos but I also keep a pack of this `` Premium Plus '' photo paper for those special shots that I only get maybe once out of every 30 or so photos taken . The only downside I have found with the premium plus ... it is too costly . I did search around and found that the price on Amazon.com was the best , even better than individuals selling on ebay . The package arrived 3 days earlier than Amazon said it would . So far I have had nothing but great experiences when buying from Amazon.com .
 This is an excellent photo paper and I 've used it for years . I always insist on `` HP Premium Plus '' because of the good results I 've always gotten . Photos stay crisp and seem to never fade .
 I printed out a bunch of pics on my HP deskjet printer for a present and nobody could tell I had printed them out myself rather than going to a store to the the pictures printed professionally . They look just like real pics . Great purchase
 Prior to this purchase , I had only purchased `` HP Premium Photo Paper , '' never the Premium Plus . I did n't think there would be much of a difference , but there is , and it is noticeable . While I 'm pleased with the purchase , I would NEVER purchase any other brand of paper for my HP Printer . There have been too many stories about bad results when using other manufacturer 's papers .
 I would rather use the thicker Canon paper but it does n't work in the new HP printer that I bought for home use when my old Canon became obsolete . A home printer is a necessary evil -LRB- to print tax forms etc. -RRB- and I rarely use the one that I have for printing photographs because of the poor results of the printer , not the paper . My local Walgreen 's does a great job in quickly processing the photos that I need and the cost per print is probably less than if I printed them myself .
 I print a lot of pictures , and this kind of paper is so expensive . So , getting 50 sheets , and at such a good price was really great !
 Purchased a new printer and found that this paper gives me the best results . I 'm very pleased and yes , I 'd recommend this product to anyone looking for quality photos .
 The title says it all . High thick quality and printsas well as anything I 've ever used . Want more.Highly recommend .
 makes great glossy photos on my HP printer . I used to to make award presentations that were mounted in a DAX 11x17 frame . I also recommend those frames . They are great for the price .
 >> review for HP product ` No . Q1785A ' -LRB- from Switzerland -RRB- This is a very , high-quality , glossy photo paper.This 11.5 mil paper is thick with a pro-texture on back-sideIt comes sealed in heavy,poly-bag , inside a durable flap-lid package.Paper seems noticably better than the OfcDpt Premium Photo paperthat I have used in past.and is Probably a better quality than most home users would require.I purchased here , on-sale @ $ 0.24 / sheet -LRB- ttl cost ; a super-value bargain . -RRB- I tested with a 9 year old Canon S-500 photo-printer usingit 's BEST settings with genuine Canon inks -LRB- BCI-3e -RRB- and was NOT disappointed.HP says to wait an hour for ink to dry ... . my 1st prints were smudge-free in less than 10 mins.YMMVnote
 Recieved what I expected , was happy to see it was 74lbs paper , sturdy & long lasting . Got it at a very low cost through Amazon .
 I got streaks on the photo paper , but not on regular paper . Not sure it 's from the printer or photo paper or the combination .
 HP Premium Plus photo paper is the only way to go . I have tried less expensive paper and other brands , not to compare . The difference in quality is important . Our memories are too important not to get the best . I recommend .
 i have used this paper before on an hp b8550 printer . the result wa areally professional picture . it is instant dry and the colors are beautiful.i bought my first pack at tke local wal-mart & paid twice as much for half the amount of paper . this is a absolute bargain . look to amazon for great buys .
 HP Premium Plus photo paper is the only way to go if you desire tremendous photos from your home printer without any scratching , scuffing or blemishes . I have tried less expensive paper from HP as well as other manufacturers . The difference in quality is obvious . If you want friends and family to think you know what you are doing , share photo 's on HP Premium Plus glossy paper.Jay Shaheen
 It is a great product to print high quality photos and a good enough product to frame and sell .
 Nice photo paper , also good for pcb making . The laser ink sticks good to the pcb . Makes nice photos
 I used this paper with my HP 6500 to print color photos and they look great . I do n't know how many years they will last of course but they look almost like lab photos . Certainly good enough to frame in our living room and have no one be the wiser that they came from a computer . The paper is a little pricy , but I suppose that is to be expected .
 Look , this photo paper is not the cheapest you can purchase but it is the very best that I have ever used .
 This paper gives great black and white results ------ nice , heavy weight which produces excellent results -- best HP Photo paper for excellent black and white images
 I love the way my pictures look on the paper . Other paper does not give the vivid color and sharpness like this does . I will buy this product again and I would recommend other people to try it .
 For years , I have bought the cheapest photo paper to use on my printer . As I have become more sensitive to how my photos look , I realized that I was n't getting the quality I wanted . I recently purchased an HP K8600 OfficeJet Pro and a friend told me if I used HP paper , I wouild have the best quiality photos I could possibly get . She was right . Now , I buy ONLY HP Premium Plus photo paper . The photos truly look like they are supposed to look . Very high quality .
 Excellent product for an excellent price . I print pics all of the time , so I really needed this . Will ofcourse buy again .
 If you liked Kodak Ultima Hi-Gloss photo paper -LRB- which is no longer available -RRB- then this is the paper for you . It prints beautiful photos and comes in 8-1/2 x 11 sheets , with a stiff non-stick paper backing that stand up very well in photo albums . It does take time to dry -- but well worth it for the professional look of your photos .
 I am very happy with the delivery service and good price of this top quality photo paper .
 I only wish the satin finish HP Premium Plus Photo Paper was also available in this 50-sheet , 8.5 x 11 quantity ! Top notch product and well packaged .
 HP Premium Plus Photo Paper , High Gloss is the only paper I use for my photos . Nothing else compares with the quality . I 've been using this brand for some years and I highly recommend.Thanks , Lisa
 I have a HP Photosmart 8750 printer and would never consider any other photo paper except HP and the Premium Plus is the best by far . Getting this paper at an affortable price is my only issue , and I found the solution by shopping at Amazon . Even the less expensive shipping is fast . Recommend highly .
 I wrote a review about this paper -LRB- 4x6 in -RRB- . Good heavy paper - feels very good . Photos are beautiful but HP needs to upgrade their ink technology - photos are too sticky for too long and they 're not waterproof .
 As advertised work well with my printer the quality was there . I just wish it was a little less expensive . Delivery was prompt .
 I thought I was ordering the same photo paper as I 've been using , also HP Premium , but this is an even better quality & the photos are clear & the color very good . It 's a thicker paper , and is exactly what I wanted . Great product.A W
 HP Premium Plus Photo Paper is the Best Paper I know of . It prints perfect photographs with true color reproduction . I rely on a Great Quality Photo Paper for my small Photography Business It never lets you down . The price is great !
 the High gloss is what everyone want , it make the picture so sharp and the thickness of the paper is long lasting as well . this is one of my preferred papers and I have and will continue to buy this ... . Using this paper for printing I get great looking picture .
 The service , price and quality of this item was unbeatable . Could not fault anything about the way my order was dealt with and would definitely use this company again in the future . The product being HP speaks for itself but the price was fantastic .
 This produces great prints in HP printers . It will give you the best picture quality that you can get with an HP printer . It is pretty much the best paper you can get for an HP printer.In case you do n't get the clue , you should only get this for an HP printer -LRB- which I have several of -RRB- . There was a time when the specifics of the types of inks and technologies used by the various printer manufacturers mattered to me and so I did some research . If you have an Epson printer and think you will get a really good print on HP paper , pack up your Epson printer and send it back because you do n't know what you 're doing . Epson produces a far better picture but there is a trade-off . I can leave my HP printers sitting dormant for years and it will fire up and print just as well as it did the last time I did it . Try that with an Epson and not only will it not print with the ink cartridges in it but it will likely be a paperweight if you left the cartridges in it . I do n't print that often on my printers and I rarely print photos with it . That is why I love HP . If I were a photographer , I would probably go with Epson for photo prints and HP for everything else.As for Canon ... there 's really no reason for Canon to make inkjet printers the way they do . They do n't have the reliability of HP or the quality of Epson . But if you have one , HP paper will work pretty well in a Canon printer .
 One of the best photo papers I 've used over the years . Great Value in both quality and price . An excellent buy .
 I love it . clear for my scrapbooking hard to find at the stores in Baton Rouge . Wallmart use to cary them cant find . Cant sbeet the price
 HP printers generally print pictures best on HP papers with HP ink or toner . So , I have been using HP photo papers for years , and this batch did not disappoint . However , I ordered it through an Amazon merchant that was new to the Amazon supply chain , and they did disappoint . The package was a plain brown envelope , kludged with a plain paper insert and Scotch tape on the side to accept the thicker box of photo paper , and it got damaged in shipping . Several of the sheets of photo paper were visibly damaged in the corner . I wrote to the merchant asking for resolution , but they never replied . I gave them a less than stellar rating elsewhere in the Amazon system .
 My purchase was a good one . I have n't used the Photo Paper but I did take it out of the box to check the texture and it was pretty good .
 This paper is thick and great quality , however the cost per sheet is quite high . On a hewlett Packard printer this prints a full picture with no border . The colors are more vivid than on cheaper paper . I use cheaper paper for initial copies and when I like a print I do it on this paper . It also lasts .
 These cordless phones are tough , great sounding on both ends of conversation , and have a great range . Wireless 5.8 Ghz frequency helps to avoid interferencewith computer wireless networks .
 I purchased this set about 1.5 years ago from Staples online . Connected the phones and waited for them to charge . I have had no problems with them . The phones are used for hours -LRB- +6 -RRB- at a time and now I need to replace the batteries . I do n't think that 's unreasonable.WOW I am so surprised you had problems . Mine are still working . I did get water in one handset which is my fault .
 This item works well for all size clips . The clips are easily accessible from this container . My first order was for a smaller holder that had a small opening and did not work well for maintaing clips .
 This is part of the whole black wire desk supplies series . It is n't quite as big as it looks . However it 's a pretty good size for holding paperclips , especially the large ones . Will match withi other black wire accessories .
 The size is nice and large , and can hold quite a few clips , or whatever else you put in it . The mesh and black finish look like they are of good and high quality .
 These are what I was looking for . Was n't sure of the quality they would be as the price was so low . Am totally satisfied with the product and will definitely buy again .
 I bought this for my son 's collector football cards . No complaints here . Fits well . Will order more of these when needed .
 Awesome for Magic . I especially bought these for my magic deck . They fit perfect and fell very durable . Also they are amazingly slippery .
 Everything went as expected - Item arrived on time , and was not damaged.Not much more to say except that it 's a deal .
 Sometimes I just do n't feel like wasting the gas to run into town and buy one thing . That 's what happened here . So I ordered online and had my order in two days with my Prime Membership . Perfect . Nice sleeves for ATC trading . Lightweight and flexible .
 High quality plastic transparent sleeves for baseball card sized content . This listing is selling individual sleeves not pages with multiple sleeves on each page . The sleeves come in a zip-lock bag which is handy for storing empty sleeves . The bags are soft with a little bit of stiffness.Each sleeve is sized 25/8 X 35/8 , so any 2.5 '' x 3.5 '' mini art fits nicely with a little room to spare . I am attaching a photo under customer images with a sleeve out of the package next to the ruler for reference.I am an artist that sells my own art work , some of my pieces are artist trade cards -LRB- ACEO -RRB- which are the size of the baseball card . I sell them packaged in these sleeves and they look very professional . The sleeves protect the art from elements and finger prints . So these nice sleeves are not just for baseball cards!I am pleased with the quality of these sleeves and the price at 2.6 cents per sleeve is very reasonable . I would buy them again.Ali Julia review
 after confusion with credit card companies , order finally went thru . after order went thru rec 'd item in three days and in good shape .
 Bought these Sleeves for my Pokemon Card collection . Comes with 100 sleeves in each pack , and is cheap but provides more durability for my cards that I dont use often.If your going to be using the cards in the sleeves often , I recommend getting toploaders or stronger sleeves . Great product overall , I highly recommend it . Was delivered before they said it would arrive , and was packaged very well . Fits my needs , and expectations .
 Fast Shipping , the sleeves are a little bit bigger and not as snug as some other sleeves but I believe they will do the job . It is a little harder to shuffle the cards when these are on them because it reduces the friction so the cards end up sliding everywhere .
 i ordered this pack and it came fast good for pokemon and yugioh cards not sure about magic the gathering they are clear and see through i recommend buying these if you want to protect your cardsCON
 The item does its job right , but its not card sleeves for cards you use for playing games , its mainly used if you want to protect cards that are in a collection . It also came in a day earlier . : D
 I have a bunch of original series I marvel cards that I wanted to protect . Along with the binder insert I added these sleeves .
 These card sleeves are thin and flimsy as you would expect . However , when you insert a card into them , they seem like they will last . If you are looking for a stiff sleeve , this is not for you . They fit almost perfectly with Pokemon cards , but leave a lot of space when placing a Yugioh card . Nonetheless , I would recommend these for anyone who does n't want to spend too much money and is looking for decent card sleeves .
 These are awsome . The sleeves are very durable and I love them . I spilled my water and it went all over my Carlton Fisk rc -LRB- rookie card -RRB- and took the card out and it was still very dry . My Mariano Rivera rc was still dry also .
 I did n't even know what soft sleeves were until I went shopping for something to protect my cards . I 'm so glad I found these . They slipped on easily and fit into harder top loaders without any problems at all .
 these sleeves are great . there moderatly durable and very thinflimsy , you could put these on your trading cards and still shuffle them . they protect cards from small scratches and fraying on the edges . at 1.25 a pack you cant go wrong with these , not even with shipping charges . i use these for magic the gathering , pokemon , and WoW cards .
 These card sleeves are a must have for ACEO artists and collectors . They fit perfectly , are acid free and keep art work safe and clean .
 These sleeves are great for things other than cards . I use these for puting my pinback buttons in that I make , for shipping to customers . They fit perfect -LRB- the buttons are 2 inches in diameter -RRB- and it gives them a professional look ; as well as keeping them safe during shipping . LOVE them . I have purchased these from them before , and will of course be returning again . So think outside the box and use these for other things too , not just cards .
 First time buying these , and they came super fast -LRB- day earlier than expected -RRB- . Great for the extra care when putting cards in a binder . I can see why some people would complain about them not being for card-playing -LRB- although I did , and I was okay with it -RRB- as there are other better options , but as a collector they are very good for putting them in a binder .
 I got what I paid for . They are not a bad product for the price and they do what I need , so there is no complaints .
 Purchased for my son to protect his Pokemon and Yugioh cards . He keeps them in a binder in those pocketed pages but he wanted extra protection . They work fine and fit fine .
 No problems , good quality . Used them for protecting my Dominion card game . Needed to buy five sets to cover them all .
 These sleeves are great for cards with moderate value to you it protects it will an is very cheap literally a penny per sleeve . But would not recommend for more valuable cards
 These sleeves are exactly what I was looking for . Clear , See through on front & back , Archivial safe , the perfect size .
 I 'm not sure why these are supposed to be rated as a toy ... ? But I bought them as covers for my ACEO 's . I make and sell ACEO 's over on Etsy under the shop name `` Davs '' . They fit perfectly ! I will be buying them again ! : -RRB-
 My son wanted to have his Pokemon Card collection in individual sleeves , so he can play without damaging his cards , and this product accomplished the purpose .
 I ordered these sleeves for my art cards . I am not using them as a toy or for a toy . They are the perfect size and flexibility to insert a card into , and then insert the sleeved card into a 9 per page protector page . For ATCers , I highly recommend these . I bought 500 at a time just to be sure I 'd have them when needed . They are impossible to find locally .
 For its price , it 's a pretty good bargain . I bought enough of these to sleeve all my Call of Cthulhu cards . Good enough to prevent edge fraying and smudging - may even protect from liquid spill . Just be careful that no debris gets into the sleeve because it might mess up the card .
 These are exactly what any card collector needs to hold their collection of cards whether its Magic , Marvel , Baseball , Football , etc. . Basically if you do n't want to throw down $ 20 for the better hard sleeves ones then this is for you .
 This is just what I needed and I will return . Fast service too . Thank you .
 The DM15C Shredder works fine . After a year mine also ran continuously -- the fix is simple , just clean the infeed photosensors -LRB- in the middle -RRB- with a paper towel & toothpick . Good as new after that.Same issue with false basket full indication -- you pull the shredder head up -LRB- easy -RRB- and underneath you clean off the sensors -- good as new . This info is on the Fellows Website -- search DM15C under FAQ or support.Also , do n't forget to oil the shredder head after each full basket -- this keeps it good as new . Cross cut shedders are NOT set & forget -- you need to do basic periodic maintenance . This one works fine .
 I 've had mine for over two years and its still going strong . As with all confetti cut shredder , this one needs to be regularly lubricated to keep its 15 page/cd/dvd / credit card shredding ability . I run a `` shredder lubricant '' sheet through it about one a month and it always performs much better right after a lube . I 'm happy with my purchase .
 WOW We are impressed . I bought this before Christmas to help my daughter -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- improve her organizational skills and now the entire family uses it . My husband and I each take it to work and the kids use it for numerous school-related things . My husband 's employer and mine have each made purchases of this item since seeing how wonderful it is and easy to use . We may have to buy three more so we can all have our own . Tremendous improvement over the old DYMOs !
 I bought this label maker on advice of the above customer reviews . I have not been disappointed . The Letratag is easy and fun to use . I 've used it to identify frozen leftovers , organize photo albums , and organize my filing cabinets . One of my concerns was the availability of the labels . I have not found it to be a problem , Amazon carries many different ones , as does Target . For the price of the labelmaker and the labels I do n't think one can find a better deal out there .
 I use my machine to label shelves , leftovers , boxes and anything I lend/leave out that I want returned . I 've only used the plastic labels and they stick wonderfully . If you buy one , be sure to order some plain plastic labels - my unit came with one roll of happy face background tape , which is very distracting for everyday use . I only wish there were an easier way to select the special characters - I have to keep the instructions handy to locate the special codes to print symbols .
 Four and a half stars , really . The Dymo LetraTag is fun and easy to use ! It does a few different fonts , vertical strips , two-line labels , and symbols . You 'll actually want to go through and organize your filing cabinet . The only thing I do n't like is the cheapo paper label tape -- OK for sticking to paper items -LRB- like file folders -RRB- but it does n't work well on plastic -LRB- like VHS cassettes . -RRB- Splurge and get the more expensive plastic tape if you want a little more versatility .
 if you 're looking for millions of possible text configurations , this is not the product for you . it is an easy , affordable , and fully functional label maker . my wife and i use it for everything and are very pleased with its reliable performance .
 We wanted something to leave in the kitchen to mark all those left-overs , the other canisters that seem to find a way in the cupboards -LRB- and you have to look inside to see what it contained ! -RRB- , etc. . This has been perfect , and we find uses all the time . It was great for use in the garden and while rewiring the house .
 This is one of the best prodcts they made . If you want to get it at wal-mart 0r other places you pay 29.00 and maby 50.00 but amazon you pay 23.95 has just th right price . and the kids love it for school for there folders so just get this prodouct . It the best
 I am a music teacher who has thousands of resources . Some of these resources are lent to students and colleagues . The Dymo LetraTag is a great way of labeling my stuff to make sure that it gets returned to me !! The labels that this machine uses adhere better than the labels from my Casio labeler or my wife 's Brother labeler . The batteries last much longer with this machine as well . An investment that is well worth the price .
 Purchased one of these last week and found 101 uses for it already . It inspired me to tackle my file cabinet for pre-tax organizing . I 'm purchasing another one for my wife to use with PTA . Get one .
 This is labeling the way it should be . Nice price on a quality product . Not like the old labelmakers that made impressions on plastic tape , this product can print on a variety of tape -LRB- available separately -RRB- - paper , plastic or metalic . The keyboard is a little clumsy , but for under -LSB- money -RSB- I can live with it . I use it for all kinds of labels .
 I love this thing and I 've only had it for a few days ! -LRB- Wish I 'd seen it on Amazon first and knew it came in Translucent Purple like my computer . -RRB- I 'm just gon na have to get another one !! I got it so I could label boxes for ebay items I sell . Now , I can package the item , get a TRUE weight for Shipping costs , and just label the box so I know what 's in it ! I even used it to add a friend 's name and info to her Mary Kay catalogs !! I can think of a million reasons/uses for this thing , and NOT A SINGLE ONE INVOLVES NOT OWNING IT !
 I got this as a gift , and one roll of labels . I know there are more type out there . This unit was inexpensive , easy to use , and very easy to figure out how to do two lines of text , or special characters .
 This is possibly the best little electronic device ever invented ! I 've had mine for 10 years it seems . I 've labeled everything in my house I can think of - garbage disposal switch , light switch next to it . License Plate # on the back of my Driver 's License . Phone # on the back of my phone . Kids love it ! They put their name in and label small toys or whatever .
 I can not say enough about this product . Recently I went to Staples and tried out the competing but much more expensive Brother P-Touch series , and I like the Letratag way better ! The Letratag 's tapes are cheaper , seem more durable , the print looks great , and I think the build quality and tape cartridge design of the Letratag is better than the $ 50 and $ 70 P-Touch 's . The Brother P-Touch has a slightly more convenient typewriter-like keyboard layout , and has an AC adaptor accessory to plug it into the wall , so if you 're going to use a labelmaker all day , it 's a better choice . But for home and home office use , the Letratag turns scribbles on Post-it notes and file folders into professional-looking and durable labels.I got the white plastic , white paper , yellow plastic , and silver metallic lables -LRB- all with black printing -RRB- , and they are all proving useful . My particular Letratag came with a yellow `` smiley face '' cartridge -LRB- do n't know if that 's still offered -RRB- , which is good for writing little romantic labels for your sweetheart and for `` fun-looking '' labels for kids.I calculate the average cost of a 2 '' label at about $ 0.07 , not counting replacing the batteries -LRB- 6 AA , not included ; I do n't know how long they last yet -RRB- .
 Great label maker . Easy to use .
 The desk was delivered quickly . My son put it together with no problems . It 's sturdier than I expected , and I love that it 's on wheels . The only thing that disappointed me was the color . It 's more of a light gray . All the other furniture in the room is bright white . It does n't clash at all . I was just hoping for a whiter color . All in all , I would order it again .
 This product had all the features I wanted its compact , sturdy , love the color and it fit in the corner of my room . was easy to put together and I am a senior woman .
 Needed something to keep my portable sewing machine on to make it accessible and comfortable to use - computer mobile desk is PERFECT ! Glad Amazon had it available .
 Having a hearing problem is very difficult . Talking on the telephone was almost impossible until now , thanks to the Clarity C420 900MHz cordless phone .
 I just purchased this telephone for my husband , who has suffered mild hearing loss . He usually can barely hear the telephone ring , but not with this one . The flashing light is also very helpful and with his big hands , he is very pleased with the large buttons . For him , this is an all-around great telephone .
 We bought this phone for my Mother . She loves it and can hear so much better with it . Very clear and easy to use , also like the memory feature .
 We bought this phone because we needed a 900mhz phone that would not interfere with the wireless internet in our house . The phone does not interfere with our wireless internet and the sound quality is good , not great , but totally acceptable .
 We purchased this phone for someone who is hard of hearing and it is awesome . The volume for the voices can be turned up loud and the voices are clear . So happy with this purchase . Thank you .
 This chair I have had for a month now and I like it alot . Its comfortable and looks great . It doesnt make any noise when you sit in it and it feels very solid and well constructed . I do wish it rocked a little bit further but overall this chair is worth every penny . Great deal here . Hopefully this helps you decide on your purchase today .
 The chair is wonderful . Comfortable and reliable . What a great deal from a GREAT seller .
 Vball Liquid Ink Roller Ball Pen , Extra Fine Point , Purple InkThis pen is a smooth writer ! Purple adds some fun to whatever you are writing .
 I bought this for my home . This is my first rack purchase . Prior to this , I 've never rackmounted my server or network hardware , but I wanted to start doing so because it 's more compact and cleaner looking.Currently , I have 3x3U center mounted servers at the bottom , then all my networking equipment about half way up . This includes a managed gigabit switch , a wire management insert , a 2U pfsense router/firewall , then 2 shelves for a cable modem and the wireless access point . I also have a 1U PDU.This leaves me plenty of room to expand , of course . The rack , as I have it loaded , is plenty sturdy . Having the servers at the bottom helps keep the main weight low , which keeps it steady . There is next to no risk of it falling over in this configuration . If this is used in a real telcom location , there are also holes to bolt it to the floor , but I did not have this ability in my current living situation , and it was n't necessary to do so , either.I 'd recommend this for the home for a low-cost rack mounting solution . Same with an office setting . If necessary in the future , I can always buy a second one and make it into a 4-post rack , as well .
 Other reviews have pretty much covered it . Good , solid rack . Nice finish . It is aluminum so surprisingly light . I have it set on concrete floor which is not smooth . I have it loaded at the top with a 1U TOR switch and a rackmount power strip/surge supressor . Slightly above waist level I have installed a shelf and placed a flatscreen monitor on the shelf . A couple of inches below that -LRB- approx 45 '' off the floor -RRB- I have a server on rails -LRB- which I 'm using for my keyboard tray :--RRB- and directly underneath that another 1U switch . Finally , sitting on the base I have a couple of PCs . The rack wobbles due to the rough floor , but it exhibits adequate stability . I highly recommend this for SMB or home . And , as others have stated , the pack of screws taht comes with it is handy , especially rackmount screws that I 've used on job sites did not fit well .
 This is a great rack for the price especially with the free amazon shipping . It was very easy to put together . As there are only 6 bolts on each side holding it together there is some wiggle room back and forth if you push but once you have weight on the rack it does n't move . I put almost 150 lbs of network equipment and servers on the rack with no problems . What I found really nice was all the extra mounting screws they gave you in the kit . I see myself buying another one once I have the need .
 The hand made cards were very nice and made a nice gift . The free cards , were kind of cheesy , but will be good to have on hand in pinch .
 To tell the truth I never expected these cards to be so great ... I mean they really do look handmade & not at all daggy !
 I loved this set of greeting cards . It was so nice to always have the right card on hand - no matter what the situation was . The cards were handmade , and so each one was so unigue . Much nicer than buying a card at the store . I bought this set several years ago , so they are all gone now , but I love the cute box they came in and still use it to store various things . You know , I should really buy another set ...
 I have 3 relatives in their 90s and they are forever asking my Mom and I to pick up cards for them since they ca n't get out and to the store very easily . I thought of this for Christmas so now they can choose their own cards and feel more independent . I was VERY pleasantly surprised at the high quality and detail on the cards and the variety available . I would reccomend this to anyone !
 There is not a lot I can say ... It is a tape dispenser . It holds tape , it is heavy enough that you do n't have to hold it with your other hand when you pull a piece of tape off , and it is nice and small so fits easily on your desk or counter . Unless you really WANT a dispenser shaped like a shoe , this is a great deal and a great dispenser .
 THE SCOTCH TAPE AND DISPENSER WERE JUST WHAT WE NEEDED TO HELP WRAP CHRISTMAS PACKAGES . WITHOUT TAPE IT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO DO A GOOD JOB WRAPPING .
 The Scotch Magic tape with dispenser and 2 rolls of tape was the perfect addition to my office supplies at work . This particular tape dispenser is more compact then typical dispensers , which is fine for me as it takes up less space on my desk . Although it is compact , it is still made very well and is a great value . I would 've rated this product with five stars instead of four , but the dispenser that I received had some scratches on the side due to the plastic plastic packaging that it came in . Nonetheless , I would still repurchase if I needed another tape dispenser .
 This is a nice tape dispenser . Its small and dont take up much room on the desk . It rolls out smooth and cuts just as well . Theres not much to say about an item like this . However , it was worth the price and again the size is perfect . Nice item . Recommended .
 The Avaya 2420 phone works perfectly with our old school Lucent Definity phone system and Intuity Audix voicemail system . The call log feature is very helpful , and Avaya and Plantronics wireless headsets plug directly in to the phone without the need for a handset lifter . New or Refurbished , these 2420 phones have been rock solid , and they are great replacements for our Avaya 6400 series phones . As an IT Professional , I highly recommend the Avaya 2420 .
 This is one slick piece of kit . Quite easy to to setup with a bit of network basics under your belt . Plug in phone line to a spare jack and then a CAT5 cable to a spare router port . I then manually entered static IP information into FAX machine -LRB- even easier if you use DHDP -RRB- and then setup options on FAX how I wanted it . To add , edit or delete email addresses , etc I then went to internet explorer , typed http://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx , which is the FAX machine 's IP and used the internet based configuration page . Up and running in less than 10 minutes . I use PDF as the format and get pretty darn good quality documents . I used PDF because every computer should have adobe reader installed these days . Admittedly a bit more effort is involved to setup options specific to how you want to use it but I found it very , very easy to install and setup . No harder than any other FAX machine really.I only FAX a few pages once or twice a week . For large business usage you may need to think twice on a larger more expensive make/model . Pro
 I purchased one in Sams Club . I was hesitant after reading available reviews which were pretty discouraging . Anyway I deciced to give it a try . Out of the box everything was working perfect , connetion to the router was quick , I check IP address and was able to open web interface . Configuration of e-mail service was quick and easy . It is great to have all faxes in the e-amil . I am so glad that I decide to invest some time to try that smart machine .
 Switched to a VOIP provider , after they assured me that my fax would work -- it did n't . Saw this broadband fax-perfect . I 've spoken to people whose regular fax works over the internet-others whose fax machines do n't . This Sharp Broadband fax works flawlessly with Optimum Voice.Cablevision sales dept. just lied . Do a google search before you switch to VOIP-many people have fax issues .
 It works like wonder . Operation of sending to email address could not be simpler . Fax is fast , smooth , and clear . The advantages of getting fax in email are numerous . Green to earth , no need to speed money on ink cartridge , eliminates clusters , etc.The only catch is that you have to get it working , which needs a work around if email provider requires authentication.After a few hours of goggling and a few lines of python , I got it working with my yahoo mail . The solution is to run a SMTP relay as listener for the fax machine , which then sends out the fax -LRB- email -RRB- out to email provider after adding SMTP AUTH.It is very convenient once it is working . Besides , it is just cool .
 I brough 13 RB condition from them , $ 36 each and 2 have issue . Follow the RMA procedure and got the repalcement back in 3 weeks . You do n't need to connect it to PC or any other system -LRB- but internet -RRB- , and you can have all incoming fax to your email account . The only missing function is it can not email you the out going fax confirmation and you need to print it out , otherwise , you do n't need to replace the ink -LRB- very expensive $ 38/each -RRB- and do n't need to feed the paper .
 This scans things to email with 2 button presses -LRB- Go , Speed dial entry -RRB- after set-up . My non-English-speaking in-laws use one to send documents from another city to my wife to translate for them . They have no interest in a computer for other uses , so that would be overcomplicated and overkill ; they already had -LRB- slow , cheap -RRB- internet service for when my wife visits . This is admittedly a rather specialized set of circumstances , but there are few-to-no other ways I know to perform this task so easily.It requires a non-authenticating SMTP server to send ; no common email provider offers such a thing . Rather than deal with the bother of setting up and maintaining an SMTP server and the risk of setting up an open relay , I paid -LSB- ... -RSB- their very reasonable rate for service . There are no abnormal limits on what email addresses can receive .
 EmailThatWorks dot net works with the UX-B800SE and maybe the UX-D1200SE , both of which are on sale quite a bit . The company gives a free month of service to try it out and then it costs $ 30 annually , about $ 2.50 a month . To me , this small fee is worth it when the end-user -LRB- without a landline -RRB- , is a computer novice and wants to make scans into PDFs . EmailThatWorks told me that they plan to continue to support POP before SMTP / LB4S / POP AUTH authentication for a long time to come . I 'm not trying to plug this company , but their service works well with this device , especially for others who have struggled to get the UX-B800SE to work with their own ISP .
 Pros
 My son did some research to find a product to meet our business needs as our printer was not scanning easily for sending documents to our clients . When he suggested we buy this machine that faxes normally and can also send a fax by e-mail , I said we would give it a try but was skeptical as to whether it would work and if I could work it . With a short typed instruction sheet from my son for faxing alone and another for e-faxing , I was on my way to the perfect and easy way to do either one . I am so happy with this machine ! Wish I -LRB- or he -RRB- had found it months ago . I highly recommend it to anyone -LRB- especially persons who are not that tech knowledgeable -RRB- .
 I received this product in a timely manner . Set up was very easy and quick . I use it mostly connected to a Vonage line from overseas and it works wonderful . I love the ability to fax to email or email to fax . I have not needed to use this feature yet but love knowing it is there . Great fax machine with some up to date features compared to what is out there .
 Very good deal . Great price and very good working fax machine . came to my house very fast and in great shape
 quick shipper , item as advertised , met my needs perfectly , simple , easy and economical . yes yes yes yes yes
 This machine is great . It took a little time to learn how to use it but the time was well worth it .
 fast service , great device - cheap , does a great deal and does a great job . an overall awesome purchase -
 The Sharp UX-B800SE Fax Machine is everything as advertised . However , it seemed to me that the advertisment was not thorough as it should have been and that it did not give any details regarding the ink cartridge -LRB- not furnished -RRB- and not offered , which was overly expensive and not readily available . After several delays I finally got the cartridge and the machine programed .
 It took me about 3 hours to configure the email setting . There is no detailed info on operational manual . SHARP support hotline could not help me also.You would need to call your ISP -LRB- AT&T ; or Comcast and etc. -RRB- to ask for SMPT server name . Use the server name from your ISP and port number 25 to set up email . Remember , if you are using gamil or yahoo mail , you still need to use smtp server name from your ISP . SMTP server name from gmail -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- will not work . Good Luck !
 I 've used it for about 2 weeks and can say that this phone is pretty amazing . It 's lighter than my Nokia 3361 cell phone , the handset is very ergonomic , and the voice quality is superb . I sometimes find that I have to talk at a lower volume because of the noise cancelling system . The other party hears me crystal clear . The battery life is astounding - I charged it the first time and its been about 10 days . I 've used it for some short conversations and left it in standby otherwise.Pros
 I have found this phone to be near perfect . The quality reception is the best I 've had . I live in a 2 story home and have clear reception from the basement to the 2nd floor . The digital answering feature has worked well.My only complaint would be the lack of a speaker phone . Like most cordless phones , there will be a time when the handset is not around and the phone is ringing . Without a speaker phone at the base you can not answer the phone and must find the handset . Since there is a speaker and a mic at the base I imagine it would be easy to do if Uniden wanted to add this feature to future phones.Overall I am very pleased with the quality I have seen so far ... good luck with your phone !
 As many revewiers have stated before , you 'd be hard pressed to find a better deal . The quality is outstanding , and with this price -- it 's a must . Do n't pay attention to any complaints about interference -- it has nothing to do with the phone 's quality . With any wireless device there 's always a chance it will pick up some noise , but all you have to do is switch it to a different channel -LRB- which is not difficult at all , unless you 're completely technologically challenged -RRB- . Oh , and Caller ID * does * work when connected through a modem . All in all , it 's sleek , it 's inexpensive , and , most of all , it 's reliable . Get one .
 For the price , you ca n't beat the quality . Digital answering machine , cordless , and caller-id is great . Caller-id does not work when connected through a modem which is a slight pain , and sound quality is n't quite as good as my old panasonic cordless , but I 'm not going to complain -LRB- too much anyway -RRB- due to the price I paid . A recommended buy for those on a limited budget .
 Sure you can buy better phone if you want to spend big $ $ , but at -LSB- the price -RSB- -LRB- ... -RRB- this phone is great . I have not notice the dial tone delay as stated by Charlie , may be it is line/location related . I have used the phone for 1 week however I have not used the answering machine as much to give you good feedback . Couple of messages I got were just fine . The phone look good and most importantly it sound great . This is my third Uniden phone and I love it , I used my 900 MHz Uniden for 3 years which I replaced with this one . The old one was still working but it started to look old so I decided to help out the economy and spend some hard earn cash.I gave 4 stars since there are better phone -LRB- Panasonic -RRB- available if you are willing to pay twice for it .
 This telephone by Radio Shack worked better than other , much fancier phones , including two expensive cordless phones with extra handsets , when I had to get a new phone for my new home . The construction of this telephone reflects great engineering ; and it 's very , very reliable for a price that 's very inexpensive these days for a phone . Yes , it is corded ; but wow -- you will find this phone to be an inexpensive favorite in your household anyway when all you really need is a basic phone.The phone , as you can see in the picture above , has big number buttons which are highly desirable for those of us who are elderly or in any way sight impaired . Love it ! The phone also has buttons for mute , call waiting , 3-way calling and even `` last number redial . '' I use the call waiting and last number redial features often and these functions never disappoint me . It also has a knob that lets you switch between touch tone and pulse dialing . I use touch tone dialing as most people do . Moreover , the phone even gives you a mute button -- you can still hear the other person -LRB- or people -RRB- on the other end of the line but they ca n't hear you or anyone else on your end of the line.Need to take a nap and do n't want the phone to wake you up ? Just turn the ringer off by using the knob at the base of the phone -- no more interrupted naps from this phone ! The adjustable call volume gives you another terrific feature.I highly recommend this telephone for people who like big button numbers for convenience or any other reason ; and the extra features give you all you truly need to make this a remarkably well constructed telephone at a ridiculously inexpensive price . The phone takes up little space and it can even be wall mounted to completely save counter space in a kitchen or any other room.How 's about a hand for this one great phone !
 I appreciated I was able to find a refurbished model of this phone . I 'm with a small company and we 're a long way from ready to redo our entire phone system which is what we would have had to do if I was unable to find another phone set .
 I proofread for a living , freelance , pen on paper . -LRB- You 'd be surprised who 's not quite into the digital age yet ! :-RRB- I bought this -LRB- in walnut color -RRB- directly from the manufacturer about 5 years ago and I literally can not imagine working without it.I use it every day I work , all day . I haul it to coffee shops and temp work locations . I have it in a completely unpadded nylon bag with a shoulder strap and end up bumping it into everything and setting it down too hard on concrete floors.There are a few marks pressed into the surface from when I pushed down too hard on a single sheet of paper -LRB- I get sleep deprived at 3 a.m. during crunch time -RRB- , but they 're only noticeable at an angle under direct lighting . There are a few -LRB- astoundingly few ! -RRB- bump marks at the edges . But essentially , five years and nearly 5,000 hours of hard use later , it 's still as good as the day it was made.I found out by accident that they now have an `` editor 's '' ledge add-on -LRB- for thicker stacks of paper -RRB- and an angle adjustment to provide an extra bit of height . And I 'm all over them!My only delay is from deciding if I want to treat myself to a new 25 '' board ... -LRB- It seems silly , when this one is still in excellent shape , but those extra 7 '' ! Three stacks of paper wide ! Hmmm ... would it even still fit on a coffee shop table ... ? : -RRB-
 Awesome phone with a clear answering machine . I bought this as a replacement for a nearly identical model that I had for many years -LRB- still works , but the screen eventually got too scratched -RRB- . All the features I wanted
 This is a very good quality cordless phone . I bought the last one unless Amazon finds some more new old stock hiding in warehouse somewhere . There is a good quality speakerphone in the handset that allows handsfree use . Comparing the specs and manuals this phone appears to be the same phone generally as a Vtech i5867 with more traditional styling , more attractive in my opinion . The sound quality and volume is excellent and the range is good to 200 feet or more . Battery life is good and the batteries are an excellent feature in two ways . -LSB- 1 -RSB- The batteries are not the usually found proprietary plug wired battery pack assembly of small AAA batteries like found in most phones but are standard AA rechargeable NiMH type batteries less trouble and expense to replace , and -LSB- 2 -RSB- the base unit has a spring loaded tray which holds two additional AA batteries which are kept charged and serve as a base backup power supply so the cordless phone will continue to work for about 3 hours during a power failure . Very few cordless phones will work at all , not even temporarily during a power outage . But this phone will . The backup batteries in the base can also be used as spares for the handset . There is a chance the old stock 1400mAH NiMH AA batteries which come with the phone which was discontinued years ago may not still be usable . Mine seem to be okay . It only comes with only the two batteries for the handset . I was surprised and had already ordered the four total needed fresh batteries anticipating new batteries would probably be required . This is a quality solidly made phone which has some weight to it like an old corded land line phone . Granted it probably is a coin toss for the old batteries being maybe good or maybe not , however this phone still has enough redeeming qualities to make it entirely worthy of installing some new AA NiMH batteries whenever they are needed even at the start . I bought several of these phones and two E580-1 extension handsets with base and chargers . The extension handsets are difficult to find , but they are sought after anyway . That says something about the phone . It 's not perfect , but it 's still a good phone in the way of being a solid good quality vintage classic . In my opinion this is a better phone in several respects than the current manufacture phones I have seen for comparison . They just do n't make 'em anymore like they used to .
 This is a great system . I donn ' t know any place you can purchase new in a box for the last couple of years . This phone and base can be used with the E5960C , the base can be used as a charger for a Expandable phone . The phone was originaly around $ 125.00 . AT&T does not sell any 5.8 GHz anymore , but this phone has great reception any many features . I have eight of the phones for several years and had one go bad and I replaced the phone from this system . I would like to add that Amazon should include in the title that this is a E5960C system .
 The one we had like it was zapped with an electrical surge , along with a few other things in the house . We had all the extension bases and needed to get another central system to connect them to . I was glad it was available . The downside of this product is the speaker phone . When the person on the other line is speaking , they can not hear you talking .
 I just use this machine for the basics . It has an answering machine I use and I use the phone . It was easy to install and intuitive to use . The sound is good and no problems for my minimal needs .
 This stand is not only tremendously stable , it rolls easily across our wide variety of floors ; tile , sidewalk , carpet - it rolls across silently . But it does n't roll so easily that you ca n't keep it on its mark .
 Lingo Language Translator is quite useful but a little light on the vocabulary of words . Easy to use .
 First of all , I think I have gotten a lot for my money . I have purchased this for an upcoming trip to Germany , Rome , and Austria . So far , just playing around with it , I think it will work out fine for my needs . I am going to have friends in Germany acting as tour guides , so will not need to heavily rely on the Language Translator , but will be nice to have when on my own . Fairly easy to use with a printed key guide on the inside cover . There are pre-programmed phrases that are categorized and very easy to convert to any of the 8 languages available on the translator . There is also a data bank for storing any additional phrases you may need , which is handy . Although I have not yet used it in another country , I believe it will be a handy gaget to have .
 WE BOUGHT THIS TRANSLATOR FOR A TRIP TO MEXICO TO HELP WITH SOME OF THE WORDS AND PHRASES THAT I HAD FORGOTTEN FROM MY HIGH SCHOOL SPANISH . IT WAS EASY TO USE AND ALSO HAD A MONEY CONVERSION CALCULATOR WHICH WAS HANDY . FOR THE MONEY THIS WAS A VERY GOOD BUY AND I WOULD RECOMMEND IT FOR PEOPLE WITH SOME SPANISH BACKGROUND . THE PRODUCT IS WELL BUILT , HAVING A METAL CASE , NOT PLASTIC AND NICE FEATURES . IT IS WELL WORTH THE COST . AND , OF COARSE , AMAZON SHIPPING IS ALWAYS GREAT .
 I communicate with people from several countries and find that on occasion I fail to remember a word . It is simple to find it on Lingo Global Eight . Even with 64,000 it does not always have the word you want.It is very inexpensive for the job it does.Morrie Trimmer
 This product is really great because you can remove a label that accidentally has a mispelled word or something else that might be wrong . I would recommend them .
 I use it to read and for my laptop , no complain at all . The price is amazing for all it gives . I 'm planning to by another one for my father .
 I bought this product so my wife -LRB- who is ill -RRB- could wear the remote around her neck if she has any trouble . I have a large house , and large yard and can not hear her when I am downstairs or outside.If she pushes the button on the device it will call my cellphone . If for some reason I do n't answer it will call our son 's cellphone . If he does n't answer then it will call 911 or any other number you want to put in it.We have tested it , and it works flawlessly . Hopefully we will never need it , but I feel a lot better when leaving her alone . I would rate this a 10 if they let me .
 I RECENTLY WENT INTO A DIABETIC COMA AND WAS LUCKY ENOUGH TO HAVE A VISITOR COME TO MY DOOR AND LOOK THRU MY MAIL SLOT AND CALL 911 . WENT LOOKING AND GOT THIS PHONE AT A GREAT PRICE . I KNOW IT WORKS BECAUSE I ACCIDENTLY CALLED 911 WHILE SETTING IT UP WHICH RESULTED IN A POLICEMEN COMING TO CHECK . HAD TO CALL THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND RECEIVED TRUELY SUPERIOR RESPONSE .
 These were originally sold at BB&B several years ago and I bought several for medicine cabinet organization . Ended up using some 6 '' for pens and pencils in desk drawer . Not mentioned is that they stack very nicely . Just bought some more at Amazon . Great product .
 THIS IS A VERY STURDY DRAWER WITH A KEY LOCK . EVERYTHING STAYS SECURE . I LOVE THIS ONE . IT IS BETTER THAN YOUR USUAL CHEAP CASH DRAWERS . IT GETS THE JOB DONE . VERY GOOD FOR YARD SALES AND SPORTING/RECREATIONAL EVENTS .
 I love it ! The mouse can go anywhere and the gel pad goes with it . I am not confined to a single position and the pressure on the heel of my hand is gone . Highly recommended .
 Works great for my purposes
 ProsGreat speaker phone , screen , menu system.ConsAnswering machine can only be accessed via the base.The Bottom LineI would not go with any other phone . Nice price for a lot of features.Full ReviewThis is a great phone . I love the great quality speaker-phone . People usually ca n't tell . It has various rings you can setup differently for each phone . You can also assign a custom name to each phone . The back light on the phone works also works good . The phone is easy to make calls from the caller id . Only problem is that it does n't know to add a `` 1 '' for long distance calls . Sound quality is great out of the normal ear speaker of the phone and speaker-phone . You do n't need to stress your voice and yell for the other side to hear you as you do with other brand phones . The three mailboxes are good for those who have multiple people in the house that want their own box . The system has a built in phone book which you can assign names to and look them up like you do with cell phones . One additional nice feature about the phone i like is that the phone book is stored on the base so if you add a phone number using one phone , they other second phone shows that number as well in its phone book . Its also nice to have its Redial which includes the last 5 calls you made . The intercom feature allows you to call between the two phones at any time . The page feature works just as any other remote phone works . The second phone does not need to be near a phone jack which is VERY nice . It just needs to be around a power outlet to charge it when its in the base .
 Excellent range on this phone . No problems using near wireless router with same frequency .
 This chair is comfortable to sit in . Up to this point it seems durable and was reasonable to assemble so I would purchase another
 Best seat I have ever sat on . Replaced last chair that lasted 25 years . Expect his one to last FOREVERWould I recommend it ? You bet . Purchased chair without arm rests . More confortable
 You probably wo n't find a basic office chair like this anywhere else for this price ; the chair is very easy to assemble , wheels are solid and work well , fabric and padding are thick , height easily adjusts , back adjusts in/out .
 Bought this as a Christmas gift 2012 ... As of Dec 26 , recipient said he loves it ... says comfortable and well-built . Some people say chair sometimes comes with arms surprisingly included . This one did not , but did not want an armed chair .
 Comfortable chair and slides well under the above computer desk . Easy to put together , easy to adjust the height etc. .
 Great chair for the money , easy to put together . Works well would recommend to others , professional use or casual does the job
 Easy assembly with only a fairly large screwdriver . Adjustable height and back rest , Seems sturdy and should last a long time
 Off the bat this thing is alot taller and more stable then I thought it would be . A very pleasant surprise on this purchase . Very stable and relatively easy to assemble .
 Very suitable inexpensive office chair . Simple and workable for occasional use . Well padded . Only height adjustment without back adjustment or seat tilt adjustment but for occasional use and for the price this is a very good chair .
 For the price this a quiet nice chair . The seat is comfortable and the adjustment works good . My only diffeculty was getting the lift unstuck after assembly . Had to prod it with a couple hits with a hammer then it worked fine .
 I was pleased with the quick EARLY delivery . The ease of assembly was amazing . I had the chair out of the box and assembled in 10 minutes.I highly recommend this product and I purchased this chair as a birthday gift . I plan to buy another chair for myself .
 This chair is very comfortable and seems to be very sturdy . I am really satisfied and would recommend this desk chair .
 I wanted a chair that would fit in a small space in my bedroom , read the reviews and decided to choose the Boss , well let me say that I am very satisfied with this choice , it is sturdy and comfortable with back support I ca n't complain and the price is rite , I 'm glad that I did n't make a unnecessary trip to Target , Office Max , or Staples . Would recommend this chair with my eyes close ! thanx Amazon !
 Put in my order on the 12th of Jan. , recieved on the 16th . This chair is exactly what l needed.Fits me perfect and have been happy with the service from AMAZON .
 Easy to assemble and working out well for it 's use . Using it at the dining room table rather then the office .
 We were interested in a relatively small chair for the intended use and had looked at dozens of chairs at various prices . This particular chair may not have all the bells and whistles of many others , however it is very comfortable , it is the size we desired and the price was very reasonable . I would recommend it as a very good value .
 This chair is value for your money . The seat is well cushioned and formed to fit your bottom . The back of the chair is supportive and moves with you . Both the seat and the back are adjustable . The fabric is nice and attractive and should wear well . And , you will love this , it is very easy to assemble . There are no screws in the package and the only ones you need are already in place , you just remove them to attach the back and put them right back . It only took me 10 minutes to put it together . If you are looking for a nice quality office chair you will like this one .
 Looks like we have another Amazon product configuration mystery going on here.While I have not received the -LRB- As pictured -RRB- Armless chair , many of the reviewssay it comes with arms ???????? I have included a picture of the chair with arms just so you have something to goby.In researching this chair I have discovered that the B315 standard configuration iswithout arms , but on ALL WEB SITES can be ordered with arms.I will update this review when I actually get the thing as it has been shipped atthis point.Got the chair.This is a good chair and comes with screws for the arms if you ordered it with or without them.If you were lucky enough to get the chair at the no arm price with arms , then you shouldquit your bitching ! You just ca n't please some people , can you?If you sit on an office chair all day long every day of the week -LRB- and then some -RRB- this is notthe chair for you , and you know it ! If you are in this category , look at HON , they have a chair -LRB- that Amazon sells -RRB- just under $ 100.00 that I have been using for 20 years and it is still goodto go.Note
 I bought this chair for my girlfriend , who is 5 ' 6 '' and 120 . For her , this chair is incredibly comfortable and exactly what she needed . I am 6 ' 4 '' and 220 , and for me , it is still comfortable , but a touch on the small side . I use this by means of comparison . If you are big and/or tall , you may want to seek out a larger and more expensive chair . However , if you are smaller like my girlfriend , then this chair will accomodate your needs perfectly -LRB- unless you require armrests -RRB- . It is comfortable , the back rest is set at a good angle for proper posture , and the chair itself is lightweight and small enough to be unobtrusive in pretty much any room . Ours is set up in a corner of the living room where my girlfriend has her laptop desk . So , for the current price point of around $ 60 , i think you cant go wrong as long as you consider your size and weight in proportion to the chair . Smaller person = great chair , larger person = get something else.Enjoy !
 The chair was delivered to me at my job in just a few days . My old chair was ok but too soft , I needed somthing with more support . This is simular to the one I bought a few years ago for my apt . but $ 25 less . Please read the instructions . -LRB- I do n't like to -RRB- and my fault I thought the screws were missing and IF I read the instructions it clearly said make sure you remove the screws from the seat coushion !!! I went a week without putting the chair together -- Then it took me all of 7 minutes to do so . . I learned something ... I guess I can be the first woman to stop and ask for directions while driving BUT not read instructions now at 51 yrs old I am going to ! Thank you . .
 Watching our pennies . Needed a good office chair and found it . Arrived perfectly and quickly and is well made . Hooray !
 The chair is easy to assemble only a power screwdriver is needed . Takes about 5 minutes to put together . The bolts are already mounted on the chair and you have to remove them then screw them back in -LRB- it makes it easier on the packaging and you wo n't get confused of where each screw goes but I wished the instructions made a note of that as initially I thought the screws were missing -RRB- . The seat cushion is FIRM and there is no adjustment in term of height for the back of the chair . Moreover , you can not recline the chair . Overall it suits my needs and is economically priced .
 I homeschool my daughter through a cyber charter public school and find myself spending hours at a time at the computer . I needed something for as cheap as possible that would help my aching back!I usually like to try out furniture before i buy , but I was in a hurry . This came within a couple days , was easy to assemble and is comfortable . The fabric is a low quality but for the price this chair is just as I expected.So far we 've used it daily for several months without issue .
 I am extremely pleased with the quality , comfort , and value of this chair . I bought it for use at my computer and I could not be more pleased with my purchase . Also , I ordered and received the chair two days later , much sooner than expected .
 I bought one of these chairs from Wal-Mart and have had it a year . I use it in my kitchen and it works great . It has been such a good chair , that I ordered another one from Amazon for my office . It is , of course , more difficult to roll around on the carpet , but very comfortable . I ordered another one from Wal-mart -LRB- this time it was a little cheaper there and available in red -RRB- to use in my bathroom instead of a vanity chair .
 Received the chair today . Assembly went quickly , and initial impression is good . Rolls smoothly , the padding is firm , and feels sturdy to sit on . No arms included in this model -LRB- black version -RRB- . Slightly disappointed , but can do without . Should fix the pictures advertising it though -LRB- -1 star -RRB- . Overall , satisfied . A great buy on a budget .
 It was better than I expected . The cushions are thick and comfortable and the chair is bigger than the usual small office chairs . Although it does n't come with an arm-rest , it 's perfectly fine since my hands are always on the keyboard anyway . It 's easy to fix and is very cozy . It 's not the cheapest chair , but the price is definitely cheap for such a fine chair .
 Very comfortable chair . No arm-rests , but that 's okay . I do n't sit at a computer all day so I 'm not using it for long hours . For my needs , this chair is perfect .
 I purchased this chair for a little over $ 50 . When it arrived my 9 year old asked if he could put it together . I left him alone with the chair for about 30 minutes , and when I went to check on him he was sitting on perfectly assembled chair . It is a good deal .
 I love this chair ... it has good support , and a short depth seat , which fits me perfectly at 5 ' 2 &#34; . I 'm not sure if it would work well for a taller person . It was easy to put together , but I did have to have my neighbor loosen one of the screws in order to assemble it . I was n't sure he would be able to loosen it either , but after several tries , he managed to loosen it . The material is comfortable and it works great at my computer table . I 'm very happy with my purchase , and the Amazon price was great .
 I love this chair , easy to put together , looks great and comfortable . I would recommend this product . Great back support to .
 Very comfortable with excellent height with superb seat and back support . Easy to assemble . One of the best office chairs I 've used .
 I bought this chair because the cheap one I had from Target broke down on me pretty quick . At first I was a little worried . The box it was delivered in was pretty banged up . Luckily the screws were already attached to the base so that dispelled any idea that a screw or two might have slipped through the gaping hole in the box . The instructions were pretty straight forward . The only tool you 'll need to assemble this is a screwdriver . Except for me needing to dust it off so far so good . I have been using it for a few days and I 'm happy with it .
 An excellent piece , well designed and executed , easy to assemble , and a real value for the money . My only criticism is that back support could be somewhat better . Otherwise , one of the better home office chairs I have had.UPDATE AT THREE YEARS OUT
 This chair is very comfortable and made of cloth which I find more comfortable for me . It came packed well and was very easy to put together . The instructions were easy and I was using it in a short time . I would buy a chair like this again .
 I 've been using this chair for several months , and so far , it has worked very well . Very comfortable even though the number of possible adjustments is small . There are holes pre-drilled for arms if you wish to purchase them separately . For the money , this is a very good chair .
 I just got this chair today and it 's perfect for my desk . It offers good support , it 's comfortable , attractive , and was very easy to put together ! I 'm very happy with the firm support it gives my back ! Very nice little chair ~
 I bought this chair for the color , I was looking for an accent piece to brighten my bedroom that is still easy on the eyes . I really wanted something without those annoying plastic handles because I 'm clumsy and will sit on/bump into them , and bruise easily . This chair is great , was easy to put together and looks as new after 2 years of use .
 Easy to put together , has a great lean on it for gamers . If you need a new computer chair I recommend this for the price paid it 's well worth it .
 This was a good purchase . It was received as presented . I purchased the blue model . It does not come with arms , although the bottom is set up to bolt them in if purchased separately . Putting it together was simple , it comes with instructions but it is pretty self-explanatory . All you need is a phillips head screwdriver . The screws come attached to the bottom of the chair , so just remove and re-screw with the metal plate attached . I do not expect to spend hours at a time sitting on it -LRB- for that you would probably want a more expensive option -RRB- so for my use it is perfect .
 I use the mouse every day . This does help in keeping my wrist supported . The only drawback is that the gel could be a bit longer .
 This is so comfortable , I just have a hard time keeping it centered on my chair . It likes to slide from side to side . But it eases the tension from my shoulders and forces me to have better posture . I highly recommend this .
 This chair pad has a good feel to it , so long as you have the proper chair for such a pillow . I use a low-back chair with arms , more like what used to be called a secretary 's chair when at my computer . The chair lacks sufficient support when sitting at the computer and can affect how one types because it 's natural for one to slouch , so I think , when in one sitting position for hours in front of a keyboard . This back support helps to maintain improved posture and makes for more comfortable typing and all-round computer work . My sister has the same chair , she uses it when sewing/quilting , I 'm going to get her a HalfBack . I would guess that sitting in front of a sewing machine might bring about the same posture issues as one has when using a computer.There is a short adjustment period , perhaps a couple hours , because I had gotten used to a lack of proper back support and proper body alignment when at my PC ; nonetheless , I felt an improvement in my back from the moment I sat in my chair after attaching the Halfback to my chair . Much like a cinch on a saddle , you 'll have to re-sung the vertical straps a couple times in the first several hours of use . The foam material , if one has a foam-filled chair , may break down a bit from the pressure of the straps . There are no negatives to report on this product . It 's certainly worth the small investment in improving one 's comfort level and posture when working in front of a computer , or sewing , for work or pleasure.Update
 This item looked flimsy at first but so far is working great.Just received it so if there is anything to report later , I will .
 I bought these to replace plastic stacking trays . The plastic ones sagged , and finally broke , under the weight of a ream of paper . Not only do these trays hold a ream easily , they also stack very firmly , creating a solid grouping , in my case of three trays.I do n't know if I would have misunderstood what you received , but I did read the other reviews before purchasing so did not make the mistake of thinking that the price listed was for more than one tray . For how sturdy these are , and how long they should last , I think it is a reasonable price per tray.I am very pleased with this purchase .
 i ordered 3 and they fit tightly when you stack them so they do n't slide apart . lightweight , sturdy , and each one is big enough for a whole ream of paper -LRB- unlike a plastic one i tried -RRB- yes , it 's only one per order , but they are good quality .
 I just love the stacking mesh paper trays that I bought . These trays have a larger capacity than most trays and because they are metal are very sturdy . The best feature is the design used to connect the trays together . It is a very secure connection and these trays NEVER fall apart like those cheap plastic ones . I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a good office organizational product .
 A very useful product . It is easily cut with sissors and you use only as much as you need for each application .
 I have the whole line of these and they look great ! they are sturdy and durable ... they certainly end clutter issues !!! and with style !
 Dresses up the office , and does the job . I 'll keep purchasing these , in multiple colors . Perfect for my husband 's papers and more .
 I purchased 3 of the S45 handsets and a S450 base approx 2 months ago and every phone has performed flawlessly . Before buying the system I read reviews of numerous phones , went to stores to hold the handsets of many of the phones , and reviewed the literature on the manufacturers ' websites . In the end , I bought this phone with the belief that it would probably have issues , but I could always return it to Amazon if it did . Needless to say , the only complaint is from my wife who initially complained that the phones were so robust that it was difficult to figure them out -- while this may seem true , think of these phones as a close relation to a cell phone.Regarding the complaints I have read ; let me address the following ones :1 . ISSUE
 When our Uniden phone broke down after many years of faithful service , I chose the Siemens Gigaset S450 DECT 6.0 system with two extra S45 handsets . The system works flawlessly . I mounted the S450 base in the attic so I would get the widest area coverage . It 's amazing ! We can be inside our neighbor 's home and still receive our phone calls . But this also means I can not use the base to charge a handset unless I open up the attic and climb on a ladder to reach the base . Not a problem since I have two extra handsets each with a charger . No interference with or from our Wi-Fi system , or wireless intercom , or wireless burglar alarm system , or microwaves . I tried the GE DECT system from Wal-Mart and did n't like it . I also tried the Philips DECT system from the BX , and did n't care for that system at all . The Uniden DECT system had an unappealing orange glow backlighting , whereas the Siemens has a color screen which acts as a pretty nightlight using the Sunflower picture -LRB- or the other included pictures -RRB- . The kids love it , and so does the wife . I have nothing bad to say about this system . Plan on spending a lot of money if you choose to buy it . You get what you pay for .
 I bought two of these headsets to worked with the Siemens S455 DECT 6.0 Digital Cordless Phone System with Answering Machine . So far they have work perfectly , and even if the auto-recognition from the base did n't work , linking them up manually to the base was very easy . I like the fact they 're very light , maybe lighter than a cell phone , so you can throw the handset in your pocket without feeling you have a rock , and no need for a hook , although you can use it as it come with oneThe interface is a bit slow , and raising the volume during a call needs to get into a submenu so it is not as easy as pushing a key , and learn to use the interface can get some time as it is not as intuitive , but overall the reception is perfect and it does n't interfere with wireless networks . German minimalism certainly took a toll on accessing some basic functions with one key stroke -LRB- as said above , raising the volume -RRB- , but this is a great phone
 I first bought the Philips system -- very inexpensive and very cheap . Could not hear anything . I 've owned Siemens phones in the past and they are expensive . Broke down and paid the price and it is well worth it . Feature rich , easily programmed and the handset can do everything . You only need the base for charging . Very well thought out and looks good too !
 Siemens phone systems far exceed the technology of any other cordless phone brand , in my opinion . The S45 Extension is easily set-up as a second phone that does not need a phone cable , easily syncs up with the base Siemens phone for copying the address book , etc. . All features work as advertised , able to call from one phone to another . Well built , color screen like the base phone , etc. I plan on buying a couple more in order to have the same phone device in ALL rooms .
 It 's a great phone . I think all DECT 6.0 phones are great but this one take sthe cake . Uses regular AAA rechargables . I will not buy a phone that uses a proprietary battery . Crystal clear voice and the range of reception is outstanding.Two minor problems . If you answer in this phone and someone picks up an extension , this one disconnects . I have the base and one extension . The other problem is very minor . If the time a call is received is between 10PM and 10:59 PM , the time is shown in hexadecimal notation as 0a :00 thru 0a :59 . They have told me they are working on a fix for the disconnect problem .
 This is an excellent product . Performance is exemplary in every regard . The ring selection is broad , ranging from several non-intrusive ringers to a few very agressive ringers . The menu system is mildly counterintuitive but set-up is easy ; I had my system with a spare handset working within 2 minutes of unpacking . Sound is excellent and the headphone jack is well-situated and works well . Range is good to excellent .
 I was fed up with terrible reception on my cordless phone and heard that these Siemens had great audio quality with no interference . That is absolutely true - I can not recommend them enough . Look pretty too .
 I am very happy with the Siemens phone and highly recommend it . The only thing I do n't like is that the screen is on all the time but otherwise is very good and attractive .
 Great phone - have 4 in the house . Easy to install -LRB- plug and go -RRB- . Great quality . No wireless phone buzzing noise . Can walk all over the house as well as outside with excellent reception . Base station has a recorder that works great .
 We own the Siemens Gigaset S45 for over a year now . I have the answering machine base unit plus 3 expansion handsets . Everything has been working as advertised with outstanding range and no interference with any wireless gadgets in the house including wi-fi .
 The phone has excellent audio quality , specially the speakerphone , but be aware of the ` mute button ' elevator music , make sure to turn this off it the opposite what you expect from ` mute ' . If there is a drawback its the ` Call Waiting ' part . Its seems the only time call waiting works as one expects is when you are on an ` internal ' call and receive an ` external ' one.The display is bright and easy to read the instructions pretty clear .
 This is a nice upgrade from the 4210 system . Lightweight with similar functions . One function that appears to have been dropped is a setting to mute the rinnger during specific hours -LRB- e.g. sleep time -RRB- . Also my favorite rinnger sound was dropped . Setting up the ringer directory is much easier with Caller ID . If this is your first Siemens , read the manual for the first few weeks ! That will help you understand all the functions .
 I saw two bad reviews about shipping options and delivery issue but not the product itself . These kinds of reviews are unfair for this excellent paper product . This paper product is used by my former employer -LRB- a large pharmaceutical company -RRB- for laser printing and copying . I never had any issue with it .
 This is a great price on a case of paper and with free Prime shipping it 's even better . The paper quality is better than I expected , smoother than regular `` cheap '' paper . It did take a couple days to ship , but that was indicated when I purchased it , and shipping was free with Prime . The price definitely beats what we can get locally at an office supplies store .
 I was very happily surprised by the quality of this paper . I bought a case just for household use for everyday printing . I was very impressed with the feel and look of the paper and would happily buy for office use and higher end needs as well .
 The paper loads well through both of my printers and I have n't had any trouble with static cling or curling . Great price for a case of paper delivered to my door .
 They were sold out of Xerox 4200 paper , so I bought this . It 's got the same 91 brightness , and 20 lb weight as 4200 . The difference is that 4200 is really smooth on both sides , while this one is a bit grainy on the back side . For one sided printing , it is just as good as 4200 . For two sided , you might notice a bit less quality on the reverse pages , especially with a laser printer . For offices that rarely do two-sided printing , this might be the better value . I say might , because many people are not aware that paper has sides -LRB- felt ; wire -RRB- , which means there 's a 50 % chance it will be loaded incorrectly . To be honest , most people would never notice the difference anyway , but if you want the best all purpose paper , go with xerox 4200 . If you 's rather save a few bucks , go with this . They are both good papers.One other comment
 Reviewing paper in an excited way is like Steve Martin in `` The Jerk '' when the phone book arrived . `` The New Phone Book 's here , the New Phone Book 's here . I 'm Somebody ! '' We 're talking paper here , not a new media player . It arrived , it worked . Big deal . Would I buy it again ... yes .
 Great value for this product . It is very nice to have a whole case delivered . Jam free in my Ricoh so far .
 This paper ended up costing me about $ 4 per ream , which is quite reasonable , all things considered . The paper has the weight that I 'd expect from 20 lb paper , as well as the brightness advertised . It got here with my Amazon prime in 1 day , rather than 2 , and I 'm quite satisfied overall .
 The case of Boise Multipurpose Paper arrived 2 days after ordering , which was sooner than anticipated . The case was NOT damaged in any way whatever , which is contrary to the experience of other reviewers . I am extremely pleased with the purchase .
 I use these paper for home usage . I bought it in bulk to save money later one because I have a lot of family members that will need to use it for school and copying in the end . The quality is good and runs smoothly with my printer.Invest in this bulk packaging and it will save you money and time .
 No , it 's not as fancy as those high-priced presentation boards , but it looks professional with a lot of room to work with . I used small velcro tabs on the back of the items I wanted to post and they stuck well . I 'm very pleased with this item .
 It was great . I was so glad we spent the extra money on this because all of the `` cardboard '' displays were blowing over . I think it worked great and looked good.Thanks : -RRB- Lorie
 I bought these covers because of the previous review . I was sure at some point I would want to `` pull out '' some of the pages after I had bound my report . -LRB- Do n't ask -RRB- . I have a Fellowes Helios 30 binder , and followed the instructions carefully since this was my first time using the machine . The binding process went well . I allowed the cover to ` cool down ' in the holder provided by the machine for this purpose , and found that every page had been securely bound to the cover.Because of the previous review , I expected ` tearing out ' pages to become easier over time . This has not been the case . I 'm not sure what went wrong with the previous reviewer , but my experience has been that the cover has performed admirably well -LRB- as advertised -RRB- . I shall be stocking up .
 I have theFellowes Performance Thermal Binder Helios 60and I use these presentation covers . Mind you , you need to use a little common sense and should n't overload your covers or you will have loose pages that will fall out when you least expect it . I had a ring binder I was using before I obtained a Fellowes and that was easy . I seldom had loose pages or any that fell out , but any presentation work looked like a community cookbook.The trick is to read the directions well when you bind your work or else you 'll end up with problems . I know when I overloaded my cover the pages did fall out . I soon learned , that if possible , to divide my work between two binders if I was uncertain . When binding I also had to make sure that I placed my paper evenly into the cover and as far back against the spine as it would allow . Granted , I did make a few mistakes , but the results looked professional and quite sharp once I was done . My ringbound work is a step down in the presentation department and I reserve that for personal work.Problems you may be experiencing if your paperwork falls out of your presentation cover : * You may have exceeded the capacity of the cover . Check the spine size . Three hundred sheets do n't go in a 1/4 '' cover . * Your papers were not put in correctly . After you fill the cover , tap the spine on a flat surface before binding to ensure proper alignment . * Make sure that you have the proper time setting . An extended timer setting or one that is not enough will make your sheets loose or become unglued easily . * If you leave your work on the heater plate your sheets can loosen.The first time I bound a project , I ended up with most of it on the floor because I did n't follow the directions that came with my binder . I reprocessed one set of sheets and practiced a few times before my work came out perfectly . These covers work wonderfully , but if you 're not willing to follow directions they wo n't work as promised . If you do , they are excellent for any professional presentation .
 Glued a Shelby Logo on a rear deck wing with this stuff . Worked great , but I smeared a little . It says to put the 2 pieces together , then take them apart , then put them back together . I do n't ever remember doing that with the old stuff . ??
 I bought this so that I could have a docking station at home for my work computer . I 've had it for several years now with no issues ; that 's great reliability . Very convenient when you do n't have to have to mess with monitor and mouse and keyboard cable just to work from home without using a notebooks little screen , keyboard , and tiny mousepad .
 I have 3 kids , and 2 computers . I wanted to put my old Inspiron 8600 laptop back into service as a kids computer -LRB- for online games , etc -RRB- . This stand was reasonably priced , and works without any problems ! I am thrilled , and for the cost of the stand and a port replicatorDell D/Port Advanced Port Replicator 2U442 -LRB- additional $ $ , you can find them used -RRB- , I now have a computer for each of my kids
 I had this stand for my work laptop as a field engineer and loved it . When I was downsized and had to turn in all equipment and purchased my own Dell Laptop I really missed the ease of use at home . I purchased this stand and the docking station and I am back to being spoiled again . Everything plugs into the docking station and the stand , Keyboard , Mouse , Speakers , Lan-Net Cable , and Monitor . you do n't even have to open the laptop , snap it into the slot on the docking station and press the power button on the stand and everything is on & connected . Best home laptop setup ever !
 My wife works out of her laptop . This stand allows you to rest her 22 '' monitor right on top . All the cords flow right out the back . The stand is extremely sturdy . I 'm sure it could even hold a larger monitor . Another great product by Dell .
 Have had this model for 6 + years and it continues to serve like brand new . Extremely well built - Given what I paid for it in 2004 , the price here is a real -LRB- steal -RRB- deal , especially given that the stand can be expected to last for decades -LRB- not something one usually says about `` office equipment '' -RRB-
 I love this phone system ! The only problem I have had with it , is if you try to hold it in the crook of your neck to make your hands free , it 'll disconnect . Because of that , I am looking for the belt clip for it so I can use an earphone . Does anyone have a belt clip for this unit ?
 I got this phone years ago & if you still have a land line , you will love this phone : -RRB- Dennis
 Great coverage around the house and yard , easy to set-up -- got my 79 year old mother to get the same product and she set it all up with no troubles .
 This is a great phone . I have never had any problems with it at all . Has an awesome speaker phone which is a huge plus for me . I would recommend this model to anyone and the price is definitely right
 `` All About Me '' posters are an awesome way to kick off a new school year . Not only do you get to learn a lot about the students ' lives , you get a look at their writing skills . The students enjoy the activity and the parents love the finished poster . When the posters are complete hang them in the hallway for other students to enjoy . The posters are a hit for everyone !
 I use this in my classroom every year . Create a graphic organizer before allowing students to write directly on the poster . Parents love it , and students enjoy telling about themselves.It was also a few dollars less than Scholastic 's price .
 I am a fourth grade teacher and bought these for my class to complete for open house . They spent the first couple of weeks of the year working on drafts and then writing and drawing on their posters . They brought in pictures of themselves to add to the poster . They loved it !! I hung them up around the room and parents loved them , too . I was planning on sending them home after open house , but we all loved them so much that I have kept them up . It creates a real sense of belonging and community in the classroom .
 I liked the topics of what the students were asked to write about . I took those topics and had the students use publisher and type in their information and we had a newsletter about our students in our class .
 I have used this product for six years with my third grade class . The children love to create a `` masterpiece '' to introduce themselves at the beginning of the year . Parents enjoy helping their children find pictures and correct spelling and punctuation . They make an impressive presentation when all 26 posters hang in the school hallway . As always , Scholastic products provide reliable quality and service . The combination of Scholastic and Amazon enhances both companies .
 This chair is a treat , unlike the review who said `` the arms are garbage '' , he is completely wrong . This chair rocks lol . A student chair ? I am 70 years old aand am so pleased with this comfortable computer chair.Ok so I got the delivery 4 days after ordering . Nice > Out of the box assembly was a treat because each screw was in the exact hole and all I had to do was remove and attach to the part as I followed clear instructions ! Now I am sitting in my comfortable puter chair and I do not know where that other review is coming from , some hidden agenda I suspect against products made in China perhaps . I would tell anyone to get this nice office chair!Oh , and of course the chair back moves back for your comfort.The seat is cushioned enough for my180 lb body , guess it might be a problem for those 350 pounders !
 God blessed me with a little money so I was able to buy some things . I love my chair . It 's always been my dream to be in the Executive 's seat . This chair helps me keep that dream alive . Thanks Amazon !
 Beautiful verses and illustrations . The kind I love to give to special family and friends . I hope there will be more of her cards !!
 Arrived promptly in very good condition . Card stock of very good quality . Very lovely cards .
 Love these cards . 20 different designs so you get a lot of choice matching card to recipient . Very fun to send cards and notes when they are reasonably priced .
 Well , of course , I knew that Leanin ' Tree cards would not disappoint , but you are smiling at the artwork before you even open the card with this adorable set . Most of them are for birthdays , a few are get well cards , and I believe there is a thank you card as well . I love to keep cards on hand , and I have several , but I think these will be among my favorites to send .
 These were the cutest cards I 've bought in ages . Great service from seller and as I just wrote , just love the cards !
 These are wonderful ! So original , amazing detail and touching words . I feel special sending them to friends and use them for important moments that a typical cord wo n't do .
 These are beautiful cards . Artwork is amazing . The sayings are angelic and spiritual . I 'm proud to give them to people and always get great comments about them .
 Most beautiful cards i have seen . Wonderful sayings inside . I look forward to sending these out to friends and family
 I got this set to be able to have cards available all year round ! Its been so nice not having to run to the store last minute for a card ! What a talented artist !
 3 years ago , in Calc 1 , I accidentally left my TI-83 in the classroom , and was never able to find it again . I had a test , and needed something , so ran to the university 's book store , and had to choose between this for $ 10 and some TI calculator for $ 40 . They looked almost identical , and I wanted the TI , because I knew they were a good brand , but I was poor and had to `` settle '' for this one . I was worried it would be cheap and limited and I 'd have to buy another more expensive one later.Fortunately , I was wrong . This calculator is light , easy to use , and does everything I needed it to do . It is easy to read , responsive , aesthetically designed so that using it is enjoyable . It is a good size so that it is not clunky and heavy like the graphing calculators.I used it for the rest of Calc 1 , then all of Calc 2 , and all of Calc 3 , and Engineering Statistics , and Discrete Math 1 and 2 . Now I 'm using it for physics 1 , and I was looking at it thinking `` I should go 5 star review this thing `` I do n't know what the guy who gave it 2 stars was doing to get it to fade and break , but I have given mine a _ ton _ of use . When I was in Calc 2 , I was doing math 10 hours a day -LRB- I 'm obsessive -RRB- you can go look it up , I have over 700 posts on Math Help Forum -LRB- internet site , ca n't put URL 's in Amazon reviews -RRB- . That entire time , I was using this calculator.Also , he is foolish to whine about the + thing not kicking out an immediate answer , this allows you to see the context of where you are , and to edit your calculation , you can go back and fix a mistake , you can modify it after you get your results -LRB- it remembers your calculation , you can peruse and edit your history -RRB- . You can save yourself tons of work if you use this well , and have a record of what you 've put in so you can double check your work.My only complaint is that when dealing with irrational numbers , it is n't smart enough to simplify fractions . ie it can tell you that 20/25 is 4/5 but not that -LRB- 20 Pi -RRB- / 25 is -LRB- 4 Pi -RRB- / 5 . Also , it considers negative to be different from a minus , which is weird for a while.Other than that , it does everything I needed it to
 Absolutely top-of-the-line calculator for basic science courses . College-level physics , chemistry , biology , statistics -- this works just fine . For more advanced math -LRB- say , 300-level and above -RRB- you may want to consider something higher , and , of course , more expensive . Great value for the money , and rock-solid plastic build !
 THE BUTTONS ON THE CALCULATOR ARE NOT SMALL , THE BRAND BRINGS IT UP ANOTHER NOTCH .
 I 've been using Avery index tabs for years and they are a quality , but expensive , product . These 24 sets are the best price I know . The only negative is they do n't get in sets like they do in the small packs . So the 1 's are together , all the 2 's etc. . So it 's a bit of a pain to put the sets together , but not a deal breaker .
 I recieved the six ring binder and was very happy with the product . The colors maintained a deep rich hue . The binder is very elegant and classy . I recieved lots of very unexpected comments on the binder . Well worth the money ...
 It works okay although not as heavy as I expected . I never know what weight should be ordered , but these will work .
 When I bought a new photo printer , I did n't realize how complicated paper selection could be . I just wanted `` normal '' 4x6 paper that would make good prints . In browsing , I came across paper with extra handling tabs that had to be removed , overly thin paper , etc. . The Staples paper ended up being just what I wanted
 Really impressed with this paper . Much better than HP premium paper and an excellent price , too ! . Images dry quickly and are sharp and clear ,
 I read the other views for this product and decided to give it a try . It worked as good as the paper I use only cheaper . I recommend this .
 60 photo glossy paper sheets for only 1 cent ? AMAZING and THUMBS UP ! you all should buy it because it is just of the same texture and same glossiness as the other expensive photo glossy paper ones . shipping and handling costs 4.99 dollars but hey it is still way way cheaper than the expensive photo papers ! i recommend you guys buy this product . you will not regret it
 Of all the pricey photo paper I have used , this prints the most vivid pictures as long as it is allowed to dry properly .
 not sure how they do it . But I am happy to pay 1 penny and $ 4.00 s & h for this paper . the paper is just fine for regular photo printing and you just ca n't get it cheaper anywhere else .
 It is Tuesday . And I 'd really like a hamburger.The image of that rolled into a pocket chart for writing a paragraph amuses me . As a teacher.I can see the topic sentence as the meat . Supporting sentences are certainly cheese , onion , lettuce , concluding sentence must be the bun . I do n't quite get the chart ... you can see . -LRB- With the pickles and catchup and mayo and whatever just who knows , penmanship , organization , tasty word choice?I read a discourse piece last night on metaphors . This one is starting to get a bit greasy.I 'm not sure if I want to teach that writing a paragraph is a hamburger , just in words.What is like a hamburger ? Hum.Well I do love to eat them . I would kill for one right now , sad to say.How shall I love thee gentle burger , let me bumble through the ways.I can count thy seed and thrill to thy scentThat mocks me now , as I sit sweatingHere in the deepest heat of summer , you flame and broilAcross the way wafting in , to remind me of your juicy patty , As I , trapped by tasking masters and their fumes , consider yourMayo 'd breast so gently held beneath your bunsAnd coyly peeking out , your tomato and pickleInnocently shaded there , on a lettuce bedAh cheese , you toy with the onion sliced so thinTo sheath this succulent treat , my wanderingEye imagines us together , devouring , rapt within our love 's flow.Hamburger as I lay here wanting , A choir suggests I get into the car and chase this dream , or get a room.Cause it 's getting late and the pocket chart looks good enough to taste.Time to call it a day , this chart might work if you are doing a bit of comedy .
 I bought this for my brother-in-law for his college graduation . It looks better in person than in the picture . I was very happy with the product and the service . Highly recommended .
 I purchased this electronic dictionary a year and half ago for my mom to learn new English words . The one that I got worked fine ! And it 's still working fine . My mom loves it ! And she learned a lot of new English words .
 When i received this item , it 's looked so nice . Very good functioning . It helps me a lot in English . This is a good choice in Chinese-English dictionary .
 ISBN
 This PDA does everything that is really necessary for a PDA to do . It keeps track of appointments , it has a thesauraus/dictionary/translator , it converts currency or measurements . It is a little difficult to read the screen in some light ; however it 's price is excellent . It is very compact , which is another feature I appreciate . Unlike most other personal PC 's or PDA 's this fits into a pocket and is virtually un-noticeable . The stylus pen works well overall if you do n't need the flash and just need the basics this is a great product .
 The RF-8130 does alot of things.It has about a third of the spaceas a Palm m100 . The only drawback is the back-lighted screen . Itis somewhat dim , about as bright as an Indiglo Timex watch display.And , of course , this was the main reason why I chose topurchase this model over the RF-8120 which has no backlighting.Overall , it is worth the price , though .
 Great Box to make IP Phone Lines into POTS!Really a great invention for Broadcast Jobs and Cisco is awesome !
 Excellent item ! This is really an amazing item that anybody could buy for their very own personal time and pleasure .
 I use these frequently in my Speech Therapy office . I love that they stay put and that the sticky part of the tab is transparent . These arrived super fast and as expected .
 These are my favorite flags since there are 5 colors -LRB- the others do n't usually include orange -RRB- . The packaging can be clipped onto my bookmark and the flags will still `` pop up '' . The package is thin enough so it wo n't break the spines of hardcover books when the book is closed . I use these while I 'm reading or researching and the colors are nice so I can color-code quotes , websites to look up later , important points or passages ... later I can go back and get to them much more easily knowing which color corresponds to which data . -LRB- Yes , I am a geek . -RRB-
 What can I say ? They work and they work well . The colors of each flag are bold wich makes it very easy to noticeably find notes and highlighted pages . They remain in place well unlike some others that are pulled off or tear easily . Also , while they stick well , they remove cleanly and for me , have not cause pages to rip . I am glad to have found a pack that has five colors as many others only have four . Overall , excellent buy .
 I use these in my school textbooks and in my cookbooks . They work perfectly for my needs . Bright , multi-colored , easy to apply and remove .
 I had recently graduated from college , and during that time I had use these post its for books , textbooks , folders , and organizers . Now , I use them mainly just for reading books . I usually read 2-3 books a month and these post its are a nice little convenience when it comes to organizing the book for easier reference later . It also looks nice , colorful , and stylish with the vibrant colors.I like how it gives me versatility for books , textbooks , folders , etc. , and looks great when used.If you 're going to be organized , why not look stylish while doing it?Highly recommended .
 Good tabs for books . They are reusable . They pull easily from glossy pages but I have n't used on recycled or novel type rougher paper -LRB- I do n't think it would work well on those -RRB- . But for cookbooks , magazines , and other glossy pages it works fine !
 Not much to say about these , the colors are great , they are small and work perfectly for marking pages . I 'm using these for college books and they come in handy all the time . Would recommend these highly . One thing , remember these are thin , not thick ... maybe too thin for some .
 I use these sticky-tabs all the time in books when studying for school . They hold well , and you can write on them with a pencil .
 I use these in my cookbooks to mark my favorite recipes or some I want to try ! They are removable so I can use them over and over . You can also write on them , great little flags !
 These work great for marking my cookbooks . Wish I had bought these a long time ago . Love that they come in such a variety of colors , too .
 These tabs came exactly as they look in the picture and work excellent for tabbing my Bible . The work great and I bought markers to match these colors .
 Pendaflex 42620 Ready Tab Reinforced Hanging Letter Folders , 1/3 Tab Cut , Green , 25/boxGreat idea and saves a lot of time . However the glue that holds the tabs were not sufficent and I had to use reinforcements . But it is a super idea that can save a lot of time . Please get Pendaflex to use a stronger glue then it will be perfect!For that reason alone I had to rate it a 4 star.Mary , A Re/Max Realtor
 To comment on A.J.Bracuti 's complaints :1 . This phone operates like a cell phone . You do n't have to scroll through the whole `` phone book '' contact list ; just key the first letter of the contact name and it jumps to that alphabetical position , then you may have to scroll from there . But you can minimize that by prefix letters ; eg all my take-out restaurants have RST < space > as the first four letters . I like it better than the 9-entry scheme . With appropriate letter prefixes you could emulate a 9-entry list .2 . I too was disappointed that there apparently is n't even a non-standard wall plate with the required mounting-lug spacing available , and in the installation instructions there is no specific mating wall plate identified . -LRB- The ATT wall phone this replaces did have two optional spacings
 Good looking phone , with the stainless steel look , green numeric display and red message counter . Mounts flush against the wall , dose n't `` stick out '' like many other wall mount phones . Good basic phone and digital answering machine with just enough features without being too complicated . It may cost a bit more , but like I said , it looks good on the wall .
 I have purchased several wall phones only to replace them for many different reasons . This phone combines many great features , ease of use and styling into one great package . My only complaint would be the owners manual which you need the space of a `` football field '' to open it up and read . It is a shame that GE decided to implement their manual in this fold out fashion instead of an actual manual.That being said , the phone itself is worth every penny - and that is one of the best features of all ! This phone will not break the bank .
 The last few cordless phones we had would n't have any reception even in our back yard . this phone is great and I can work in the yard or garden and still be able to answer the phone !
 Although not truly stainless on one will be able to tell . This is a very functional phone , good sound clarity and a very low profile when wall mounting which was one of our top criteria . It has survived a number of `` drop '' tests . The only downside is the instruction manual which is nearly worthless for programming .
 I am very happy with the product . clear reception and no interference`at all . looks very stylish . i would definitly recommend it .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . It 's plastic , not stainless steel , but that 's ok . It looks like steel . In addition , the battery lasts a long time , the sound is clear . I did n't need the answer machine , but all of the `` hubs '' come with an answer machine . I am reasonably satisfied with this purchase .
 i purchased this phone 2 days ago , as i like the style.buying this phone at walmart was alot cheaper than to buy online.so far all is working fine . good phone .
 Very stylish looking phone.Very sleek look goes well with stainless finishes in our kitchen area . Best feature , it hangs on the wall . I looked all over for a phone/answering machine that could be hung insted of taking up the limited space I have on my kitchen desk . The drawback of this phone is it is a little difficult to program . All features are programed from the handset and the menus on the phone are somewhat difficult to find and the directions are a bit confusing . Not the easiest phone/answering machine I have owned but I would recomend the product none the less .
 This phone looks great on our wall . We dont use it much so I dont really have much to say about it . The only thing is that I wish it had an adjustable ring volume because when the phone rings it is way too loud and needs to go down a bit . Other than that I recommend to anyone looking for a not so expensive nice looking phone to hang on their wall .
 We found this to be the only stainless steel cordless phone on the market which covered the wall mounting plate . It is a beautiful addition to our recently remodeled kitchen .
 We have been looking for a very long time for a cordless wall phone that looks like it belongs on a wall ! It seems everything built today has to stand up and protrude out from the wall . I 've always been a big AT&T fan but decided to try this GE based on it 's features and appearence . An added star goes to them for adding a built in DSL filter . Why has n't someone else thought of it . At this point we 're very pleased with it . It is plastic and not stainless steel but I 'm not planning to drive nails with it , just talk on it . A + to GE for this one .
 We needed a phone in the kitchen and this looked to fit the bill . It 's not Stainless Steel , but it is painted to look stainless steel . Yes , from a distance it 's looks like stainless steel . It does looks great in my Stainless Steel Kitchen . The sound of my calls are decent .
 I got this a few days ago to replace an old -LRB- analogue tape based -RRB- answering machine , and am happy with it . It looks nice and seems to work well . Setup was relatively easy -LRB- be aware that you are supposed to charge the handset for 14 hours before using it , and you ca n't really set up the machine without it -RRB- . Incoming and outgoing sound quality is fine , remote operation of the answering machine works without a problem -LRB- so far -RRB- , and overall I 'm pleased with it . I especially like the way it mounts on the wall ; unlike some reviewers , I had no problems once I figured out that you have to keep the cords out of the way , and I put mine on a standard wall mount -LRB- granted , one that I painted black to match the base of the answering machine -RRB- . The ring is a little odd -- more like a cellphone ring -- but nicer than my old phone . Yes , it is plastic and not stainless steel , as other reviewers have complained about , but come on people
 Dect 6.0 looks good and sound is great . Range between wall mounted unit and hand-held is far greater -LRB- 150 + ft. -RRB- than `` 5.8 G '' phones we have . And YES , it easily fits on any std wall mount . Lower mounting pin fits into the very bottom because the whole phone is smaller than older ones . Clock and caller I.D. are big and easy to see from 15-ft away . We are well satisfied .
 I 've read other reviews about how difficult this phone is to set up , program and hang on the wall . Well , I 'm here to tell you I love my new stainless steel finish phone . It was easy to set up , it was easy to program , and I had no trouble hanging on the wall . The only con to this phone is the `` chirping '' ringtone . But once your used to it , it 's fine !! I love the way the phone looks in my kitchen , it matches my stainless steel appliances . I also love that you can hang your answering machine on the wall without it teetering or sticking out so far . L O V E IT !!!!!!
 Contrary to the review that it does not mount on a standard wall mount , I had no such problem ! No modification necessary . The clarity of the recording is a welcome change from some OTHER phones.Range is good too !
 The phone has excellent range and clarity , and mounts flush to the wall . But the DSL filter is a separate beige dongle that according to the instructions you 're suppose to use the enclosed double sided tape to stick on top of the phone ! I ca n't imagine anyone would do that . They really need to integrate it into the base . Fortunately Verizon gave me a base plate cover with DSL filter built in .
 Phone does everything it was advertised to do . It easily mounted to the wall and the included DSL filter is a nice touch . Sound is crisp and clear . The red LED showing the number of messages will wash out in bright sunlight . The range of the unit is more than acceptable and there is no interference from or to the numberous other wireless devices in the home .
 This is the one and only stainless looking phone that is easily wall mounted . They have thoughtfully included a short cord to use when attaching to the wall plate . The reception has been good so far and the large caller id screen is a bonus .
 Just received the phone this week along with three additional handsets . The phone looks GREAT with the rest of the stainless steel appliances in my kitchen and the rest of the handsets look classy throughout the house . It is a little smaller than I imagined but it works great and was easy to program . I am giving it four stars rather than 5 because it is NOT stainless steel , it is plastic , but it still looks great . I imagine stainless steel would be very heavy but this phone is very light . I am enjoying it very much after using a corded phone for 2 years in this house . I would definitely purchase again .
 I 'm overall satisfied with the exception that it does not have a provision for a head set .
 This is a decent phone - However , it 's true , it is lightweight and cheap feeling , but it looks good . Anyways , it works fine . My favorite part about it is that you can adjust the volume of the handset AND the base - I have a baby at home and I live in a small house and I love how quiet I can make the ringer so it does n't disturb my little one . IF YOU HAVE A BABY - THIS PHONE DOES NOT WAKE THEM ! Priceless !
 There are n't a lot of choices out there for true wall mounted cordless phone . This one seems to do everything we need it to . I 've seen some bad reviews on the phone , but it has done everything I 've needed it to . . Make calls , pick up calls and record missed calls . That 's about all I expected it to do and it does . Any moron could mount it and make it function . It 's chrome finish matches everything else in the kitchen , and it makes my wife happy ... enough said !
 After searching long and hard for a wall mount wireless -LSB- why does no one manufacture these ???? -RSB- I found this model . It is a basic phone with basic functions but works as advertised . I have n't had any volume problems and the clarity is good . Time will tell , however , as a kitchen phone takes a beating and this phone , although it looks fine , is VERY light and does n't feel too robust . I just wish I could have found a phone that fit in with our appliances . Now my wife says we need stainless finish appliances !!!!
 Good looking phone with nice keypad , not complicated , with clear answering feature . GE always comes through .
 The sound is not as clear as I had hoped but is still satisfactory . It is very compact and looks good . It is not staonless steel but is plastic with a stainless looking finish . Installed very easy as it fit my wall plate perfectly .
 The product was relatively easy to program , very user friendly to retrieve and delete messages and looks great in the kitchen .
 works well , daughter wishes the numbers lit up . hangs up nice on wall that was a much needed amenity in our house
 We really like the phone and the quck delivery we had . The phone can be used from as far away as 200 feet from the base .
 I 'm overall satisfied with the exception that it does not have a provision for a head set .
 Like many people we were looking for a cordless phone with answering machine that we could mount in a attractive manner on the wall of our kitchen . This phone from GE is the only one I could find that can sit flush against the wall.For some reason this phone does not fit the standard wall phone jack on which you normally hang a wall mount phone -LRB- the kind with mounting studs that stick out from the wall -RRB- . GE does not mention this in their literature . If you try to use the standard wall mount jack only one of the two screws heads will fit in the slots on the back of the phone and the phone will wiggle around . I did figure out a solution though . The spacing between the mounting slots on the phone is 3-5/16 '' -LRB- instead of the standard ~ 4 '' -RRB- which the same as the spacing between the screws that are used to mount the phone jack itself to the box in the wall . So I replaced my existing phone jack with one that lacked mounting studs and had screws visible -LRB- no snap-on cover plate -RRB- . I did not fully tighten the screws that attach the phone jack to the box in the wall , leaving just enough room for the phone to slide on . The result is that our phone now sits tight to the wall.Have not had the phone very long -LRB- 1 week -RRB- . The sound quality is good . We like that it displays the number of messages on the machine . Also , the ringer volume can be adjusted to be anywhere from very quiet to quite loud . One minor complaint -- if you push the pager button on the base unit -LRB- perhaps to locate a misplaced handset -RRB- , all handsets will beep loudly until a button is pushed on any one of the handsets . This could be a problem if one of your handsets is located in an area where someone is sleeping .
 Got the phone set up and installed last week . Hey , it 's a basic phone which is all we need . As others said , it 's hard to find a wall phone anymore and the fact that it blends with our other stainless is great . Yes , the instruction sheet format is goofy , but that is no reason not to choose this phone . They are easy enough to understand .
 I got this about 1 month ago . It 's easy to program , sounds good and even looks good . I read in one review that said `` Ithough it was real stainless steel '' WHAT ! It 's a phone not a Grill . I did n't give it 5 stars only cause i have n't had it very long . Buy it and give a job to a fourth grader in China .
 I knocked off one star because of the stiffness of the handset buttons . Otherwise the phone is easy to use , works fine , and is rich in functions . I 'd readily recommend it . Three tips : - The phone accomodates both close and standard spacing wall mount lugs ... although standard spacing is not obvious . The lower mounting plate lug fits below the phone 's lower `` keyhole '' opening . - The security code setting instructions do n't tell you to delete existing digits before entering new ones . - The handset Flash/Exit button seems to be the universal get-back-to-home button .
 This is a very good phone . It can only do one thing at a time , it CAN `` T MULTI TASK ... If someone is on the phone you can not check caller ID or look at your phone book from another hand set . also you ca n't listen to the answering machine while on the phone . So just to say it simply , It ca n't multi task .
 If I do n't have anything bad to say about it , it 's a dam good phone .
 I love my new phone ! The stainless steel looks especially good in my kitchen .
 The product was a very nice looking phone and would have went nicely with my new kitchen but I did not realize i needed a wall socket to run the answering machine and i had none where the phone was going I sent the phone back.it came to my home fast befor promised and I had no trouble what so ever sending it back would do business with them over again
 I tried the V-Tech slim phone-no battery life whatsoever . This is a great phone . Very good battery life on this one . No interference . My only complaint is it does n't automatically show if you received a call . You have to move the down arrow to view . No big problem , though . This is the best phone I ever had .
 Nice design . Works great for me . Can hear people fine and have had no complaints from the people I 'm talking too . I enjoy the speakerphone feature and how its located on the phone , not the base so you can be in any room .
 Have had this phone for a few months with 2 extra extensions . Like the slim design and `` cool '' blue light . Best feature for me is the speaker-phone which plays quite loudly and can be heard by the rest of the family w/o trouble . I also like the fact that you can assign the ringer to other family members ... when the wife calls me it is the `` William Tell Overture '' . I come in with Bach 's `` toccata and fugue in d '' . In silent mode , the phone lights up in blue only ... nice in the home theater room so as not to be disruptive . All in all , sound quality is fair-good and the units diminuative size is nice ... just be careful not to sit on it if left on the couch !
 Our company has currently adopted this brand for our business cards . The color is white , the paper accepts the ink well , and the cards separate cleanly . The linen adds a nice texture so it does n't look like simply card stock . I wish it was a little thicker though . The final product is almost as good as something from an expensive printing service .
 These business cards for inkjet printers are great . They are easy to make and have a cool professional textured feel to them . They work well in inkjet printers which I 've tried and their software available online is easy to use and great for getting your name and contact info out or promoting an event or product .
 The Avery labels were exactly as advertised . I have used them for years and they always work well .
 Items arrived as described - brand new - great price - fast ship . THANK YOU !
 It has been 6 years since I printed on this Avery product and I was impressed with the improvement . It is a fairly thick stock so they wo n't bend as easy but the perforations make it a clean edge when separated . Not meant to pass as a professionally made business card but will suffice for the interim .
 these were hard to find at local stores -LRB- office max , staples - ect -RRB- i used these before and liked the results . the price was very good , and i did n't have to go looking -LRB- shopping -RRB- for it .
 This product allows me print two sided business cards . this option is not available in my area.shipping was fast and the item was securely packed . good job and a great buy .
 this is a great product to make labels - template very easy to follow , easy to put the sheets in printer . highly recommend .
 I ordered the Avery 8873 to replace my old card stock . The previous Avery product had a plastic film backing that gave it a professional feel but printing could only be done on one side . This current product allows for double-sided printing and is only slightly thinner weight compared the old stock . The option to print on both sides are good for adding QR codes or larger logos on the back.The laser cuts on these sheets make it easy break off each card , leaving clean edges . I do n't use the Avery templates , just Word or OpenOffice -LRB- LibreOffice -RRB- to lay out my business cards and print one column at a time -LRB- I flip over the sheet and print the second column of cards -RRB- . Sometimes the Word or OpenOffice documents lose their pagination when dealing with graphics . To get around this , I print to pdf first -LRB- cutepdf is free -RRB- before I print out the business cards on the Avery sheets .
 Attention Facebook and Twitter users
 I was so amazed with these Avery Templates . My HP printer could print both sides , I liked the results
 I wanted to make business cards at home , that looked and felt good , and that would allow a great color photo picture to be used on the card with my information . I selected theAvery Linen-Textured Two-Side Clean Edge Business Cards for Inkjet Printers , Matte , White , Pack of 200 -LRB- 08873 -RRB- - and after working with templates and WORD to design my card , I 've been really happy with the results.My cards are full color , one sided -LRB- even though you can print on both sides of these -RRB- . The `` linen '' texture is only on one side , but if you print a nice color picture on the texture side with your business/contact information -LRB- my card has a color picture that fills the whole card space -RRB- then leaving the back white actually makes the card look even sharper , in my opinion.I tried to print my high quality photo -LRB- with information -RRB- on these cards using a laser printer , anHP Color LaserJet 1600 Printer , and I was not happy with the photo quality on these cards -LRB- or on any stock for that matter -RRB- . So , I am using a color photo inkjet now , and I 'm really happy with the results . My inkjet is not too fancy , aCanon PIXMA iP6220D Photo Printer , but the results look really nice . I use the highest quality photo print setting , and I tell it that this paper is `` matte photo paper '' and it all works!The laser perforated edges on all four sides of the cards snap away cleanly . You do n't rip or cut or tear these cards apart , you print them , and snap them apart . This worked much better than I would have imagined . You can not see the that these were snapped apart - the final product looks great.Why not 5 stars then ? I wish these were just a tad heavier . They are not cheap or flimsy as some reviewers suggest , but they are not as stiff -LRB- thick -RRB- as some cards . Maybe if they were thicker , they might not print as well in the low-end photo printers .
 I 've used these cards for a while now and like them a lot.The print quality is good , although I think a lot of this has to do with the quality of printer you use . I am using a Canon Pixma MP620 and I am printing only black & white one sided . The linen texture is not pronounced enough to interfere with printing , at least of simple graphics . The thickness of the card is perhaps a little thinner than professional cards but not a lot . They are stiff and rigid like a professional business card would be.For me the best part is that I can create my own card layout -- and I can change it as much as I like . Unlike professional services that require a purchase of 500 or so , I can print 10 at a time -- or even one ! I can print a sheet of all the same design , or a different design on every card on the sheet.I highly recommend buyers download the free Avery Design Pro software -- Microsoft attempts to copy Avery 's templates but they always are a little off and you will experience ` creep ' in the alignment of the card and printing if you try to use MS Word instead of Avery 's software . The Avery software is free and available in both mac and PC formats . Much like MS Powerpoint , the Avery software has ` preset ' templates with text boxes and graphics that require little manipulation -- or you can delete it all and design your own from scratch ! Be aware that when purchasing two-sided products like this , the preset templates will also be two-sided so be sure to choose the ` back of sheet ' feature to preview , modify , or delete any backside graphics before printing -LRB- or you 'll end up with an entire sheet of INSERT NAME HERE cards -RRB- .
 Very impressed with the quality . Those given cards commented on how much they looked like professionally produced business cards.The reviews indicating ink bleeding and texture on only one side are likely for an old version of the product . My ink jet -LRB- Canon Pixma MP970 -RRB- produced very clear and fine fonts in color . The cards are textured on both sides and can be printed on both sides .
 This is a great product . Many of the previous reviews refer to the older product . The current 8873 works great , is textured on both sides and with a good printer , prints on both sides . For the best results DO NOT use MSWord . As usual , Word has bugs -LRB- which are the cause of most of the formating problems other reviewers mentioned -RRB- , and some of them show up when using the Avery templates -LRB- mail merge is one of them -RRB- . Instead , download Avery 's free software , DesignPro -LRB- unfortunately this does NOT work with Vista 64 bit , but does with other Vista versions -RRB- , from Avery ... http://www.avery.com/avery/en_us/Templates-%26-SoftwareYou'll find templates for all of their products , plus a custom design mode that allows you to build projects from the ground up if you ca n't find a template you like .
 It had been years since I first printed on Avery business cards . Back then , those cards would show the perforations . And , it had no special finishes to make them look professional . So , they basically looked like something cheap that I printed at home - which they were but ... this made them useless to me.Now , I needed to generate some personal business cards , and noticed the upgrades - No perforations ... really ? Photo quality ... yes ? Print on both sides ... ok . And also a linen texture ... for inkjets ??? Ok , I 'll try it again.I 'm glad I did . These cards are fantastic !! I printed them on my HP Deskjet 3127 printer in normal mode . They printed out sharp and bright - the text leaps off the pages . The photos and graphics looks a little muted which makes a nice artistic contrast with the text . The linen look looks great ! -LRB- Which for me is better as I did not have to waste the ink to make the background look more unique . -RRB- And , best of all , there are no perforations at all . -LRB- I did not try printing on the back yet , but it seems that it would work fine . -RRB- So , this is exactly what I was looking for - business cards in lots of 10 , not 200 - and updateable and customizable at home!My only bugger - and this has been for years and with all Avery products - is that I used to be able to choose a template and just use it . But , nowadays I have to tweak the margins and the size of the squares on printed page for the template until it lands in the outline of the squares . I 'm sure that this is a departure from the Avery - HP - Microsoft alignment that they used to have , but it is a pain . Once done the first time , of course , everything is good . As an update , Avery 's label software helps a lot too.I 'm not sure why others ran into problems . These are high quality cards that make great , professional looking prints . I 'm using the most common printer brand , HP . They probably expected this , and this appears to be what the labels were designed for . Mine worked great out of the box.If anything , I 'd say that Avery quality has improved and is even better than what it used to be - with more options and higher end features.The labels are super ! ========== As an update , I downloaded , installed , and started using the Avery Wizard and bought a different printer -LRB- Canon all in one -RRB- . Since then , I have not have any problems with lining up labels and business cards with the partition . Not sure if the problem was the printer or MS Office , but it was n't the fault of the labels themselves .
 Overall , this is a good product . I especially liked that it was easy to separate the business cards from the sheet with clear separation and not really fuzzy edges . There were quite a few templates available online , but I opted to use the Microsoft Word template . Formatting so that the spacing on the edges looked nice required some work and trial/error , but these business cards printed out well at the end .
 I really like the print quality of these business cards . I have a Kodak Hero 7.1 printer and I printed a picture along with business lettering on these cards and the print quality was excellent . The only thing I dislike is I had to reconfigure my printing margins to get them to match with Microsoft Publisher .
 I purchased this machine for work when we got a Xerox machine that the ink would melt when using a hot laminator . This machine is easy to use , easy to install new cartridges but it is wastefull . I have gotten pretty good at using less but it is hard for co-workers that do not use it as often . It would be nice if Scotch 3M came up with a better system of not wasting the plastic.I would recommend to anyone that has a similar copier / printer . Plus it is very green as it requires no electricity .
 My name is Grant I have three of these at home . They are so awesome . I espessialy like the compact nostalgic design .
 This is not a review about an exciting product . This is not one of those items I have been hoping to get for Father 's day or Birthday . I doubt you are any more excited about this product then you are of receiving that new tie . What this product happens to be is a very reliable workhorse . I have had few products that I have bought that have worked as consistently and as hard as this device.I recently purchased the PanaS300NNA Commercial Electric Stapler as a unit for my home office . I am not , however , writing this review solely on the experience of a few months off this model . I also have owned this devices predecessor , the AS300N , for nearly 10 years . In that time I have never had a problem , it has always worked flawlessly , quietly and consistently . It still works . I only bought a second device as I needed a second work location . Trust me that this product line has a heritage of rugged reliability and quality.The product fits into a very specific segment . As another reviewer noted the device does not like to staple more then 25 sheets of 20 pound stock paper . This is not designed to be a stapler for thicker reams . The device is also limited in the staples it will take . The device will staple rapidly but no quicker then a human can put in the device . This unit would never work as part of a machined process . What the unit is though is a very good and very solid device . The Panasonic is more expensive then a convenience electric stapler but it is a world apart from those toys . If you think your usage justifies it then this device will satisfy your need .
 Excellent electric stapler . Has never been failed to staple -LRB- or operate -RRB- and has never been jammed . Uses regular staples . I 've never tried testing its limits but it will staple over 10 sheets without any problems . Overall , very solid performer .
 Here 's the thing - this is a great stapler , it 's my second one . The first one got fried when the power went out . It can not withstand a power failure , so make sure you use a surge protector .
 Very sturdy and reliable . The previous stapler that I bought only lasted a month !
 I bought this because I 'm an accountant and I staple a lot ! My last two -LRB- different brand -RRB- died after two years . I 'm hoping this one lasts longer . It seems to be a better quality . It does staple slower , though . I 'm used to shoving the paper in and quickly pulling it out . This one I must hold the paper in a little longer . It is pretty old fashioned looking - like it was made in the 50 's -- but so far it 's working like a charm .
 I have had this powerhouse stapler for years and it has functioned perfectly every single time . It appears it is no longer available as a new item , but I would not be afraid of buying a used one . As mentioned , it is a bit slow in operation , but I just attribute that to it 's quality , durability and reliability . I 'd buy another one in a minute , if this one ever gave out . It will probably go to my kids if you know what I mean .
 If you are looking for a stapler that will stand up to very high usage -LRB- basically using it every 30 seconds all day long -RRB- , this is the stapler . Yes , it may not be super , ultra fast -LRB- there 's a very slight delay that is tolerable -RRB- but you trade that off for reliability and durability . This exact stapler is used by the California DMV in their field offices -LRB- they are stapling stickers to registration cards literally thousands of times a day -RRB- and it stands up to that kind of intense use . It is a bit more expensive than the standard electric staplers you would buy at Office Max , but I 've been through several of those -LRB- do n't last very long under intense usage -RRB- and after you 've bought two or three , you would have been better off spending more money to get something that will last . Yes , it looks like a 1950 's clunky design that is not exactly sleek , but if you do n't care about that & just want something super reliable and heavy duty , this is it .
 What a bargain , bought this stapler at a garage sale for $ 1.00 , can not wait to use it ... have owned one before and loved it ... so what a bargain
 I have used a book like this for 50 years and still have them all in a box as a reminder of events . This book fits nicely in my shirt pocket and has all the features I want . My wife usually buys this for me each Christmas . Lately they have been hard to find in local stationery stores . Here I got just exactly what I wanted and a duplicate of what I have used all this time . I am delighted .
 Thanks so much for the fast service . I appreciate it so much . This is a quality product that serves my needs .
 The title says it all , there is not much to add . -LRB- but amazon will not publish less then 20 words -RRB- I bought because I like my bluetooth headphones on my cell phone since the receptionis great . With this noise suppressor the quality of my voice for others really improves .
 this product is definitely worth it . It is a good strong bag and it is an excellent value for the money
 I 'd honestly like to get a bag that is closer to the size of my shredder , but these work great . They are more durable than those I previously used , so you wo n't have to worry about splitting or spilling all the &#34; confetti &#34; on your floor .
 This is the 1st bag that was big enough for this mammoth shredded . I love it . I can shredd all afternoon and not have to empty it . Totally happy .
 I ordered these shredder bags from Amazon.com and the only thing that I found wrong is with these bags is that are way too long for my shredder only because I did not know what size I needed , so I just ordered these , but it 's fine , they work okay for holding the shredded paper and it comes with ties so you can tie the bag .
 This is the Fellowes product for its shredders that are designated to use this product number . Perfect fit for my Fellowes shredder . Good value . I always prefer to buy from Amazon if possible .
 I read the reviews on this phone before buying and was a bit skeptical because of some of the negatives , but took a chance . I work out of my home so a good phone is important to me . So far this phone is more than I expected . -LRB- I 've had it about 3 weeks -RRB- It was the only phone that had everything I was looking for
 I got the three pack and have had no trouble with these phone . Frankly I love them . They are streamline , easy to use and have more features than I know what to do with . The volume is adjustable and Frankly I think they are a little on the loud side not low . but there is a volume setter so I keep mine on low . I love the speakerphone and ear head set feature . Crykee ! there are a few phones that do stink but this is n't one of em ' .
 This Internet Phone surpasses competitors because of the incoming USA phone line that follows you globally . There are 6 different USA gateway phone numbers and even dedicated USA numbers are available . Pretty low outgoing international rates also . Their customer service is available in 5 different languages too .
 A feature packed product with few disadvantages . Works well , is easy to set up and use . Range of the 900MHz cordless indoors is a little disappointing , and a 2.4 GHz version would be nice . Build quality is not the best , but is commensurate with the important part , i.e. the price ! The starter kit is particularly good value , but while it is capable of expansion to 12 extensions , it becomes pretty expensive to do that , although one has to bear in mind that it is a 4-line device ! The addition of a headset of better quality than the `` free $ 20 value '' one that comes with the kit would be a nice touch.All in all , as a good 4-line system for a small premises , I can wholeheartedly recommend it !
 My title says it all . The poster is thick paper , -LRB- much thicker than average posters -RRB- , which is good because my daughters are using it to learn their numbers . Because of this , it is hung low so they can point at certain numbers . It 's standing the test of time with twin toddlers . That 's a good product in my book
 Exactly what I was looking for and it was very reasonably priced . I hung it up immediately and my preschoolers use it almost everyday .
 I really like this chart . It is very helpful in homeschooling my daughter . The service was great and product was received very quickly .
 Super fast delivery and great product . My kids love this poster ... it helps them with their math homework . I hung it in the room .
 Good size of poster and packed well for shipping.I do wish the numbers were a little bit larger , but overall a good poster for a small classroom .
 I was pleased with this product , and the quick delivery . It was just what I was looking for to complete my classroom math center .
 The product is charming , exactly what you see is what you get ... well , except that I will have it laminated otherwise it wo n't survive one day in my house . Arrived in a timely manner , faster than I expected and well packaged .
 I use this chart for my two year old . This is a great size and easy to teach her with .
 The brother system came as quite a surprise - an affordable , expandable and solid office phone system for a small price . We purchased the starter system for $ ... and received a desk phone and 900mhz cordless . The arrangement permits you to install everything in a common location - in our office this is the utility room where all our phone lines come in - and then attach as many desk sets or hand sets as you like -LRB- for desk sets at least two lines need to run to the location -RRB- . The operation of the phones is great . Intercom , speaker , caller ID , forwarding and other customization are available . The phones are solid and reliable . The cordless are a little difficult to use but have adequate sound and range . This is a great little system at a great price . Amazon has the starter system for $ ... and the desk sets go for around $ ... . The only problem is that it appears that Brother has discontinued this model so you may end up with an orphan system . However , for a small office on a budget that would like a sold phone system with two or three desksets and maybe a handheld for a receptionist , you can get the whole deal for under $ ... . This is really a big savings .
 We have a four person work environment and three starter kits -LRB- four line desk sets , wireless , w/caller ID -RRB- ; for the money , I do n't think there is a better deal . We came from a 30 station major phone system and the only thing missing -LRB- when you add the phone company 's VM -RRB- is the music on hold . If the quality from the customers side did not look professional , if we were not all pleased and proficeint at our own desks ... . the system would be worthless . It works well and we are masters of its potential . Good Deal .
 Black folders look great . For organization , having all black folders is nice because it 's a neutral color and forces one to pay attention to the file labeling exclusively.Service from Shoplet and Amazon was excellent . I received the product sooner than I expected .
 These folders fit inside hanging folders , allowing you to still see the label on the hanging folder . In effect creating subfolders . The lighter interior color makes it easier to see hand-written labels .
 The gray interior contrasts beautifully with the black and looks great . They are n't heavy-duty , just so you 're aware , but they are stylish .
 Folders are pretty nice . Some what reinforced . Black in colors but not rich black . A bit washed out . Almost more of a dark charcoal gray . Has the slots to put in a label tab on either side . This was important to me . I have some folders already that only provide those slots on one side . I will most likely buy again .
 Black on the outside , grey on the inside - strong little folders that stand out against the manila folders everyone else uses . They look very professional and elegant for a folder .
 These black Pendaflex File Folders are just what I 've been looking for . The black color for me is serious , business-friendly and does n't distract me from my purpose for being at my desk . They are well made and I like the 1/3 cut . I do wish , however , that they were just a little sturdier . But , all-in-all , a good value and I 'd purchase them again . Now no more excuses for the paper clutter !
 Black file folders with a lighter tab area to write label on are impossible to find ! These are great
 These look very good on my desk . . somehow red , yellow or green files do not look as professional ...
 These are the best folders on the Market simply because , first of all -RRB- they come from Office Depot which is a very dependable store . Secondly , not only do you get 100 durable postcardboard flex files , but they are also 1/3 cut which means you 're gauranteed to get it . At least they 're legal . I 'd get these if I were you . Also , the Office Depot file folderx sometimes come with an extra pouch on the insides which are great for holding notecards , graphics , software , and other items . The only down fall that these folders have is that they do n't come in colors . Only manila .
 This paper works excellent in the hp series printers . I have tryed many other makes of Photo paper and they just do n't cut it . Some other makes do n't dry in a timely manner , others have a dull finish them , some have a red tone . This HP Photo paper allows you to print store developed quality photos from your hp printer . You get what you pay for ... This product is worth the money ...
 This paper works excellent in the hp series printers . I have tryed many other makes of Photo paper and they just do n't cut it . Some other makes do n't dry in a timely manner , others have a dull finish them , some have a red tone . This HP Photo paper allows you to print store developed quality photos from your hp printer . You get what you pay for ... This product is worth the money ...
 I wanted a shredder to get rid tons of important papers . I wanted a good one but a cheap one . I was so ecstatic to have found one that is so awesome . I 've had this shredder for a few weeks now , and I have to say that I 'm very impress . I have a bag full of papers to shred and I 've been going to my neighbors house to use their shredder . Their 's is definitely much more expensive , but it takes me forever to shred less than a handful of pages b/c it overheats . This one did n't do that at all and got my full bag of paper shredded in a few minutes . Talk about a great machine for such a great price . You 'll just have to try it yourself to see and you wo n't regret buying it . God Bless .
 I wanted a shredder for my home to get rid of old documents and similar papers . I was looking for something relativelly small , good and cheap . This shredder met all my requirements to perfection . It works great . It has never jammed so far -LRB- I had it for about 3 months and I use it daily -RRB- . Paper is not shredded extremelly small , but for my purposes , it is fine . It seems to be able to handle at least 6 pages at the time , which is a good amount for me . It might not be an adequate shredder for a business or other intense users , but for someone like me who uses it only for a few documents each day , this is a great item .
 I bought this shredder because I was planning to move & needed to dispose of a big stack of personal papers . It was a little time consuming as the machine only shreds 5/6 sheets at a time , but the little machine is still shredding away two years later . No problems at all !
 Wonderful for keeping the screen glistening . I have n't washed it yet but it seems very sturdy and will hold up well .
 This microfiber cloth is n't like the other microfiber cloths you get with a pair of sunglasses . It 's almost like artificial chamois material , which is fantastic for cleaning smooth surfaces . I bought it to clean the inside of my car windows -LRB- even windex leaves streaks behind for some reason -RRB- and since using it there is n't a single streak on my windshield ! It also comes with two disposable screen cleaners and an &#34; antimicrobial &#34; cloth -LRB- as a microbiologist I 'm skeptical about how antimicrobial it can really be , but hey it was free ! -RRB- . And the main cloth is HUGE , so you have plenty of real estate to clean with before it needs to be washed ! Would buy again !
 After suffering through numerous free &#34; microfiber &#34; cloths that left threads and dust on my screen , this cloth is just right . It leaves no residue , cleans fingerprints with ease , and is machine-washable . What more could you need ? Plus , it includes a smaller , high-quality phone-cleaning cloth and some samples of iKlear 's cleaning wipes . The phone cloth is not the reason I decided to buy this product , but it 's also well made , washable , and works great.I thought I had lost the black cloth that came with an old Mac and works so well , which is why I decided to give this a try . I have since found the Apple cloth -LRB- which has a texture like fake suede and cleans very well -RRB- and will be keeping this new cloth anyway because it works so well . It has a very similar texture -LRB- like a soft suede -RRB- and cleans just as well , if not better.As other reviewers mentioned , it 's large , so you might not want to carry it everywhere ; I like the larger size for cleaning big monitors .
 i already wrote a review about this product , read that and then this is ditto . five five five five words
 Pros : Packaging is easy to open and close once when you are done with using the towl.Effortlessly wipes cleaning solution off my apple devices -LRB- touch screens -RRB- and makes them shine like they are new.Con : The cloth is gigantic and hard to maneuver . A smaller size would be better-suited for cleaning small ipods and the like .
 The micro-fiber materials , from which this Polishing Cloth is made are very soft . I bought it to clean my eye glasses , and am very satisfied . Because Each cloth is washable and reusable it cuts down on the cost of cleaning . The main cloth is quite large -LRB- 16 &#34; X16 &#34; -RRB- . I have several pair of glasses that I keep in different places , and the large cloth can be cut into smaller sections , & kept where needed . -LCB- Stitched the edges of the smaller sections on a sweing machine , to prevent posisible raveling when washed -RCB- There is also a small ` Travel Single ' that I keep in my wallet .
 This will get your screen squeaky clean . Have used other cloths that streak and have to wipe and wipe to get a streak free screen . Not this one . One swipe and you are done .
 As a life-long wearer of glasses and user of electronics , I 've gone through my share of screen cleaning cloths . But I was pleasantly surprised by how well this got dust and dirt off of screens without anything else . My only complaint -LRB- and it 's not much of one -RRB- is that the cloth is huge
 It is exactly as I expected , very useful , easy to clean , it gets all the dust so easily without leaving residue behind .
 I use this all the time with the iKlear spray . If you have a Mac or any Apple products it &#34; s definetely worth the investment . Will buy again .
 This product is perfect for cleaning an LCD monitor screen . It 's large enough for any such job , washable , durable and soft .
 Sometimes it is very rare to get a product that does exactly what it says it is going to do , and is much easier then expected . This is that product . Helps clean computer monitors , flat panel televisions , iPhones and iPads . Just wonderful ...
 As an I.T. services consultant , I was admittedly skeptical about some of the other claims , but ordered this cloth anyway to try and save four flat-screen computer monitors that someone obviously tried to use a paper towel -LRB- ! -RRB- to clean . The screens were so scratched and had so many abrasions on the viewing surface that I thought I would have to replace all four monitors . Using nothing but this towel with a water-dampened corner , with several applications of about one minute each , I was able to polish all four screens so that they looked literally brand new again . I ca n't tell you how impressed I was with the results . The package I received also came with a smaller polishing antimicrobial cloth for use on smart phones , etc. . This is an excellent product that I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone .
 I bought this to replace my flimsy Apple cloth and it works great , especially with my ipad 1 Apple case , it fits right under the flap . The package is actually two cloths a giant one , for maybe a large computer screen , and a small one , perfect for your ipad . All the edges are sewn to prevent fraying and you can toss it into the washer to keep it clean . I highly recommend this it is a must have for any version ipad owner .
 This is a great cleaning cloth package because it comes with a large , durable cloth that I can clean my flat screen and laptop with ; as well as a small travel cloth for my touch screen phone .
 This really works , no liquid/spray needed , a few wipes and all the finger prints are gone ! I would definitely recommend for anyone with a tablet .
 We purchased theKlear Screen iKlear Micro Chamois Klothto clean our new , shiny iPad 2 -LRB- which quickly becomes not so shiny with fingerprint smudges after a few hours of use -RRB- . It came with 2 travel wetwipes , a large microfiber cleaning cloth , and a smaller antimicrobial cleaning cloth . Just using the microfiber cloth is plenty enough to wipe the screen clean of any fingerprints and smudges ! Highly recommended to iPad owners as they can collect fingerprints like no other .
 This cloth is really great for the iPad . It takes off all the prints and grease with just one swipe . It came with a smaller cloth that is perfect for my husbands iPhone , and two moist travel wipes that I have not tried yet . These were not listed so it was a nice surprise - getting two for the price of one !
 Cleans all my stuff like a charm , really glad i made the buy , could not find a better one elsewhere
 I had other cheaper cleaning cloths and they worked ok but it was n't perfectly clean . Forget tissues as that could scratch your screen . With this klear screen cloth , you actually get a perfectly clean screen that makes the screen look like brand new . I actually spray my homemade screen cleaner solution to the cloth and my screens comes out perfectly . The cloth is pretty large and you also get a smaller travel cloth and a couple wipes so I really do n't mind paying the somewhat high price . The cloth is washable and I think it should last a very long time . I highly recommend it !
 I bought this for cleaning expensive optics , works very well . I was happily surprised that it said Made in USA on the back of package . Pretty rare these days and nice to see a superior First world product instead of chi-com garbage we normally see .
 These relatively large micro-cloths work well to clean off my NookColor screen . Finger prints come off easily . However , if you spill something on the screen and it dries it may not get it off . For heavier cleaning you will want to use a liquid screen cleaner with them .
 Soft , good packaging , couple of wet cleaning wipes included and an Antimicrobial Microfiber Cloth included to eliminate viruses and bacteria from your hand held devices -LRB- nice move -RRB- I recommend this product
 This works very well and removes dust , fingerprints , and smudges . After reading all the positive reviews I was a bit dubious , but it really does work perfectly!I do wish that the larger cloth was a bit smaller , though .
 its quite what you buy ... but remember to buy also some liquid to clean your screen , this is not enough
 I got this to wipe the dust from my Plasma TV screen , and it works great . It is very soft , and I do n't have to worry about scratching the glass surface of my -LRB- very expensive -RRB- TV . I wipe the dust off the TV every day , since it seems to be an extreme dust magnet . I always shake out the cloth afterward , but after about a month , it seemed like I could feel some dust in the cloth , so I decided to wash it . I threw it in with a load of towels , washed and dried . I am pleased to report that it came out just like new .
 This thing is huge , super , 16x16 inches in size . I would like it because it can be used for its size alone and its good at cleaning . used it to clean the body of DSLR , works like a charm .
 After about only 2 weeks of owning it , and barely even using it , the seam in one corner of the cloth started to fall apart . It 's not too bad though , I really like this cloth , but I 'd thought the construction quality would be a bit better : \
 I use these for my TV 's , Computer Screen and iPads . They just work . They are large size and well made and they clean up finger prints quick and complete . When I saw that word Chamois , I thought they might be stiff and leathery , but no , they are very soft . I originally bought two , to try them out . I 'm going to get a couple more to use for other things around the house .
 This Kloth works extremely well dry , I 'm Actually going to order another to keep in my travel bag . It is far better then any other cleaning cloth I have used . I have used this on an Ipad 2 and an HP Touchpad , and it works well on both .
 I use this cloth for my iPad 2 and it works great . Fast shipping , high quality , and really pleased . They advertise the spray a lot but just using the cloth has so far fitted my purposes and has left the screen looking brand new and never touched .
 great `` k `` loth . They 're so cheap , I do n't know why you 'd risk washing it to trap some dust into the Kloth instead of just buying a new one , but that 's just me . I use it for up to a year and just get new ones . As the kloth gets more and more used , you can potentially scratch the item you are wiping -LRB- maybe I just wipe too hard -RRB-
 Really have no complaints here does exactly what it is supposed to . This cloth is big , does a great job , easily washed -LRB- sent it through 2 machine wash cycles already and works well still -RRB- , and is very soft so it does not cause any scratches.My only suggestion would be for you to buy some cleaning solution as well . There are just some things that only come out with liquid cleaner and that plus this cloth should handle all of your screen cleaning needs .
 As advertised , it easily cleans those annoying fingerprints on LCD . Just wish it came with a mini version for the glasses.Small annoyance
 I have eyeglasses , am a prosumer photographer , iPad , iPhone and Apple laptop user . These cloths are like non other . These are in a different league compared to a micro fiber cloths you by in bulk at Costo or Home Depot . These are a much finer fiber . I am very particular when it comes to cleaning my eyeglasses and the iKlear microfiber cloths clean the best I have ever seen . They clean very oily glasses with no streaks and they do it almost instantly with no cleaning liquids.As for iPads and iPhones they are hands down the best I have ever used . And all this with no cleaning liquids ... just the cloth ! They almost work better with no liquid at all . I do use liquid iKlear cleaner on my MacBook Pro screen before using the cloth because it seems to get spots on it that need a bit of liquid to loosen enough for the cloth to remove.I could keep going about my great photography lens experiences as well.If you want the best cleaning cloth available ... buy this !
 There are many screen cleaner cloths out there -LRB- microfiber , disposable , etc. -RRB- , why spend $ 10 on this chamois product ? Because it works and it lasts very well ! I bought my first one of these in 2005 and just recently bought another to use only on my large screen TV.The Klear Kloth weathers VERY well , the edges of the cloth are stitched so it does n't fray . It is washable . Show me another product in this class that lasts 6 years and is still going strong.I use the Klear Chamois Kloth to clean my laptop , my desktop monitor , my GPS screen , phone screens , etc. . . pretty much anything electronic related that I want to be careful with , I trust this product.It is a nice large size , so it makes cleaning large computer monitors easy and also works well on large screen TVs.My philosophy when buying anything is ... even a simple cloth to clean screens ... if I can spend a bit of time and find the best a high quality product that lasts , and does its job -LRB- mainly to clean and not damage my expensive equipment -RRB- , then it is time well spent.I 've spent the time looking for you ... . this is the product I recommend and think that you will want .
 Not only is this cloth great for cleaning , there seem to be other positive benefits I had n't expected , plus the included travel cleaning pads offered an extra surprise . The cloth is much bigger than I expected at 16 '' , and bigger than I needed for my iPhone and other small touch screens , so I cut off one end and cut that piece in half to create two additional smaller clothes I could keep stashed in different convenient places . Since it 's a very light suede-like fabric , it does n't unravel.The cloth does an outstanding job at touch screen cleaning . I 'd just bought a set of those little stiff leatherette pads with a suede-like fabric face and was impressed with how effective the fabric is for cleaning these finger smudged screens , however the pads are too big to work well on an iPhone screen when it is in a surround case , so I decided to try this cloth . Not only is the cloth effective , it 's very easy to use and screen size does n't matter.My package included two travel-sized moist towelettes and a small dry cloth of a different type . I thought the towelettes would be like those that clean glasses so I was surprised that they were n't . They are very soft material and contain fluid that does n't quickly evaporate like a glasses-cleaning wipe would . You have to use the little dry cloth to wipe the washed surface dry -LRB- which is easy and fast -RRB- . WOW ! The resulting clean greatly exceeded my expectations . I was sufficiently motivated by that and the fact that the towelette was still wet that I cleaned several pairs of glasses -LRB- they have n't been this clean in forever -RRB- , a couple of little mirrors , my car GPS screen , my AlphaSmart word processor screen -LRB- which lives in the kitchen and is splattered with all manner of kitchen stuff , and finally I tackled the TV screen . I had no idea TV screens could be that dirty and the pad ended up so black I finally threw it away , but imagine cleaning all those things with one little pad . And the surfaces are not just clean but sort of polished so now my iPhone resists finger smudges . In fact I was so impressed I immediately bought the whole cleaning kit.I have n't washed the towel yet and will update if I see any change in effectiveness . I did n't keep the package and do n't remember if I was supposed to hand wash the big blue cloth or the little grey one , but I 'll hand wash both and hang to dry just in case . I do n't want to lose the super abilities of this product . Highly recommended .
 I purchased this cloth along with my iPad and I must say that it is awesome ! This cloth will clean up the screen to it 's original shine every time , with no water or cleaning solution necessary . At one point I splashed a little coffee on the screen , did n't notice , and it dried up . By just breathing on the spots and a little buffing with this cloth the spots came right off.With an item as expensive as an iPad -LRB- $ 500 + -RRB- a $ 12 investment is peanuts for the piece of mind this cloth gives . I would say that this cloth is an absolute must-have for any iPad owners !
 Seems almost strange that I 'm willing to do a review for what is essentially a cleaning rag , but this is one of those rare things you stumble on that you realize is quite an amazing product.The usual microfiber cloths are sticky and do n't absorb readily . They also attract every little particle which then never come off ; rendering them useless for easy to damage items like plastic lenses and photo filters after first use . I 've been using this for 18 months now , and still on the same cloth . When the lenspens and pec-pads ca n't clean it , this cloth can . I use it strictly for photo filters and expensive lenses after blowing the big stuff off . This cloth pulls all of the grease and residue right off without damaging the coatings on the optics .
 I 'm a hyper wiper - I ca n't help it - when I 'm using my iPad , I always have a microfiber cloth nearby to shine off the fingerprints . I have catered to my addiction with just about every brand/type of microfiber cloth on the market . One time when I had my iPad with me at the local Apple store , I watched one of the techs use an iKlear microfiber chamois cloth to wipe the touch screen , and I was impressed with how well it worked . I asked him about the cloth and he told me that iKlear was developed exclusively for Apple products and the only one they recommend . That was good enough for me . I got one for myself , and I can confirm that it 's heads above all the others I 've used . Highly recommended .
 This is without doubt the softest , most effective screen/phone or lens cleaning cloth I have ever used . It is a pleasure to touch -LRB- whereas some other screen cleaning cloths I have used actually have a rough feel and irritate my skin -RRB- and it cleans any screen or lens beautifully . I use it for everything
 The `` Klear Screen iKlear Micro Chamois Kloth '' is a great product and does everything it says it will do . We introduced my wife 's ipad2 to her sisters on Easter and of course no one used the stylus . When we finally got it back , it was fill of fingerprints and smug marks . This presented no problem for this cleaning cloth . After a few wipes the ipad2 screen looked new again.I highly recommend this product .
 This is the best microfiber cloth I 've ever used.You can use it on any screen/glass . If you own eyeglasses , iphone -LRB- or any mobile phone -RRB- , laptop , desktop screen , TV , etc. and you needa cloth to wipe off marks buy this . It is very high quality and durable .
 I bought this because Apple says it is best to use to clean my MacBook Pro . I also use iKlear Cleaner Polish for Apple . My computers clean well , lol . Truthfully though , I had a MacBook Pro for 5 years before I bought my new one , and , although this product could not keep it from wear on the trackpad area where your hands rest , it did keep my screen in pristine condition and still going strong - my husband uses that computer now .
 Very decent texture and size for the price.Cleans effectively without leaving any marks behind.Much better than microfiber cloth that I have been using , hightly recommanded .
 I recently purchased and iPad2 , and the fingerprints left on the screen were driving me crazy . This cloth works wonders ! With one or two swipes , the screen is clean and smudge-free . The package came with two smaller cloths that are easy to carry with the device and two packets of `` Travel Singles '' which I have not used yet . Highly recommend .
 It cleans all of my screens , not just Apple stuff ... I recommend it for all of your LCDs , monitors , notebooks , cell phones , smart phones , etc. . .
 Be assured that this chamois will not scratch or harm your LCD , Plasma , LED , or whatever TV you own.I Can take confidence and be rough on my screen cleaning now since it 's a soft material that will keep surface from scratch !!! Microfiber is the way to go whenever cleaning you expensive electronics.Thumbs Up , love the cloth ! XD
 This does n't leave streaks at all . We use it on our iPads which you need to be very careful with since they 're touchscreen . It does n't seem to have hurt the screen and it cleans well .
 I 've tried lots of things to clean my iPad screen , and this is by far the best product that quickly gets the screen shining all new again .
 I bought for use on my LG G slate Tablet and it works wonders . Would recommend and buy product again
 Use this for cleaning the screen on my iPad . Works great . Lifts off the dirt and grime with minimal effort . The spray cleaner really is n't necessary . Just breathe on the screen to get a bit of moisture on the screen and this cloth does the rest of the work .
 Wonderful , easy to use on a big screen LCD screen , do n't miss this bargain , washes and reuse !
 This was a great product . It came with more extras than I expected , and the base cloth worked very well for cleaning my LCD screens for my laptop computer and it 's external monitor . I would buy is again , ad it is a great product !
 This phone has the perfect mix of retro design , modern technology and affordability ! Everyone who comes into our kitchen -LRB- where the phone is hanging -RRB- ca n't stop making comments about it and trying it out . The caller ID is great .
 The marker board is what it is ; comfortably large -LRB- enough to allow me to write what I need , small enough to fit in a bedroom for studying -RRB- , easily cleaned , sturdy , and easily mounted . It 's only down-side is that the mounting brackets are slanted down and outward , which is slightly awkward . I 'd recommend it as a purchase.Update
 I just got two of these in the mail and they are sturdy and well built bulletin boards . I 've seen the cheap corkboards with wooden trim which bend and twist and I did n't want anything like that . I mounted one board already and plan to put the other in a display case .
 I 've gone through several chair mats in my 13 years with my company . So I bought this and it does n't even dimple or dent as I roll over it . It 's holding up wonderfully thus far !
 I had looked and looked for a high quality chairmat to protect my hardwood floors from the office chair wheels for a long time . I had ordered a couple other chairmats from a different company and sent them back right away because they were flimsy and I could tell they would not be able to stand up to much abuse . This chairmat from Floortex is a thick , firm , high quality mat . It was wrapped/packaged really well for shipping -LRB- my other two from another company came unwrapped and had marks and scratches all over them -RRB- . I have now had this mat on my maple floor at my desk for a month . It gets daily abuse from my rolling office chair and does not show any marks . It is very sturdy and it feels like the chair is just on the wood floor . Although it is `` clear '' , it does have a textured appearance , which I did n't like at first . However , I really love it now . I think if it were perfectly clear , it would show marks more easily so I prefer it this way . It is not very noticeable on the floor . I am extremely happy with this product !
 This mat is just what i needed ! The size is perfect also , allows me to roll around a little to a bookshelf behind me . My office has short utility carpet so I was concerned my chair would n't roll that well or the mat would crack from dimpling , but it actually works better then I hoped . Very satisfied , would recommend !
 Kept tearing up the `` cheap '' mats from the big box stores . Ordered this one & so far so good . It appears to be made well enough to last 4x longer or more . Took few weeks to arrive but they told me it would take that long . Came when they said & the mat is thin , clear & looks like it will last . I ordered 2 for my employees & they both are very happy .
 yes it is a bit expensive , but it is great quality and lets you continue to enjoy all of your wood floor instead of covering it up
 This protects the floor . It has a very frosted look , not as clear as one might expect . However it looks fine . When first put down , it crinkled every time the chair moved , but that went away after a few days . It does slip if you 're not careful .
 I put down new floors and was concerned about protecting them . This product is aswome , you can see the wood , roll around with ease and it STAYS in place ! I 'd buy another one !
 I have had this chair mat for a few months now . It 's over a nice hardwood floor and you can still see the floor through it . It has not yet scuffed up or faded so it still looks good . Nice size , ships flat so it 's not annoying to put up , and has a good textured surface .
 I tried to use vinyl mats to protect my new flooring from my rolling office chair , but they did not work . I found these polycarbonate mats for hard floors , and I now have three in my office and one in my entry to protect the new flooring from dirt , etc. . These look nice and do a great job protecting the floor . I received them in three different shipments , and all of them arrived early . These cost more than the vinyl mats , but they are definitely worth it !
 Used for posting OSHA posters at building entrances . They are functional and easy to mount . I only wish that you could order multiple units , and have them come with a single key set .
 Overall I am happy with this purchase . I got this to put in a krafts room and it has been really useful so far . Would definitely buy again .
 This was exactly what I needed to work on brainstorming and planning with our team . We used this board high , low , flat -LRB- like a table -RRB- and in a dozen different locations at office and home . We also used it as a projection surface for a micro projector and a stand for the same projector . The fact that it can be adjusted in so many different locations at different levels makes it extremely useful . It folds down small and we could throw it in the trunk of our Camry with a bunch of other materials . The frame and board are very durable and the adjustment knobs are beefy and easy to turn . I 'm also very pleased that the whiteboard surface is quality and erases easily unlike some cheaper white boards . It does take a little bit of effort to adjust and set up , but it is hardly worth complaining about and can be done fairly quickly by most people . The only real downside that I can see is that it is a heavier board . If you had to carry it up a lot of stairs or long hallways it could get old .
 Our clients seem to break the majority of our easels and spending $ 110 vs $ 230 was a sure bet on replacements !
 Excellent price , good product , easy care . Works well in the office and stands up to the wear and tear it gets .
 This is by far the best presentation easel I have ever used . The all-in-one approach with the easel support and the board it self is a brilliant concept . Having both sides of the easel available to write on is another great bonus . I use this alot when training and presenting . Easy to carry in your car . I suggest getting an easel zippered carry case to prevent the easel surface from getting scratched or otherwise damaged .
 I have this in my classroom at school , so I knew how useful it could be for our Sunday School class ... and it is .
 I was looking for a dry erase board with an easel to use for bible study with my family and church . Well , after reading the other reviews on this product I decided to give it a try . Well , it arrived today , Tuesday , and I just ordered it on this past Friday so shipping was great ! I have n't used it yet but I have set it up . Setup was easy once I examined it but for future uses it will be very easy . Just remember to tighten the side knobs to hold the board in place fully otherwise it will slip out of place . I do see the previous recommendation for sand bags or something to put on the legs if you will be in a windy area . However , the board seems sound and somewhat heavy so for indoor use it should hold up well . It does seem like it will be a wonderful use since you can write on both sides . Overall , I believe this board will be wonderful to use and will help us in our bible studies .
 Great product for a decent price -- exactly what I needed for my homeschooled kids ! It is the perfect size and cleans very well . Easy to fold up at the weekend .
 I was looking for a big whiteboard or blackboard for my home to study for my higher level Math Classes . . but I had a small space and could not affford to dediate one entire wall to a board ... I am also specific about the angle the board should be in for me to be able to write comfortably and further I wanted a stand that could be packed away once done using ... I searched and searched many different board options and stands but this one was the cheapest in terms of how many things it provides . . I first got a stand alone one-sided 36x48 inch white board for 50 $ from office max but its inconvenient to drag along , not comfortable to write unless you nail it to the wall . . I returned it within a week ... this product on the other hand , although 70-80 $ more is much more usable and convenient ... dual sided whiteboard allows two people to share the whiteboard at the same time ... it offers the option of adjusting the height to any height . . you can even make it so that its just sitteing on your table . . it infact can even become a table with a whiteboard surface ... it allows you to adjust the writing surface to any angle . . folds away neatly once you are done ... It even has a chart holder ... its cute loking , light yet extremely sturdy ... I 'd definitely recommend it ... I got it for 119 $ directly from Discout Office Site . .
 We have been using this particular DryErase/Flip Chart outside of our store for 2 years now . We do not use it as an `` Easel , '' but rather as a hanging board -LRB- where it hangs downward -RRB- to promote specials and products.After purchasing another product that did n't work , we were especially grateful to purchase this particular one . It is sturdy , and except in high winds , we do not have a problem with it blowing over . Best of all , we can write on both sides - either turning it sideways so it can be seen by cars / Pedestrians coming from either direction , or facing front , with the ability to turn it later in the day to promote a different sale -LRB- especially helpful for Thanksgiving day sales -RRB- . As a small business owner , I appreciate the flexibility of being able to promote items without a lot of hassle , and this particular chart has been especially helpful to us .
 Requires two people to set up , but once it 's set , it is sturdy and functional . I 've been using this with middle school youth . It works well , though I have noticed that the youth sometimes have a habit of stepping onto the bar between the front legs as they scribe .
 The picture does n't really do this whiteboard justice . It 's actually very sleek and professional looking . It 's made of sturdy and attractive metal . You can easily adjust the height or angle of the board . The whiteboard itself is good quality , dual-sided and magnetic . I use it for work when I 'm travelling around the state , but I can also lower it down for my little boy to draw on .
 This arrived just in time for me to take to a therapy group I was doing a presentation at . I was amazed how light it was compared to other wooden or metal easels I 've used previously . It was relatively easy for me to fold and unfold and carry and set up . Put your foot on the bottom frame , loosen the tightening knobs , and pull up on both sides of the white board at the same time . Tada ! Then tighten into place . Remarkably sturdy ! I paid $ 120 with overnight Prime shipping from Amazon , whereas the identical item was $ 181 before tax at OfficeMax . I 've only had it a few days , but delighted with it .
 This thing is so sturdy and well made . I home school my sons and it has become something we use daily . It is great also to be able to put it horizontal and work math problems side by side without wasting lots of paper . My sons love planning video game strategies and just drawing on it for fun . I can also see many uses if we were having a garage sale or even a party where we could put it out front to designate the place and welcome people . It is a little difficult to adjust without help but that is because it is wider than might be manageable by one person . My young sons have no problem adjusting together or assisting me .
 Aside from one moderate issue , this freestanding dry erase board is great . The only problem with it is that it can be a bit hard to set up without assistance . The knobs that tighten down both the legs and lock the board at the desired angle are hard to turn while also holding everything where you want it . This is solved by laying the board flat on the ground , or by enlisting someone to assist you . Once set up , the board is perfect
 This is an outstanding Presentation Easel . I had one many years ago just like it but had given it away to a friend . So when I began looking for another one I was hoping I would find one just as good . AND I DID!This one has dry erase boards on both sides , can be adjusted flat like a table , or adjusted to various heights and angles.It secures with tightening handles on both sides -LRB- no tools needed -RRB- . There is a tray on one side to hold your dry erase pens.I also use the Post-it Easel sticky pages on the board when I want to make a Mind Map to keep for a while.When I am using it for a class I often put a sandbag on the front base to make it a bit more stable.Not only is this exactly what I had years ago ... it is even less expensive now than it was then . Works well for me .
 I love white boards , I always have a whiteboard in my offices at work . I needed one for my home office but did not have wall space.My experience with these type of easels in the past were less than stellar , poor workmanship , unsteady , etc. . As I was able to see this board and compare prices -LRB- mid to high -RRB- before I purchased it , I thought it would work.Since I have been using it for the last month or two it has surpassed my expectations . I have found the ability to adjust it to various heights very helpful . This easel allows you to move the board vertically so you can use it from a sitting postion or by raising it a little higher a bulletin board . The paper holding feature which allows you to slide various sizes of paper -LRB- easel size paper to business cards -RRB- under the soft clip at the top -LRB- eliminating the need for tape -RRB- is another feature which I found very useful .
 I bought this item after researching easels for weeks in local stores and on the internet . I bought it from Amazon because Amazon had the best price . The reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because you have to turn the knobs on the side and pull the easel up to lock it into place . I think some people may have a little difficulty doing that .
 Board is very good and looks as pictured . Only negative is that the board plus backing is n't very thick . Push pins go through and could scratch or mark wall or panel cork board is hanging on .
 GREAT CORKBOARD WITH WOOD BACKING !!! Quartet Cork Bulletin Boards , 18 x 24 Inches , Oak Finish Frame -LRB- 301 -RRB-
 I was very pleased with the size , price and Hangers that came to mount the Board my 8yr old is very please and has already placed all of his favorite team photos and school calendar , thank you for your fast delivery as well .
 This product is a nice size for my home office wall . Feels solid when I push a thumb tack into it . I like . Good purchase .
 This board is perfect for my needs !! Excellent quality for the price . Fast shipping and easy to hang . I looked at quite a few and read reviews about others that were just not sturdy . This is very sturdy and great looking .
 I bought this wonderful product to replace one that was falling apart . The old one was taken from the house I left when I divorced my husband ; it had things on it that did n't apply to my life now . When the new one came I was able to decide what to put on it that was relevant to MY life now . The cork is superior quality -LRB- almost too good . . have to push hard to get a push pin to go in sometimes ; but I manage . -RRB- The size fits perfectly in the space I have for it in my apartment . A definite must for anyone who needs a corkboard this size ... also , it looks beautiful .
 This is a good quality cork board that was relatively easy to install on the wall above my desk . It is exactly what I wanted . I have zero complaints .
 This is a bulletin board , is a bulletin board , is a bulletin board . -LRB- What more can I say -RRB- . It is a useful size for bulletins .
 Based on boards we have at work I wanted this board for home . The Amazon price -LRB- $ 63 -RRB- was cheaper than I could find anywhere . The first board , shipped FedEx , arrived with a dent and crack in the frame . The second board , shipped UPS , was so badly damaged they did n't even try to deliver it . Amazon was great through all of this but was then out of stock . A third-party seller on Amazon had it and delivered it via a private shipping company it great condition.All-in-all it 's a great board with good hidden fasteners , Amazon had good customer service and it took one week from first damaged board to third board in great shape . I do blame the packaging , there 's very little padding and only on the corners .
 It is a nice looking board that was easy to hang and is holding up well under moderate use . The frame is a little flimsy . It cracked while we were unpacking the board . We were able to hide the crack when we mounted it . Be careful unpacking .
 I 've had this board for several years now and it 's survived three moves . The size is perfect and looks very nice on the wall . It 's relatively light for something this size so you can hang the board with two 3M adhesive hooks . A little on the pricy side but recommended !
 two in one , very original and perfect for my everyday and school life . i can keep everything very organized and not miss any event i have planned
 These work perfect for a hospital patient 's room . You ca n't beat the price . True , it 's not real wood -- but the description does say `` Oak Finish '' so there you go .
 Great item return customer and have come back many times to order again and will through out the year thank you .
 I use this product all the time for my business . The package always holds up will in the mail and we 've never had any problems . Such a great price too !
 I ordered this together with my American Weighing scale for Mails , It came perfect for my mails and for future use .
 * Lightweight -LRB- does not increase postal cost . * Strong -LRB- sharp corners or odd shaped items can be mailed with confidence -RRB- . * Will buy again !
 These mailers are perfect for my needs . I had to mail several things right aways so while I used the regular mailers from an office supply store , I shopped around and found these mailers here . I took a chance and ordered a set . I found them to be strong , yet very light weight . I liked the self adhesive strip so I can ship on the fly . It has only been a few weeks later and I just ordered another set . I will be continuing to order these !
 This bag is a solid and sturdy bag . Others I have gotten on amazon are flimsy and look and feel like a tear will happen even if the wind blows to hard on them . :-RRB- This one though is even hard to tear open with hands after its sealed . I feel better shipping items in theses bags .
 These poly mailers work flawlessly and are strong enough for regular mailing needs . Just realize that the picture of a shirt going into the bag is n't the 10X13 size . Order larger if you need to ship shirts , sweaters or larger items .
 These are the best mailers and very reasonable . The tackiness of the peel and stick is so strong I do not need to add any extra security tape . So I am saving even more money in not buying more product to mail .
 At first I thought I was receiving bubble wrapped envelopes , so when I received these I was a bit taken aback . However , after using the product , I simply love how light and flexible the product is . I am using these to ship video games and books currently and they simply work wonderfully . Because I can fold this over the game and book , I am not charged for the full size of the product , only that of it when it is folded over . Simply put , this product will save you a decent amount on shipping charges .
 I have n't used this product or company before but am completely satisfied with the shipping time , packaging of product and the mailers themselves . This mailer was recommended to me by a friend to use when mailing light weight items that I sell on eBay and so far , so good . I like this product alot and especially because it is self adhesive and does n't add much weight to the shipping costs I have to charge my customers . I would recommend this product and company again . Thanks .
 I ordered these to mail calendars in for my business . I still have to go to the post office bulk mail center to be sure I can use these for bulk mail . I thought they were a great bargain -
 PERFECT SIZE FOR PANTS , SHIRTS , & LOTS OF OTHER STUFF . I SELL ON EBAY & THESE ARE PERFECT FOR EVERYTHING ! THERE NOT SEE THROUGH LIKE THE OTHER ONES WHICH IS GREAT !
 Greetings , these mailers are almost as good as the Shurtuff mailer . The HUGE price difference makes these the winner by far . Save yourself some money and buy these .
 I love these mailers . They are waterproof , sturdy , and close very securely . I attach labels to them with transparent package tape , and they hold the tape very well . They perform better than Tyvek envelopes in every respect.Unfortunately , some post offices charge a 20 cent surcharge for processing poly mailers . But they are sill worth it !
 I was n't sure if these were going to hold up for the price I paid . I 've been using them for about a week and no problems so far . Much cheaper than the Tyvak I 've purchased in the past . I do n't use them for anything that has much weight , but for light weight items they are working well .
 I really like the size of these . They fit an array of items without being to big to mail via regular first class mail . I dont like that there 's not address box on the envelope . You ca n't really write on these . The ink will smudge even when you think it 's dry . But that 's what address labels are for . They are pretty strong . They have not torn or ripped on me and I mail all kinds of heavy things like books and sweatshirts . I even got a compliment from the post office worker saying that he liked these mailers and that they never come untaped or tear . So I think everything considered these were a very good buy .
 This was the perfect size for my shipping needs . They are very lightweight . If you are shipping anything fragile , these are not for you , but they are great for anything else . They arrived very quickly and the price was extremely fair . I would recommend this product .
 Excellent . These lightweight shipping packages are great for shipping and you will save a great deal when you ship books in this packaging .
 Great product and fast service . Shopping much quicker than quoted . Great seller . I am a repeat customer and will come back often . ` great products at great prices and wonderful service .
 I am very happy with the white poly mailer envelope bags.They seem very sturdy and should do the job for the products that I ship .
 Product has been perfect for every use so far , more than satisfied w / my purchase , I bought these bags to be more profitable on eBay , has really worked for me . : -RRB-
 These are exactly what I was looking for . I use it to send out clothing and I have n't had any issues yet . They are sturdy , light , and practical . No issues with breaking or holes .
 I sell children 's clothing and accessories online and these mailers are perfect for what I ship . They are very lightweight and do not add any weight to the shipping cost , they are easy to fold for mailing smaller items and they are waterproof . The best of all is the low price . Will definitely be ordering more soon !
 `` They were delivered perfectly packaged . Exactly what I needed . I use them for sending printed tshirts I sell . I even have my customers review the mailer once delivered and I get nothing but positive feedback , awesome . And for the price , `` FANTASTIC '' !!! Yes I 'm happy with both the Seller and the product ... 8D ''
 This product came quickly and exactly as I expected . I will be using the bags to mail out catalogs and I feel as though they will be perfect for keeping them safe and dry !
 These inexpensive mailers are perfect for shipping , clothes , paper , or just about anything else that is n't fragile . Just make sure to put an extra layer of tape around the close , as the adhesive is n't the strongest .
 I was extremely happy with the bags . I have used almost all of them and have n't had any trouble with people receiving t-shirts . I will definitely be reordering soon !!!
 The quality seems great . I have been using these a few weeks and have had no complaints from customers.Adhesive seals well , price is good , delivery was prompt .
 We ordered these poly bags to ship t-shirts that are sold online . We are a non profit and do n't have a lot of extra money for Tyvek bags and the sort . These bags are the perfect solution ! The size is perfect , the quality is great , you can easily write on them with a sharpie or stick a label , they seal well , and they are supposedly waterproof , although I have n't tested that in depth.This is a really high-quality , cost efficient item for our business . We 'll definitely be buying these again .
 I 've used about 60 bags so far and they work really well . They are surprisingly strong as well . Will definitely order more when I run out .
 great envelope for shipping just about anything that you would want to.These envelopes are weather proof and durable . great product for the price .
 I wish I bought this product earlier . It would have saved me so much money and energy . super fast shipping and great products!Will definitely purchase again !
 These bags are great . I sell clothing on ebay and these bags are absolutely perfect . Very durable.Great price too . Highly recommended !!!
 I like these bags a lot . I bought them because I was looking for envelopes to ship crocheted hats . I did n't want the hats to get wet but they do n't need a bubble wrap mailer - plus the bubble wrap mailers are expensive basically a dollar a piece sometimes more.Amazingly these were 100 for only 10 great deal - I have already used many of them and they work great . I thought they might be a little big but by the time I put my hats in it and seal it up it looks fine . Have had no problems with ripping or anything . Even found my 2 year old throwing a bag around with a product in it , and I just straightened it up again and it looked fine ! very durable .
 The envelopes are a light gray color and not white but other than that , they are perfect . Great price for shipping envelopes
 These mailing bags are superb ! Since they 're lightweight yet durable they 're great for shipping items . I sell things occasionally on eBay and these help keep shipping costs down which makes for satisfied buyers . I use a Sharpie marker to address these and that works really well . I 'll be buying these again !
 I 've been buying this product locally to ship my ebay items at about three times the cost at a local box store . This is exactly the same amazing quality , very strong and super lightweight . So happy to have found these online at such a great price ! Very highly recommended : -RRB-
 These have worked very well so far . I remember that some of the previous reviews said that they tear easily , but I have not had any problems so far .
 I just started selling on eBay and was looking for an affordable packaging . I found these and they had good ratings so i tried them . They work wonderfully . The tape sticky closer thing is plenty sticky and the light weight of them makes it great for not increasing shipping . Also you can fit multiple shirts in one so the work great . Great deal great product will buy again .
 This mailer not only had a great price was is perfect for that slightly larger item that needs to be mailed . Great product . Shipping was fairly fast too !
 These work well , I have used about 50 of them so far . Water proof , and the seems hold up very well -LRB- you can stretch the bag if it is a tight fit , and the seems do n't separate -RRB- . I will likely be purchasing a few more packs of these for shipping .
 I sell alot of clothes and books on ebay and these bags are a must . Very durable , great size , self adhesive and it sticks ! Cant get a better deal !
 Not the thickest bag out there but I am also trying to cut down on shipping cost so it 's great bag for the price . I search Amazon and it 's the cheapest price .
 I absolutely love these poly mailers ! I 'm in college and Ebay and half.com books , clothing , makeup etc. and this is exactly what I need ! Whenever I purchased items , I would receive many of them inside of these poly mailers but never researched into buying them . After hating to pay extra postage for the extra weight of regular mailers and boxes , I finally looked into getting these . They are wonderfully sized ! The largest items I ship are jeans and they fit perfectly in here . They fold very easily for the smaller items as well . They are waterproof , tear resistant and hold even heavier objects , like my books!I am very please with the quality of the item . Shipping is also extremely fast . I was n't expecting it for a few days , and received it overnight ! Try it you wo n't be disappointed !
 The title says it all . These bags took just 4 days to arrive . I use them to enclose my Kraft manila envelopes in for waterproof shipping . The shipping label sticks to them well , and I do n't have to worry about the items inside getting wet during transit . The flap seals well , so I only need to seal the side gaps with shipping tape for a water-tight package . My hat is off to Uboxes for carrying such a great product , for shipping them FREE , and for arriving so quickly . If I could rate them with more than 5 stars , I would . Excelsior !
 This is the second order I 've placed for these bags . They 're tough and easy to work with . I ship mostly apparel and have never had a complaint about the bag being torn or the item damaged . Fast shipping from the vendor and well worth the money for something you want to ship First Class or Parcel . These are also great for items you want to store at home .
 I use these bags for clothing for the largest online auction site and they work PERFECTLY !!! unbeleivable low price and the size 10 by 13 works out the absolute best ! the seal itself is super strong too !
 These plastic bags are very lightweight ; the adhesive strip seems to work fine ; and the US Post Office has successfully delivered every mailing we 've made thus far using them -LRB- NB
 We tend to do quite a bit of shipping ... especially of books ... and these mailers are just the perfect size , already has adhesive attached , and completely waterproof . We even shipped some infants clothing to Kenya in one of these mailers ... and it worked perfectly . These mailers are best to use when shipping because they are so very lightweight . With paper/bubble mailers , you have additional weight ... so its actually cheaper to ship in these .
 Great bags ! Use the full size or fold in half for smaller items . Post office likes them too and they qualify for first class mail . At the time of this post I could mail out a pair of socks 1st class for $ 1.75 . Great for the bottom line !
 I purchased these bags to mail books in . They are heavy quality and work very well .
 I 've been selling a lot of clothing lately on eBay , and these bags work perfectly ! They weight a lot less than bubble mailers -LRB- so they cost less to ship -RRB- , and since I can buy them in bulk they save me a lot of money there as well . They are waterproof and the seal strong . I sometimes use packing tape over top just in case , but I do n't think it 's necessary .
 I ordered these polymailers because I ship packages frequently and was hoping these were not the cheapy mailers some suppliers have been selling when i came across this listing , I am happy to announce that these are the good thick mailers and I am very satisfied with my purchase . I will be a repeat customer to valuemailers because I know their products are good , no need to worry if I am getting the good stuff or the generic knock offs that can rip in the mail that other sellers may be selling .
 I sell on Ebay and ship many books , audio tapes , and other small items . I 'm always looking for less expensive packaging options that will still protect the product , and found these poly bags.With the addition of cardboard or bubble wrap when needed , they are still much lighter than padded envelopes , which saves money on postage . They 're also much better in wet conditions . Overall , a perfect solution for shipping small items!Great price too .
 Very lightweight and durable , excellent for packaging!Great buy and would surely recommend this .
 My wife and I have been selling our children 's clothing as they are growing out of them , and these bags are perfect for mailing the items via USPS and UPS.The seal is great , and Sharpie markers work perfectly for marking them .
 I used to use large paper envelopes to mail items . I got these polymer mailer bags and a small childs outfit that used to cost me $ 4.90 to ship only cost me $ 1.98 ! I am selling more on Ebay since my shipping costs are so low .
 Great Item . Comes in a plastic bag , wish it came in a small box to keep them neat . These are a great product though . Very sticky adhesive and you can basically make the bag the size you need .
 I ship on ebay all the time and these a perfect . They seal nice and tightly . I also got the 6x9 size as well for smaller items .
 A few have torn at the self stick part , but that 's not too bad . These work for my business and are thicker which I like . All in all good for the price .
 I have used these for my shop for a long time , They are super durable and big enough to fit anything . If you need it smaller they can be cut to fit to size . For the price , super great deal ! .
 The bags are a tough plastic ; they do n't seem like they will tear easily . I was hoping for something that was stiffer or had some kind of protection .
 These mailers are so perfect ! I got them a while ago and still have n't run out ! I recently started selling off some of my stuff and these mailers never fail ! They are great quality and from a great seller !
 These poly mailers are perfect for mailing first class items -LRB- like articles of clothing -RRB- that weigh 13 ounces or less . They themselves do n't weigh much , yet are tear resistant and protect their contents from moisture . Also , the self-seal strip is a very nice feature that provides complete closure .
 excellent for first class mail . I ship all kinds of items under 13 ounces in these and they are of very good quality and hold up well .
 These envelopes are usually very expensive at regular office supply stores ! This is a great price for an even greater product ! Thank You - I will repeat this order in the future .
 The bags are the best money I ever spent on bags . They are strong , and my clients have all commented on the improvement in delivery since using them . These will be reordered as soon as I run low
 Makes shipping a breeze and affordable . I love that they are insulated so they are pretty much waterproof . No more having to wrap your items in bubble wrap or stick them in ziplocs . And these are very light so the weight comes to much less ! I got this size and the 12x15 .5 ! Will definitely go with these for shipping for now on !
 The poly mailers are great for mailing books and fabric , things I send all the time-they are strong yet light weight . This seller sent the bags out in record time so I received them quickly after placing the order .
 These plastic mailing envelopes are perfect for the books I sell and they were reasonably priced and delivered quickly . thank you .
 I had been looking for these exact bags/envelopes for shipping !! They are perfect for mailing articles of clothing and small accessories . 100 % satisfied with price , shipping and quality !!
 I will admit it - I was totally skeptical . 100 poly bags for only $ 8.99 with free shipping.But , the price was so low , I decided to go ahead.I am so happy I did.These bags are quel professional and extremely high quality with a white exterior and a stunning shade of gray inside.I ship many items for my home business -LRB- eBay and Etsy things -RRB- . By using these bags , I differentiate my store from competitors that rely on ziploc bags and used market bags . My products arrive in perfect shape and looking brilliant . My customers know they are getting quality items -LRB- I mean , who buys poly bags for junk ? -RRB- .
 These are exactly what I was looking for . We were looking to ship clothing items in something that was cheap , flexible , but would n't ruin the objects that were in it , and these mailers were the perfect fit . I just found out that they also have them in quantitates of 200 , 300 , and 400 , so if you 're looking to ship more things it might be good to go in bulk -LRB- I did the calculations and , at the time of the writing , the 300 count were the cheapest per mailer for me -RRB- .
 Exactly what I was looking for -- lightweight -LRB- so you do n't have to pay much more postage -RRB- , very durable and `` flexible '' , and easy to use . Will never go back to manila envelopes .
 Nice poly mailers at an awesome price . Seller Valuemailers shiped out my package very fast , especially for the first day after the new year . They send an email when package was shipped . 5 stars all the way around .
 Just re-ordered these bags after learning my lesson the hard way ... Last time I cheaped-out and bought the low cost high qty bags which are ok if you 're sending something with no dimension , i.e. paper , but our item is bulky and sometimes apparently gets caught in the postal machines . The cheap bags get destroyed along with the contents getting mangled or lost entirely , these bags can at least survive the US Postal Service -LRB- along with the contents -RRB- .
 The light weight Poly Mailers Bags provide adequate protection for items not needing a heavier protection.A real steal with Amazon 's sale promotion and free shipping .
 These mailers are easily adjusted to items of different sizes . They are very strong and close securely with the self-adhesive strip . I will order these again .
 Served my purpose well . Holds a large item or a couple of small items and is strong enough to endure the shipping . Very pleased .
 I mail shirts so these are wonderful to mail in . They are cheap and easy . You can write the recipient 's name and address with a permanent market and it wo n't rub off .
 They were exactly what I hoped for and only wish that I had ordered a slightly larger size , but so far they have met all of my needs .
 love these !! great to mail anything in , very sturdy ! i use them to ship items for ebay and they work great !
 This is a plastic mailing envelope . There 's nothing special about it and that 's exactly why I bought it . It 's just like plastic envelopes that I receive small packages in . The price is extremely reasonable and I will definitely buy these again when I run out !
 These seem to be good quality bags and came right on time . I am pleased with the quality and size . The bag of bags was open when I received it , packed in a box with other items ordered at the same time , though . Hoping all 100 are really there !
 The poly bags that came with the postal scale are fine , but I 'm more excited about the scale ! : -RRB- This scale is perfect for what I need it for ! My cousin uses the same scale , except hers is black . I prefer the white one that I purchased . It is a very convenient size , it runs on a 9 volt battery or can be plugged in . Love it ! Thanks !
 Fantastic price for these poly mailers . I love using these to send packages , they work well in the mail and are tough .
 These bags are the right size and the perfect thickness to mail clothes , which is what I use them . Quality is A + .
 I was amazed how fast my order got to me . Bought it on A Tuesday andI had it by Thursday . The mailers were just what I needed to ship things on eBay . I plan to come back again . Thanks for your great service .
 I sell books online and love this bag . It is waterproof and weighs nothing so it really helps out with shipping costs . You can fit a good amount in it as well . I will continuing ordering these bags .
 These bags are perfect for shipping clothes cheaply ! They weigh .4 ounces on my scale . Great adhesive . Perfect way to ship and keep the item waterproof .
 It 's always difficult to purchase poly mailers online , as quality is the primary consideration . There 's nothing worse than having 100 of something you ca n't use because the material or construction is sub-par . However , you will not waste your money on these . These envelopes are sturdy and backed in a gray privacy coating on the interior . I 've shipped with over 200 of the mailers without a problem yet.The glue is strong and the bags are the proper weight -LRB- not too heavy to increase shipping costs , not too light to sustain breakage -RRB- . Highly recommended !
 These will fit books , action figures , smaller size t-shirts , etc. . They will stretch a tiny bit to add packing materials like Styrofoam.I shipped a Starting Lineup figure today and it just fit , then it stretched enough to add a little foam on both sides . Boxes offer more protection but the boxes lay piled up around my house and the envelopes take up much less space . I will buy larger sizes , too.I was impressed by how sticky the tape is that closes the envelope . It is strong enough that I do n't have to add additional tape because it seems secure enough as it is.The main reason I save boxes is because they 're recyclable and reusable . I will still reuse boxes but I will not keep so many that it clutters up my kitchen .
 I sell books on amazon and these are light weight and waterproof and thick enough that you do n't have to worry about the corners tearing through , protects books well , I am very happy with them .
 I ordered these because there are times I need to return something that I have ordered online or may need to ship something and do n't want the `` packaging '' to add to the cost of the shipping . For me , these poly mailing bags have turned out to be a good deal . They weigh practically nothing but are extremely sturdy . Just like what a lot of vendors use to ship items .
 These mailers are sturdy & light-weight ; they really cut down on the price of shipping -LRB- allowing me to stay under 13 oz . & ship first class rather than the more expensive `` priority mail '' through USPS -RRB- . Just peal off the tab & stick closed . Also not too bulky for storage . I was worried about buying 100 , but they stack to about 1 '' & easily fit in a desk drawer .
 Great product , I kept seeing these in deliveries in our post box , no more heavy bubble wrap envelopes , these are just perfect ! Excellent , strong and durable , work perfectly , fast shipping also , excellent seller , thank you so much !!
 I like this particularly like this poly mailer because they are the gray inside which gives a little extra security when mailing .
 These mailers are the perfect size to mail a shirt , skirt , or dress . The lightweight adds very little expense to anything you are mailing , the size is big enough for a half page label , and the adhesive holds up well .
 These Poly Mailers are a great size and sturdy . I use them all of the time to ship shirts and jeans !
 I love these mailers . They have saved me a TON of money shipping little things I have sold on eBay . They are strong and very light .
 I sell clothing items online and these mailers hold up very well during shipping . I have never had a complaint from a customer . So I would absolutely purchase these again .
 Love these mailers ... they are perfect for sending out the tops we sell . They are very sturdy without adding additional ounces to the package . I 've reordered a second set of these .
 my daughter does alot of selling on ebay these bags come in handy for alot of our items to send away
 Great envelopes ! Quick shipment . Overall very happy with this purchase ! The envelopes are top quality and self sticking , so no tape is needed .
 I would recommend this because the bags are big enough to hold many items and I have even mailed books with success .
 I love having these bags to mail lightweight or small items in . If your item is under 13 ounces , these work great for first class postage , and can save you from having to pay Priority mail prices for using one of their bags .
 In response to older reviews - my paper came with no folds or creases . Very nice out of the box . Product is as others have said - a large sheet of easel paper with post-it adhesive along the top . My only real issue is the price - These should be about $ 0.20 per sheet when ordering in quantity , not $ 0.70 per sheet .
 The product itself is a great product for presentations , and we use them all the time . So my 4 stars is based on that.With that said , the packaging this came in was terrible - just two cardboard sheets taped over the pads , resulting in the pads having several pages damaged . Needed them the next day or I would have asked for an exchange . Odd because my little Post-It tabletop flipchart -LRB- which appeared to come from the same Amazon warehouse -RRB- was packaged superbly .
 I found this giant pad of sticky paper to be more convenient to use than an easel . The adhesive is super sticky but you can remove it without any problems or leaving any marks . No more issues with knocking over easels and one less bulky item to carry .
 These are definitely more expensive than say , using a white board , but they are worthsil for the ability to write down ideas during a meeting and then sticking them up around the room . Great for brainstorming ! Good holding power , and no bleed through so you can even write on a page while it is on the wall with no worries .
 Well , no complaint . I just works as describe . A little soft which is good . Writing is easy on it . Grid line is a reference for work .
 I have had sticky notes posted on the wall as anchor charts for weeks ! They do n't bleed though , and they are very sticky . A little expensive , but worth it !
 These were bought to use in a classroom , and they work really well . It 's nice to have the option to either keep a page or set of pages on the easel or stuck to each other , hang them around the classroom or save them for later as a packet . The price on Amazon was much better than the office supply store I almost bought them from . I was glad to see that the Amazon application on my phone got these to me 2 days later . It was a nice purchase .
 I use these as part of my job gathering requirements for software design and development . They allow for brainstorming with the users and then transport back to the office to stick up on the wall to transfer into electronic design software . I like these over electronic data gathering as it 's easy to delete ideas on a computer , but on paper , they are all still there for review . Some things are still best gathered on paper .
 Used these in a tachnical class , they were Great ! We were able to post around the training room for easy reference during the class .
 The invention of the self-stick pad paper was another 3M triumph . Now we can post our work on almost any surface without taking off paint or leaving cellophane tape residue .
 Was very happy with these self stick easel pads . They seem to hold up very well -LRB- as expected from 3M -RRB- and did n't leave any marks on the walls.Additionally the sharpie color markers did not bleed through the paper . I would still be a little nervous writing on this with a marker unless the paper is on the bad in case there was any bleed to the wall -LRB- which is why i gave it 4/5 -RRB- the only other complaint I have is that the &#34; pad &#34; does n't stand up without flexing without an easel . I wish -LRB- for storage -RRB- it could sit up in a portrait and the cardboard backing was strong enough -LRB- think enough -RRB- to prevent the flex . This is a very very minor issue and just causes an issue while traveling.Another feature I 'd like to see is some sort of larger rubber band to prevent the pages from flopping around in the wind , it would be cents to include a clip or rubber band with the pad , something I had to scrounge around to find when we were using this outside with an easel.would recommend to anyone looking for this type of product . Assuming you are buying for business , spend your money on the 3M product instead of getting a generic .
 I just received this product . I 'm extremely pleased . I 'm glad I ignored the bad reviews . My order came on a Fed Ex truck with a big box . There was ZERO , NONE , ZERO creases in my Post-IT Stick Easel Pads.Thank you . I 'm very pleased with my purchase
 My office uses these all the time I just wish I could have purchased more at the price that they were being offered at .
 I use whiteboards frequently at home for tracking goals . They are great but are not permanent . These pads are perfect for providing a more permanent record of my brainstorming sessions.When they were shipped they were shipped flat so there was no fold in the middle -LRB- a prior reviewer had this experience -RRB- . I recommend these if you are looking for an effective ` permanent ' alternative to a whiteboard or chalk board .
 This was perfect for our planning meetings and creating real-sized checklist during implementation . When we 're finished we can just take it off and put on the wall where everyone can see and we can continue onto the next sheet . Great price , and quick shipping .
 This two pack is a pretty good price . I use it to teach Sunday School and Confirmation at church but they 're useful for any presentation . I 'll use it when breaking into small groups or for brainstorming sessions.I have n't even checked if a product like this is available but I would like to see a sticky feature on both sides . Sometimes a marker will bleed through but sometimes it might be nice to use both sides.Either way , I recommend this item and will be buying again when I run out .
 I have used these pads for years with my preschool students and my daughter . The paper is thick , and does n't bleed through . I used these sheets on the walls around the room with water colors at my daughter 's 6th birthday party . She has drawn on them with marker , crayons and colored pencils with great results . I have used them anywhere in the school to take dictation from my preschoolers to promote literacy . I just bought two more to use with my now 10 year old daughter to record stopwatch records , draw pictures , and create collages this summer.The * only * reason I do n't give them 5 stars is because they are so dang expensive !
 These easel pads were a great deal ! They arrived very quickly , and I am very happy with this purchase . I will buy these again in the future !
 One point to note is that this is a heavy duty machine and every minute it generates quite a loud clicking sound as the wheels inside turn . While this noise is lost on a factory floor , it is totally unacceptable in an office . I liked the machine as a piece of equipment because the digital plastic Amano pix 55 we had before , gave out after a few years whereas this guy will last everything short of a nuclear holocaust . Furthermore they did give me a full refund which I much appreciate . This is the first time I have ever felt the need to review a product because had I read this review I would not have purchased and thereby saved the time and energy of setting it up and shipping it back and buying a replacement . So I ended up with another Amano and I guess I am condemned to buy another every few years or so .
 This mechanical design has been around longer than my grandchildrens ' parents . Great time clock for a small company that just wants to record work hours and provide accurate results to the payroll service .
 Lathem still makes the best time clocks that last longer than the competition . However , the quality has slipped slightly . The old ones we had from Lathem that are the outdated versions of the 4001 lasted 20-25 years on average . These new ones tend to last 4-5 years . Still great , but 4 stars rather than 5 .
 I 'm a writer regularly submitting stories in the 10-20 page range , so I wanted a light-weight envelope with no frills , and this fits the bill . Someone at the post office once told me that the envelopes with clasps tend to get caught in the mail-sorting machines , so I was specifically looking for envelopes without clasps -LRB- if you need to mail an envelope with a clasp , do n't use it and tape over it , to streamline the envelope -RRB- . These envelopes are sturdy enough I feel confident my stories will get there in one piece -LRB- and I know they do arrive intact -RRB- .
 Ordered this product for my office , no other commercial office supplies have this product , and the quality of the envelope are excellent not cheap like other stores & they are very durable . I will ALWAYS order these catalog envelopes !
 Looks good and it accomplishes what it is supposed to . The color is good and it arrived on time expected .
 These fasteners work in securing paperwork and bases and prongs together saves money -LSB- sometimes less than one or the other alone , depending on whose product you buy and quantity -RSB- . Holds sufficiently for my needs .
 They are a good idea and I like the concept . They are n't quite long enough . When fastening a thick stack of papers , they need to be a little longer in order . They do work though . The length just makes them a little harder to use .
 These are simple and cheap . They work perfectly well for the purpose . The delivery was excellent . I would not hesitate to reorder these again .
 I researched underdesk keyboard holders for a long time . Most are expensive and they often do n't seem to deliver what the customer needed . My desk is a bit tall and my high chair have arms that extend close to the desk . The position of this drawer can be adjusted pretty good . More than most . I like that it clamps to the edge of the desk , contrary to others that require drilling and thus damaging a fine desk . Specially if you need to reposition ! This one custumizes to my needs . I also like the wrist pad and the fact that the mouse tray is movable as well and it is next to the keyboard area , which is a must for avid researchers like me . It also contains a hidden compartment under the wrist pad , which I did n't know when I bought it . I love it .
 This product is great-especially with the ruled lines for organiztion . We use it for business meetings on our easel stand with dry erase or permanent markers . Prefer ruled over non ruled . The backing is a bit flimsy and the packaging was okay -LRB- one corner was damaged -RRB- but still great .
 I bought this for my classroom and it is a very versatile product . . It is an affordable way to display vocabulary words , objectives , goals , etc. .
 Think everything 's gone digital ? Not so ! For those of us who love the tactile nature of holding onto the business cards we come across and are visual enough to want to see them again , this file is the best way to keep them . Resources , vendors , clients , or tidbits ... this can hold them all . Comes with a-z cards , a hinged cover , and space to write in some personal tidbits . Great , great tool for organizing your drawers , your desk , and your office .
 Good product . Thin coil . Good for small keys . Shipping was higher than most but received fairly quickly .
 the coil is nice and thick , not skinny and flmsy at all like the old one I had - this will work just fine for me -
 It 's a simple wrist coil key chain made of soft plastic . Had it for a month and it seems durable . I helps me mnot to lose my keys .
 Thank s a lotI could not find any kind of these things around my neghbor.It was things that I really wanted it and then found it !
 My job requires me to have access to my keys at all times , and this key chain works great ! Stays on my wrist/arm with no problem !
 used for a church fund raiser . looked like the real thing.would have been nice to get a smaller package option
 This item was just as described in the ad and arrived on time . It is nice to get a Great Deal .
 Great price ; arrived ahead of schedule . Pads work great for sharing ideas . I use them for Transformational Church Consulting to post for everyone to see . I would recommend them to anyone . Some markers will bleed through ; I tested BEFORE hanging them on the walls .
 These last forever - lots of sheets in each tablet
 As a lefty , I hate that regular spiral notebooks dig into my hand when I write . Since the spirals are on the top , I do n't have to worry about changing my writing position when I use this notebook . Also , very professional looking , I use this to take notes when interviewing patients in the hospital .
 I bought these to be my To Do List that I carry with me quite frequently . Months along and it 's still holding up fine to the abuse and the paper quality is nice . The backing is stiff without being bulky . Everything I have needed it to be .
 I have been using this stand daily at work for about a year and am very happy with it . My five star review is for the stand only and not the accessories . I do not use the magnet -LRB- though it seems strong enough for a couple of sheets -RRB- , the plastic clip , or line guide . My impression of the clip and line guide is that they are cheaply constructed and I was glad they were not permanently attached to the stand.The stand itself is excellent . It is constructed completely of metal and it has a wide and tall lip at the bottom for holding probably about 150 pages . I use it everyday and it holds a few pages , or a stack of pages very well . The bottom lip is about a half inch tall so if you are reading documents with text that goes into the bottom margin you may have to pull the sheet out a little . Much better than myFellowes Copystand Copyholder - Platinumof the same size , which has a poor bottom lip.The rear legs are very sturdy and simple . They do not have steps -LRB- that some stands have to vary the angle of the face -RRB- but do have rubber bumpers on the bottom which allow you to position the legs at an intermediate angle . I primarily use the stand with the legs opened to the fullest angle and have n't had a need to adjust it . The rubber feet on bottom seem affixed well . I assume they are glued on , but after a year of full use there is no `` migrating '' or sliding of the rubber feet on the metal . When the stand is open to the fullest angle the rubber feet do not come in contact with the surface . I ca n't tell if this is by design or not . My stand is even and secure without the feet touching the desk surface . The legs fold into face of the stand , keeping them out of the way if you need to store or transport it.In conclusion , this is a heavy duty and sturdy stand that is made simply and well . If you need more features you may want to look elsewhere , but if you just need to hold papers while you work , this is worth the money over a plastic one .
 I 've bought this copy holder for different job sites , my home office , and my daughter 's desk . Also use this for holding open my cookbooks . LOVE this product . Very well made , very sturdy , folds flat for easy moving . Highly recommend !
 This has been an awesome addition to my office . The ruler could be a little more sturdy , but it works just the same . I love it . I would recommend this to anybody !
 So I just got this today and I 'll admit I have n't used to all that much , but I definitely like it so far . The assembly instructions did confuse me a little at first because it 's hard to tell from the diagram exactly how to attach the track for the line guide and the first time I put it on I did put it on backwards . However it was easy to remove and put back on the right way and overall fairly simple to assemble once I understood how the line guide was supposed to go . The bottom rest for your papers is nice and thick allowing you to rest things like notebooks in the tray . Right now I have two legal pads one of which is inside of leather binder in the tray and they fit well . The clip works nicely and the lightweight paper holder does n't take up a lot of space on my desk . This was essentially exactly what I was looking for and I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 I was looking for a very sturdy copyholder but apparently the stores , such as Staples , Office Max , etc. , do n't cary them any more . If they have copyholders at all , they are very flimsy , plastic , and cheap . I was thrilled to find this all-metal holder on Amazon that was sturdy and stable . Makes my life as a medical writer much easier . In fact , I ordered two -- one for home and one for office .
 I bought this for my kids . It is very durable and they love the blue color . Arrived quickly .
 Nothing negative to say on these refills . Fit 's perfectly in my Clover 28mm rotary cutter -LRB- which it should as it is made by clover ! -RRB- . Received this pretty quick through Amazon .
 This is just what I wanted and could not find in my local JoAnn 's or quilt shop . I will order again when I need more blades .
 I just completed a chenille baby blanket with this rotary cutter ! It just took minutes ! I love that you can adjust to the number of layers you have in your item . The only thing I had to do was to start the rows with scissors . That is n't a problem with the cutter , but I had n't secured my stitches at the end of the rows and when I tried to start the cutter , it pulled on the stitches . I will be making more chenille items now that I have this little gem !
 I found these at a clearance store a few years ago . They have faded significantly after 4 YEARS exposure to the elements with no protection on an aluminum horse trailer . I need some more , and I 'm glad to buy them again . They 're very well worth it .
 At $ 3.88 , this was the lowest cost binder I could find on Amazon -LRB- at 2inches , with D-rings -RRB- . Ring construction seems pretty solid for the price.Its probably not sturdy enough to carry around in a backpack every day . If you just need it to hold papers and live on a shelf most of its life , I think it will be fine.It has 3 nice pockets on the inside front and back cover . I thought this was a pleasant and unexpected detail.Edit - I just came back to buy more binders . looks like the price jumped from $ 3.88 to about $ 10 . $ 4 or $ 5 is about right for the construction . At $ 10 , I 'm going to look for something else .
 I bought this binder to organize some of my teaching materials , and it 's nice and heavy . I also love the EZD binder system since it keeps the papers at the back of the binder from getting squished.In case it 's not clear from the photo , there is no clear pocket insert on the cover , so you ca n't slide a piece of paper into the front.Works well for the cost !
 I use this binder to store a chron file for my condo association past year 's business papers . I like the Avery because it is durable , solid and really holds up well over the years . The only thing I wish it had was a clear plastic spine sleeve so I could insert titles and years - instead of writing on the binder .
 This three ring binder was purchased on sale at very reasonable price . The website made it easy to order the product and it was mailed in a timely manner . I did not contact customer service re this item . The picture and description of the article were accurate . The binder is just what I needed for my project .
 This fit the typewriter -LRB- one of the listed models -RRB- correctly and seems to work well . -LRB- What more can you need from typewriter ribbon ... ? -RRB-
 I ordered these for my father in law and he says they 're excellent for the price , a very nice product .
 If you have to put out mailings of 100 + pieces you need this gadget . Peel and stick postage stamps are a cinch to apply with the Premier stamper . It 's design is simple but flawless , the -LRB- rolled -RRB- stamps come out one at a time and the backer paper separates and is automatically rolled up in the back . The instructions are on the back of the wrapper , but it 's as easy to load and use as a camera . I can affix about a stamp a second and you never have to touch the stamp roll after the machine is loaded . It 's well made , I 'm sure I will have this handy dandy stamper for years to come . Thanks Premier !
 After having this thing for a few months , and having the same complaint as nearly all of you , I got an idea . I had a stamp stuck in it , so I had to take it apart to get it out , and when putting it back together , I left off the center band of the 3 o-ring style rubber bands that act as belts . All I can say is `` finally , THIS is the way its supposed to work ! '' Removing just one of those bands makes all the difference in the world , it does n't pull as hard , so it does n't rip the backing paper , does n't pull stamps too hard , etc. . Mind , you , I should not have had to do that in the first place , thus why I only gave it a 4 , but for those of you having trouble , or finding that you have to press really hard on the rubber wheel , try removing that center band , and see if that does n't help . Take the cover off gently , and gently pop the bottom apart at the seam , and it 'll pop right back together . Getting the steel rod where the backing paper disconnects from the stamp is tricky , but once you do it , it works like a dream .
 I would rate it 6 stars if I could , but I ca n't . I think most of the reviewers fail to realize that this is better than the alternative of placing one stamp on a envelope by hand . I use to run two business offices in my early twenties and use this device exclusively to mail out monthly statements and paying bills -LRB- with checks -RRB- . This device cut my mail out time in half . The biggest problem I had with the device is the time period it took to learn how to use the device . Some people on hear complain about tearing their first , second or third roll of stamps . These suckers gave up to quickly . It took me at least 10 rolls to figure out the proper technique to use this product accurately.Fast forward to now ... Now I 'm a real estate agent who mails out 400 + pieces of mail a week . -LRB- I know it 's 2011 , whose reading their mail -RRB- . Everybody . I already own one of these devices for my $ .44 stamp roll and I need a affixer for my $ .29 rolls . I will be purchasing 2 today because they are too hard to find . This device paired with my BesSeal envelope sealer will continue to be a staple in my office . I 'm glad so many people gave this device a negative review because I can purchase 2 for the price of one.If you are looking to run your mail room efficiently and you do not want to sign a contract with for a standalone system , this is the device for you . IT will save you time in the long run . Do n't give up on it the 1st , 2nd or 3rd roll of stamps .
 I really like the stamp affixer . It 's truly is a great product . It saves my mailroom dept. lots of time in preparing envelopes , etc. for mailing . Rather than manually taking time to peel and stick the stamp , you simply roll it across the envelope and voila ! It 's also very easy to insert the stamp rolls . Nice product , thank you !
 Have had one of these for years loved it needed one for club that requires me to mail a lot of letters . Post Office is n't smart enough to carry .
 Ok , so I have owned one of these affixers for about a year now . While it is good for keeping your stamps handy , it always seemed to jam when used for large mailings . After much frustration , I finally decided to see what everyone else had to say . Seems like this problem is universal.I read one review in which the reviewer popped the outer casing open and removed the center band from the rollers . Tried it and the difference is night and day ! Was n't terribly difficult to put back together , as long as you get the metal pin in the right place . All said , I would highly recommend taking off this center band to anyone having difficulty with the affixer . Does n't jam anymore and it does n't take quite as much pressure to affix the stamp .
 Solid chair , decent price , the back has no tilt or it would be a 5 star.Shipped safely and in decent time .
 Chair was just what I expected . Good product for the right price.Did have to go online to see how to put it together but was able to without much delay . I would receommend this product .
 Another great transaction & service from Amazon sellers . Best price around for the chair , better than ebay . Thanks !
 This chair was easy to assemble and has worked out good . It is what I expected for the price . It is comfortable and rolls great on concrete floors !
 Chair was exactly as described . Assembly was easy . I 've been using this chair for about 6 weeks and it fits my work place quite well . It is light enough for me to have carried it up a flight of stairs to my office , yet it is stable enough that I do n't have to worry about tipping over . The height adjustment works well too-it stays where I set it and does n't go up or down when I least expect it like other chairs I have used in the past .
 I was in need of a drafting chair that was adjustable with arms and back support . I researched and found this product . The chair is great and easy to assemble if you go to the manufacturers website . The instructions included were not for the right product and were cryptic at best . The quality of the chair surpassed what I expected given that I paid less than $ 150.00 . I definitely love this chair .
 Exactly as expected - good value . Had a little trouble putting it together but they were very helpful . Purchased two to replace our fabric ones - these should hold up a lot longer .
 Solid chair , decent price , the back has no tilt or it would be a 5 star.Shipped safely and in decent time .
 Chair was just what I expected . Good product for the right price.Did have to go online to see how to put it together but was able to without much delay . I would receommend this product .
 Another great transaction & service from Amazon sellers . Best price around for the chair , better than ebay . Thanks !
 This chair was easy to assemble and has worked out good . It is what I expected for the price . It is comfortable and rolls great on concrete floors !
 Chair was exactly as described . Assembly was easy . I 've been using this chair for about 6 weeks and it fits my work place quite well . It is light enough for me to have carried it up a flight of stairs to my office , yet it is stable enough that I do n't have to worry about tipping over . The height adjustment works well too-it stays where I set it and does n't go up or down when I least expect it like other chairs I have used in the past .
 I was in need of a drafting chair that was adjustable with arms and back support . I researched and found this product . The chair is great and easy to assemble if you go to the manufacturers website . The instructions included were not for the right product and were cryptic at best . The quality of the chair surpassed what I expected given that I paid less than $ 150.00 . I definitely love this chair .
 Exactly as expected - good value . Had a little trouble putting it together but they were very helpful . Purchased two to replace our fabric ones - these should hold up a lot longer .
 Solid chair , decent price , the back has no tilt or it would be a 5 star.Shipped safely and in decent time .
 Chair was just what I expected . Good product for the right price.Did have to go online to see how to put it together but was able to without much delay . I would receommend this product .
 Another great transaction & service from Amazon sellers . Best price around for the chair , better than ebay . Thanks !
 This chair was easy to assemble and has worked out good . It is what I expected for the price . It is comfortable and rolls great on concrete floors !
 Chair was exactly as described . Assembly was easy . I 've been using this chair for about 6 weeks and it fits my work place quite well . It is light enough for me to have carried it up a flight of stairs to my office , yet it is stable enough that I do n't have to worry about tipping over . The height adjustment works well too-it stays where I set it and does n't go up or down when I least expect it like other chairs I have used in the past .
 I was in need of a drafting chair that was adjustable with arms and back support . I researched and found this product . The chair is great and easy to assemble if you go to the manufacturers website . The instructions included were not for the right product and were cryptic at best . The quality of the chair surpassed what I expected given that I paid less than $ 150.00 . I definitely love this chair .
 Exactly as expected - good value . Had a little trouble putting it together but they were very helpful . Purchased two to replace our fabric ones - these should hold up a lot longer .
 Solid chair , decent price , the back has no tilt or it would be a 5 star.Shipped safely and in decent time .
 Chair was just what I expected . Good product for the right price.Did have to go online to see how to put it together but was able to without much delay . I would receommend this product .
 Another great transaction & service from Amazon sellers . Best price around for the chair , better than ebay . Thanks !
 This chair was easy to assemble and has worked out good . It is what I expected for the price . It is comfortable and rolls great on concrete floors !
 Chair was exactly as described . Assembly was easy . I 've been using this chair for about 6 weeks and it fits my work place quite well . It is light enough for me to have carried it up a flight of stairs to my office , yet it is stable enough that I do n't have to worry about tipping over . The height adjustment works well too-it stays where I set it and does n't go up or down when I least expect it like other chairs I have used in the past .
 I was in need of a drafting chair that was adjustable with arms and back support . I researched and found this product . The chair is great and easy to assemble if you go to the manufacturers website . The instructions included were not for the right product and were cryptic at best . The quality of the chair surpassed what I expected given that I paid less than $ 150.00 . I definitely love this chair .
 Exactly as expected - good value . Had a little trouble putting it together but they were very helpful . Purchased two to replace our fabric ones - these should hold up a lot longer .
 Solid chair , decent price , the back has no tilt or it would be a 5 star.Shipped safely and in decent time .
 Chair was just what I expected . Good product for the right price.Did have to go online to see how to put it together but was able to without much delay . I would receommend this product .
 Another great transaction & service from Amazon sellers . Best price around for the chair , better than ebay . Thanks !
 This chair was easy to assemble and has worked out good . It is what I expected for the price . It is comfortable and rolls great on concrete floors !
 Chair was exactly as described . Assembly was easy . I 've been using this chair for about 6 weeks and it fits my work place quite well . It is light enough for me to have carried it up a flight of stairs to my office , yet it is stable enough that I do n't have to worry about tipping over . The height adjustment works well too-it stays where I set it and does n't go up or down when I least expect it like other chairs I have used in the past .
 I was in need of a drafting chair that was adjustable with arms and back support . I researched and found this product . The chair is great and easy to assemble if you go to the manufacturers website . The instructions included were not for the right product and were cryptic at best . The quality of the chair surpassed what I expected given that I paid less than $ 150.00 . I definitely love this chair .
 Exactly as expected - good value . Had a little trouble putting it together but they were very helpful . Purchased two to replace our fabric ones - these should hold up a lot longer .
 Solid chair , decent price , the back has no tilt or it would be a 5 star.Shipped safely and in decent time .
 Chair was just what I expected . Good product for the right price.Did have to go online to see how to put it together but was able to without much delay . I would receommend this product .
 Another great transaction & service from Amazon sellers . Best price around for the chair , better than ebay . Thanks !
 This chair was easy to assemble and has worked out good . It is what I expected for the price . It is comfortable and rolls great on concrete floors !
 Chair was exactly as described . Assembly was easy . I 've been using this chair for about 6 weeks and it fits my work place quite well . It is light enough for me to have carried it up a flight of stairs to my office , yet it is stable enough that I do n't have to worry about tipping over . The height adjustment works well too-it stays where I set it and does n't go up or down when I least expect it like other chairs I have used in the past .
 I was in need of a drafting chair that was adjustable with arms and back support . I researched and found this product . The chair is great and easy to assemble if you go to the manufacturers website . The instructions included were not for the right product and were cryptic at best . The quality of the chair surpassed what I expected given that I paid less than $ 150.00 . I definitely love this chair .
 Exactly as expected - good value . Had a little trouble putting it together but they were very helpful . Purchased two to replace our fabric ones - these should hold up a lot longer .
 they are very nice my grandson is in jail and he shares them with his inmate friends and sends the family we have a big family
 Sorted and wrapped a pile of coins that had been collecting around the house for years . Machine worked very well . Occasionally it would mis-sort a penny into the nickel stack . The only real problem was that I had a few dollar coins that I accidently dumped in the sorter . They were too large to come out through any of the sort portals so they just banged around inside the machine . I had to take it apart to get them out -LRB- remove 4 screws -RRB- . That 's the only reason I do n't give this 5 stars . I 'm happy with the machine and glad I bought it .
 I bought this one because I did not want to waste at least $ 30 on a cheaper one and have it break or not work . Im glad I just went and bought a good one from the start . This sorter works really good and I bought it on `` sale '' so it is great .
 This thing is solid and never jams . It just goes to show that buying two pieces of crap never makes sense -LRB- pun intended ; `` cents '' get it ? -RRB- and you should just spend a little more for a quality product in the first place .
 Have n't had it very long , but it works very well.I put a hand full of coins in it all at once and it did n't jamb up like my old one used to .
 Works great , it does not jam ! Before buying it I read many of the reviews . I am glad I did since I was replacing my old one which I had had for many years . This one is better and the one I replaced was good but broke when it jammed .
 This item was purchased as a gift and was just what the person was looking for . Quiet and easy to use .
 This product worked nicely for what I needed it for . I wrapped $ 1,000.00 in quarters only.If you don.t try to pack as much coins in at one time it works . The only problem I had was that the wrappers are to long so you can not fill up to the required amount . I had to manually add 2 coins to complete the roll . The machine still made my job easier .
 I received the Royal Sovereign Fast Sort Coin Sorter today and rolled $ 175.00 worth of mixed coins and it fun to use . Be sure to get the pre formed Royal Sovereign Assorted Coin Preformed Wrappers to go with it . The preformed wrappers go in to the coin tubes before sorting and make wrapping really easy.It is a little slow . I was expecting it to spin and whirl and spit out the coins but it 's more methodical , kind of a retro . It 's inner workings are something from the pre-digital age and covered in plastic . I would not want a sorter that was any slower.It jammed up when I dumped a whole bunch of coins in it all at once . But a good shake got it started sorting again . A hand full of coins is just about the right ammount . It 's going to be the perfect place to deposit pocket change at the end of the day . The On/Off switch is temperamental and it is n't exactly silent when running.Most importantly , I checked the count on a few rolls for accuracy and it was dead on . Over all I think it is a great value for the price and I am very please with my purchase.I am off to dig through the couch for loose change .
 Works just fine , did what it was supposed to do . You do n't want to pile the money in on it , just take it slow and it will do the job . Occasionally if you get a bit too much in it , it will drag the motor down , but it always took back off and finished up . Thats the reason for 4 stars , motor needs to be a little bit stronger .
 does what it 's supposed to with the -LRB- more than -RRB- occasional nickel going into the penny tube . cheesy on/off switch that i 'm afraid of breaking . easily paid for itself when compared to cost for sorting at the supermarket . the best feature is that i share it with family and friends who come up with creative ideas and ways to compensate me for the sorting !
 What a great little gadget . The only negative is that if you put too much change in at once -LRB- more than a handful or two -RRB- , the machine gets bogged down and starts throwing coins in the wrong slots . The paper refills fit perfectly in the plastic holders and make counting a cinch ! I highly recommend this sorter for home use !
 We -LRB- me and the wife -RRB- collect coins and use them for the kids -LRB- extra for the birthdays etc -RRB- and we ended up using the coin collection machines at supermarkets which charge a % for using them . With this we can roll and count the coins take em to the bank without too much work . It 's not the swiftest of machines but then again we do n't use it all that often . Do n't think it would be good for a business or such but good enough for home . Warning it only comes with 2 or 3 wrappers so you need to order some too , I do n't know for sure but understand that the bank wrappers dont work here , Just an FYI
 Coins that are larger than 25 , get stuck in the machine and they are hard to get out . Sorter does continue to work without any problems , even if u ca n't get the larger coin out .
 Only disappointment , so far , is that there were so few wrappers included so testing it was limited until we receive more . It worked beautifully and appears to be exactly what we 've been looking for . Simple to use , very fast and sorted correctly with no problems .
 Got this item for a hairdresser friend . She loves it . She says that it cantake as many coins as you can put in , sorts , stacks and puts into rollers withease . Outshines the last two sorters she tried , they locked if over 10 coins were put in at a time . Highly recommend if you do bunches of coins often .
 The coin-sorter works very well and when used correctly does n't jam at all . It also works fast and accurate .
 Bought this for my FIL . He says it works great and he absolutely loves it . First one he has had that has n't jammed and works exactly as described . He is a finicky 94 year old and very hard to please so if he likes it , it must be good !
 I used this Royal Soveriegn Sorter -LRB- RSS -RRB- on a collection of over $ 1,100 in coins with no malfunctions by doing some pre-sorting . I used this counter on only quarters , dimes , and nickles and sorted them into pre-formed type coin tubes . The pennies were taken in bulk to the commercial counter/sorter machine in the local market that charges 8 % for this service , or $ 2.80 to count and sort 3500 pennies . This is too small a savings to do it myself and saves much time by not running them through the RSS . The RSS can only sort a handfull of coins at a time which is fast enough as a pause must be taken each time a coin stack is filled to place that stack in a wrapper . It took two days to wrap $ 1,112 in coins this way , a savings of $ 88.96 over having them done by a commercial machine , not counting the cost of wrappers.After counting and sorting , a second `` check '' count was performed by weighing each wrapped stack on an accurate dietary scale and mis-counts corrected . Mis-counts were found on all types of coins but most often on dimes .
 This is a great little machine ; You do n't need to spend more money on a sorter . I rolled $ 1100 in a couple hours without a single jam . Rated 4 stars instead of 5 because it does incorrectly slot coins once in a while . Tip
 This coin sorter does what it 's supposed to do with a minimum of fuss . A tap here , a coin on the floor there , it does a nice job even if you do n't buy the presorted rollers . Still , a little larger to store than I thought it was .
 I have tried other products for rolling my spare change . I have found this to work very well and very fast . be carefull not to overload it and you will find it does a great job . I just purchased another one for my son in law as a birthday present .
 It 's true that sometimes at the top of the column a coin or two fall into the bowl below , but that 's very easy to remedy . As long as you have the cylinder full -LRB- flat even to the top -RRB- , it 's the right amount for the coin sleeves . I counted the first time to be sure . And it 's sure faster than doing it by hand , as I used to .
 This was purchased as a gift for a family member who travels 11 months out of the year and has at least $ 400-600 in various coins . This device works great , make sure you fill it to the top . It allows a fast process of in-home coin rolling and no `` fee '' to be paid at the bank for the same function . Recommend if you have the need .
 I have been using this machine about 2 months now and have had no problems at all . I find it is better to just have the coins go into the plastic holders and when it fills up then just slide the coins into the wrapper - takes only seconds !
 My husband always saves his coins in wrappers and this machine works so well . The only problem is that a full wrapper is always one coin short . Otherwise , he loves it .
 I use this sorter with high volume , and it works great , the anti-jam feature is perfect ! But the internal hopper does not seem to work for me , but it is ok . I took it apart and lubed it with some plastic grease and it seems to work a lot better . After high volumes it starts to squeak from coin dirt . Overall , I would buy it again if I was not going to purchase a commercial unit !
 So far so good . I 've never had it jam on me and the overflow coins are easy to reinsert into it .
 I have been through a few coin sorters . I rarely sort coins ... What ive been doing is using the input bin as a coin bucket . Any spare change goes in there , and when it gets full I turn it on and get a few rolls out of it . Works better than any coin sorter I 've seen or come across .
 For the price , this was a great product . I recommend getting the preformed coin wrappers for ease of transfer . I had a bunch of change to sort when received , but otherwise wo n't use this that often , maybe monthly . Would recommend this purchase .
 It works great . We rolled approximately $ 500 in coins very quickly . We just kept a steady stream of coins going into the hopper , without trying to overload it . The only comment I have is the on/off switch just seems a little loose , for lack of a better way to describe it . We 're very pleased with it !
 This sorter was as promised and functioned reliably . It is being used as a sorter sometimes and as a feeder to a penny sorter and it just does all we expected at a reasonable speed . No jams either .
 I purchased the Royal Sovereign Fast Sort CO-1000 for a family member . He always has spare chage . This product was not only helpful in sorting the coins ... but we had no idea how much money he had in spare change . It is a very good product . I really like the anti-jam feature ... but it makes quite a bit of noise -LRB- the only reason I took a star off its score -RRB- . We did use coin wrappers . For all the coins we sorted , not too many missed their tubes and landed in the overflow tray .
 This unit is larger than all the one-row sorters I 've seen , but it 's the dependable functionality that is important . I 've had other sorters that eventually clogged up or mis-sorted coins after months of use . This is one of this unit 's selling points . I hope it 's true because it is double the price of the other sorters that I 've owned . One thing I did notice is that the on/off switch has a loose feel to it . I hope that it does n't become a problem in the future .
 Great sorter !! Most reliable sorter I 've ever had . My gripes are minor , mainly you need to remove 3 screws to take the cover off to remove odd coins it ca n't sort . There is an overflow bin , where coins can fall if the tubes are full , but half dollars/dollar coins will just rattle around inside it until you remove the cover and take them out . Otherwise works great !
 This sorter does everything as advertised . It does n't jamb . I can dump a coffee cup of coins into the sorter and it handles it perfectly . The 110v power gives this coin sorter the power it needs . I wish I would have purchased this unit first after I have gone through 2 battery powered units .
 My husband love , love , loves to sort his coins each night . I was tired of his frustration with cheap big box store sorters which worked for a few months and then were broken . Now he has this fast , superior sorter and he is as happy a kid in snow . It does n't jam . It is very quiet . I like that you can use wrappers or the clear acrylic tubes to collect the coins . The machine comes with a trouble-shooting guide but we have not needed it yet . Now he 's having a good time . This product has made us both very happy .
 This is a decent product for the price . The motor does sound a little slow and when I first turned it on , I thought it was broken . A quick test with coins and it does the job as intended . I do take issue with the Amazon description . This is not the two row model , it only holds four rolls at a time . It is quick enough so this does n't matter but if you 're ordering this for double rows , choose the higher priced model . I purchased this for a Christmas gift but it passed the test right out of the box .
 All in all , this coin sorter works well . The hopper holds a fair amount of coins and the sorting is fast ; sometimes too fast to keep up with . I bought the Royal Sovereign coin wrappers with this but it uses the standard round coin wrappers that you can get in any office supply stores . The documentation says you can use flat but that round works better . I have n't tested the flat . You 'll probably want to buy extra penny wrappers too ; I used upwards of 3 or 4 penny wrappers for every one of anything else.The only problems I had were that some pennies ended up in the dime wrapper and vice versa . I 've had this same problem with other cheaper sorters but the problem I did n't have with this one were jams . Of the $ 103 in change I sorted , I had 0 jams.I would n't consider this a `` premium '' coin sorter but it is definitely an improvement over the chintzy versions that come out around Christmas time and I am happy with this purchase .
 I had a hard time selecting a coin sorter because so many of them seem to have poor reviews . This one had mostly good reviews so I took a chance . I 'm really glad I bought it ! It 's simple to use and not very noisy -LRB- has a ticking sound but it is supposed to -RRB- . I rolled about $ 300 worth of coins throughout the day . The only problems I had came up when I had too many of the same coin -LRB- pennies -RRB- at one time . It got a little backed up and then pennies started coming out of the nickel and dime slots . Also , since this machine does n't have a digital counter , I had to count up the first roll of each kind to figure out when I had the right amount . The coins line up with the rims of the tubes , but coins vary so it is n't always accurate . Beyond that , very happy with it .
 I bought this product as a present for my parents as they have a lot of loose change that they keep around the house . Out of all the products , this one seemed to be the best fit and indeed , for a reasonable price , it was easy to use . My parents really enjoyed it . My only concern is that my parents still feel the need to count the coins to make sure they are the right amount given that even when the coins are filled to the top , there are sometimes still one or two missing . It kind of defeats the purpose in a way , but I 'm not sure if it 's because they are meticulous or if it is a product defect . Nonetheless , they have enjoyed the product and it has served a purpose of them being more organized about their change .
 I have tried many different sorters and this is the first one that works well . Holds a large amount of coins and as long as you wait until the coins are level with the plastic coin slots , you get an accurate count .
 I was very happy with the coin sorter I purchased . It was fast and did n't jam once . Much better than a cheaper sorter I had tried before .
 Very impressed ! Worked as it said , counts perfect , easily filled the pre made wrappers , and is FAST !
 Product works just as advertised . No jams so far . I eveluated other products and chose the Royal CO-1000 and am happy that I did.Dennis
 After looking at a variety of coin sorters , some costing as much as $ 150 in the speciality catalogs , I decided to risk $ 43 on this one and have been happy with the purchase . I had several large coffee cans filled with pocket change from over the years and I was able to sort and wrap them in approximately 5 hours of work time . It would have been nice if the description of the product provided some information on the types of coin wrappers that work best and I would have ordered some with the machine . I just had some of the folded paper ones from the bank , but with some practise it was workable to slip the wrapper inside the plastic tube around the coins . The only complaint that I have is that most of ones change is pennies and in sorting , the pennies tube fills moire quickly than the others , which then causes the pennies to jam inside the machine and then the sorting breaks down and pennies start going into the nickels and dimes slots .
 Excellent coin sorter . It really does the job on large lots unlike my old machine and I like the overflow in the FRONT of the unit .
 Hey It does it 's job very Well ... No jamming ... No Issues so far ... It 's Quick and Painless ! Place Coins in let them sort and then take change to bank ... Great Product
 this is a great product . rarely misses the coin wrapper . never jams up & is very fast .
 After checking staples and office depot I bought the co 1000from amazon . It is far superior to what is sold at office supply stores . It works perfectly and has not jammed once . I have sorted over $ 500 in coins and not once did it make an error . I like the fact it is not battery operated . I would have rated it a 5 but I do n't like the on/off switch , it is the only part of the machine that is built cheaply . Royal should add a better switch and this item would be perfect . Having said that I highly recommend this product .
 I rolled $ 710 in loose change with this in a couple of hours -LRB- most of the time was taken up in removing , closing and then replacing the coin rolls -RRB- , and it worked perfectly . It 's quiet when it 's turned on ; battery-operated ones seem quite noisy by comparison , although I suppose it 's about the same once you load it with coins . It never jammed , and the cover can be taken off to remove coins that wo n't sort . A few Susan B. Anthony coins got mixed in because of their close size and color to a quarter , and they just clanked around inside until I removed the cover to get them out . A removeable cover is a plus , because you can clean the dirt that will accumulate from sorting a lot of coins . My old battery-operated sorter was ruined because of this ; it gummed up , the coins would no longer slide freely through it , and there was no way to take it apart to clean . The only negative so far is the on-off switch , which is why I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 . It 's a little loose and sloppy when I slide it to the on or off postion instead of a crisp click , and since it 's plastic I try to handle it gently so it wo n't break off . Other than that , if it survives all the use it will get , I think it 's worth the price .
 This sorter is great . I bought and tried the sorter that 's sold in all the major retail stores and took it right back after it malfunctioned badly . The malfunctioning sorter threw pennies in every slot . My daughter then told me that she had had the same problem.The Royal Sovereign sorter , so far , works like a charm .
 So far I think its a good product . It makes things much easier for me . It 's easy to use and its pretty fast . If you put too many coins in there it gets jammed up so only do a handful at a time .
 This product works as advertised . It works well , and is quite fast . The only gripes I have are :1 -RRB- You can accidentally insert foreign or other size coins -LRB- half-dollars , dollars , etc -RRB- , and they end up staying in the sorting mechanism . You have to remove a few screws , and take them out . But this is n't a big deal .2 -RRB- You have to fill the cylinders all the way to the top or right above . If it is just below the top of the cylinder , then you are likely short one coin . You should count out the first few rolls , to get a feeling of the correct height . With the wearing of coins , I doubt that there is much that can be done about this , without the machine actually counting coins.All in all , I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 This product performs great . It has never jammed and `` clicks '' along handling coin after coin . The clicking you hear is the anti-jamming device . It is actually a rather quiet device . You can use either pre-formed wrappers or no wrapper . There are a couple points of non-perfection . You must be near an outlet -LRB- not a very long cord -RRB- . You must place the device on a level surface -LRB- or the coins may not fall into the tubes -RRB- . You will occasionally have a dime drop in the penny slot -LRB- keep an eye out for this -RRB- . Would highly recommend for home users who love to save that pocket change . Would not recommend for serious commercial use .
 I purchased this coin sorter in July of 2008 after much research . No one seemed to have a lot of good to say about sorters in general and even this one has some negative reports , but I took a chance and I could n't be happier . It 's even fun to use . You can just toss your coins in the large opening in the top , flip on the switch and Bing , Bam , Boom , your coins are sorted and put in to cylinders that hold your coin rolls . When you turn it on you hear a clicking sound ... not to worry , that 's the anti-jam mechanism . Yes once in a while a coin will flop over the top of the cylinder , but there 's an overflow tray to catch it . Just throw it back in the hole to resort . Good quality and works great . Highly recommend it .
 I previously would go through one of those clear plastic coin sorters every year . Tried different brands and they still all broke . Decided to spend the money and get a more durable unit . I have been using for about 2 months now and it works great . Occasionally a coin will shoot past the wrapper or no go in flat but I had that problem with the cheaper models .
 Works great , accurate . Wrapped about $ 100 worth of coins so far.My four year old loves it , she puts in a hand full at a time and it works excellent . Dont pay $ 100 for those digital ones , get this one.I just put in several adult hands full of change , worked great .
 This product works very well . I had no issues . It was fast and did not jam after $ 120 sorted . I would recommend it . It would have been nice to get a few more coin wrapers with the product.Dennis
 This is my third coin sorter . The first two were battery operated . The 1st was a clear plastic piece of junk . Did n't last too long . The 2nd one I paid thirty some dollars for and it actually worked quite well . Ran on C batteries . I went to replace the batteries and I apparently put them in the wrong direction which instantly fried the machine . There were no + or - markings and I put them in wrong . I do n't quite understand how that could damage the machine that quick but it did . So , that leads me to this machine . I like the fact that it has a built in power supply and cord . No batteries . Upon receiving it , it quickly took care of about $ 150 dollars in loose change I had accumulated . It worked well . There were a couple of coins that did n't go in the tube , etc. . Nothing major . Be careful what you put in the machine . I had to take it apart because a guitar pick got mixed in with my coins and wedged on the inside of the unit . The first time I used it I had to take it apart to get that pick out and I was thinking , oh no not already ! But , it went back together well and seems to be working fine . I think this machine will give me good service and last for a while . At least , that is what I am hoping . Hence , `` So far , so good '' ...
 This is a great little machine , and worth the purchase price as compared to the battery operated machines which I had to junk because of jamming and battery run downs . A good investment if you have a bunch of coins that need to be sorted . Mine worked flawlessly sorting almost $ 400.00 in all denominations of coins . Highly recmmended product .
 lightweight , small in size , no pesky coin changing fees , a must for any person saving change for a rainy day
 We were very pleased with our coin sorter purchase . It works like a charm . . Very fast!Royal Sovereign Fast Sort Coin Sorter , Black -LRB- CO-1000 -RRB-
 I checked out alot of coin sorters to get my husband & found this one . He is obsessed with it . He like , I can dump ALL of my change in it . He said it 's so cool that instead of becareful of the number of coins you put in , it says watch out for your fingers ... LOLThanks , Great Product !
 love it very much . so far i never had any issues with the fuction and use . i know its a bit expensive than the others but it 's working well at this point .
 Being the Springer lover that I am , I 'm usually given a Springer calendar for Christmas . Nope - not this year . But boy am I happy ! I found this one on Amazon and it 's probably the cutest one I 've ever seen . It 's not your `` traditional '' pictures - it 's new and funky views . Very , very cute . I have it hung right over my desk : -RRB-
 Solid construction with quality wheels and bearings . Heavy duty enough for my sound equipment cabinet being loaded in and out of my pickup .
 Avery Hi - Liter is a large size marker that is makes lines of different widths that are easy to see through and dry within seconds . This particular Hi - Liter uses ink that is baby blue in color and it pleasing to the visual senses . It is n't fluorescent , but it is bright enough that it looks nice on a piece of paper.The barrel of this marker is made from plastic and it does n't have a comfort grip area . This can make it a little less comfortable if you use it regularly . I use highlighting markers for about twenty to thirty minutes each day so the presence of a gripping surface is n't that important to me . But I can understand why others - those who use their highlighting makers on a frequent basis - will consider this a flaw in the marker 's design.One bad thing about Avery Hi - Liter is that the ink will smear if touched too quickly . It wo n't smear the ink on the paper that it is intended to highlight . But the blue ink from the marker will smear a little bit if it is touched immediately after use . It takes about five seconds to dry completely so it should n't be too great of a problem . It depends on how quickly your hands touch the ink after it has swept across your paper . Avery has a newer line of highlighting markers that offer smear - proof protection but this marker is n't one of them.This highlighter emits a nasty , sour aroma but the good thing is that the smell is faint . Unless you make an effort to smell it , you wo n't notice it very much . This is good because some markers have a nasty , chemical smell that can be detected from several feet away . There is no such problem with Avery Hi - Liter . It does n't smell good , but the scent does n't travel very far.One other nice thing about this marker is that the cap can be left off for a long time without the tip drying out . According to Avery , it can be left off for up to one week without any adverse effects on the marking ability . I have no desire to test this claim so I will take Avery 's word on this . I have left the cap off of my marker for at least one full day without any problems so I can attest to that . But I will have to assume that Avery is being honest about the seven - day claim.Overall , this is a very good highlighter from Avery . It features a nice shade of sky blue and a chisel tip for making different line widths . It does n't have a gripping surface and it smears only a little and only if you touch it too quickly . It is n't the perfect highlighter but it is a good one and one I will continue to use .
 I love the look of this phone , old-fashioned but updated . The sound quality is excellent , and I like the retro sound of the ring . The only drawback to the phone is that you ca n't put a longer cord on the handset . For me , that was not really a problem . Otherwise , I might have only given it 4 stars .
 I 'VE ONLY HAD IT FOR A FEW WEEKS BUT I LOVE THE PHONE , THE ONLY THING I WOULD CHANCE WOULD BE POLISHED CHROME INSTEAD OF BRUSHED CHROME
 Copic paper is especially designed for use with copic pens , copic airbrushing , and mixing mediums . It holds up if you are doing a few layers of copic markers , as well as mixing ink and watercolor , etc. I love this paper and have used copic paper for years . I am not sure if I would recommend it especially for other kinds of markers besides copic markers , but I imagine that it would hold up well with other kinds of pens/markers as well.I bought this paper from Amazon and it arrived safely and was well-packaged so that the paper was safe and not bent at all .
 I unfortunately bought the wrong correction ribbon and would like to return it for the correct one . Evidently the one I need is a fabric variety . If you can help me with the right one I need I would appreciate it . The typing cartridge is the correct one .
 My friend loved the book . It went very well with the decor . She was very happy when she opened this .
 Loved them , my friends did too ! They are not top quality but sure are fun and a girl will always love some sparkle :0 -RRB-
 I recieved it about 3 days before they said i would get it . Very fast and cheap . I strongly recommend getting this .
 Got it very fast . Good quality . Not expensive . Thanks.Would recommend it.Nice to have done business.Will do it again .
 Great simple notebook but a note on the price . I stupidly bought this in September , when Amazon hikes up all the school supplies prices up ridiculously . This notebook was close to $ 3 . I was in a pinch and needed it quick , but I plan to either buy next year 's supplies in March or buy them at a discount overstock store .
 this is the cheapest notebook i found i cant believe how nice the paper quality is i order like 6
 I had some extra cash and bought this ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
 This purchase is such a no brainer . Note that Amazon only lets you buy a total of three of these , but it can help you make the $ 25 free shipping threshold . At present , these are going for 45 cents versus the 51 cents I paid . You can not purchase these in the grocery store for that price , which is where I usually get them . I go through these notebooks regularly , using them for shopping lists and planning events . Okay , I 'm getting to the point that at times I have to write things down because I ca n't remember them otherwise . You say , why not post its ? Yes , I use those too , but occasionally the project is much more than a post it can handle . For instance , when I go away for one or two weeks , there are a number of things I have to remember to do during the seven days before I leave . So , I dedicate a page for each day and write down the things that have to be done . Similarly , Thanksgiving is coming up . For the two weeks prior , I have a ton of things that need to be done before T Day , and then each day I check off the things as they are completed . Never mind Christmas . You get the idea . I do n't care about whether there is a particular quality to the paper or whether the perforation is perfect . The pages are torn out as tasks are completed . And yes , I have even given them to my grandkids for their school projects , with no complaints .
 This was a great buy at a great price . Best of all the shipping was free . Loved that it came in so many colors
 When it gets to back to school time , you can buy these for 15-20 cents and buy like 8 for the * sale * price you pay here . I gave it 5 stars because it IS a decent notebook for people who go through them quicky and it IS worth 15 cents .
 The Amazon price on the notebooks was fine , but getting them delivered was not smoooth or timely . Despite the fact I have a Prime Delivery subsctiption , the notebooks were late and got lost and I did not find Amazon 's customer service to be very helpful .
 I bought this note book by accident , though it is cheap . Actually it is cheaper than a college ruled note book . And after I receive this item , I find out that it is more suitable for me , because I usually write large characters.I am going to use wide ruled books from now on !
 After recently joining Amazon . com , and setting up an account . I very please with your products and services . Thank you very much . I will continue to use Amazon.com to purchases for books an d other products that I use on a regular basis .
 Yeah , it 's a little thin and the covers do n't give much writing support ... but hey , what do you expect for only just over a buck including shipping ? I would n't write an essay on it but it 's great for non-profesional everyday use , like jotting down notes , making lists , rough drafts , doing the math on something , and a hundred other uses . Best deal on Amazon for a product of it 's category !
 Really , can anyone complain !!?? Seriously , it is paper and its cheap . I use them for my college classes to take notes to study for exams . I ca n't complain !!
 Great price for these spiral books . I do n't really care about color , but it 's convenient to just order and get them at my doorstep without a trip to Staples . The paper quality is the best among notebooks I have used . Do n't use these too often now but is good quality for the times that I do .
 I looked for these for Weeks scouting every store in my city even local dollar stores and quick shops.add my daughters school was very specific that they must have nonperforated solid colored spiral notebooks ... finally looking here they were delivered in 3 days from me ordering and were exactly what my Childs school requested ... I 'm done scouting the stores next year I 'm going to one click school shop ...
 Notebooks arrived early and unharmed . Good product for the price . Definitely will buy more next time I need notebooks for class or short stories .
 This is book has a very cheap feel to it and it feels like the pages are going to rip easily , but you get what you paid for .
 I have used these notebooks for taking notes in class . They are durable and handy . I like having one notebook dedicated for each subject or class . It helps to keep things better organized . However , I do prefer the narrow ruled better and I usually wait until just before the new school year , usually in August , and go to WalMart and buy them 10 for a Dollar . If you can wait and plan ahead you can get them for a much better price .
 The Yorkshire Terrier Handbook is another magnificent entry in a very time deserving series . A very professional manual to dog
 This book is so specific to Yorkie needs ! Not your general run of the mill yorkie book . Teaches yorkie pressure points to control bleeding , the dilemma between using a water bottle dripper to a water bowl . WOW ; i am amazed at this detail . Also teaches you how to make their ears stand up . 5 STARS !
 A fantastic book . Every yorkie breeder should read this one . A great section on `` Medical Matters ''
 It helps you understand how to take care of your new tiny Yorkie if you 've never had one . They require much more than other dogs being so little & weekly baths & grooming . They are not just sweet lap dogs , very feisty .
 I was pleased with the time period it took for me to receive this book.It was in great condition .
 This book is very very useful . Not only it has lots of cute yorkie pics , but it contains lots of information about yorkshire terrier .
 It 's a ruler . It 's metal and straight . I assume it is accurate . I do n't know what else to say . I do wish the metric was on the ` flat ' side , though .
 These are exactly what I was looking for ! Simple , rubber tip for thumb or finger . Rubber appears to be high quality -LRB- no worries about tearing like some I 've seen -RRB- and the price for 12 is certainly reasonable.Once slight issue I had when trying to compare several sizes across Amazon was that the finger size was often not listed . There appear to be several different offerings from this manufacturer on Amazon ranging from small , to medium , to large , etcI obviously do n't know for the ones I did n't purchase , but for these -LRB- Med/Large , size 12 -RRB- they fit snugly on my fingers -LRB- my ring size is an 11 -RRB- and will are a tight -LRB- but workable -RRB- fit on my thumb.My they are loose on my wife 's fingers -LRB- 5.5 -RRB- , but would work on her thumb.Hope this helps !
 We use these on a daily basis in our business . The size we need is getting harder to find . No problem on Amazon !!!!! Thanks so much ! See you again , have a great holiday !!
 Too long so just cut them back a little bit ... If your fingers get sore from hitting the mouse a lot ... this item is perfect ...
 What really is there to say ? These are Swingline Medium/Large Rubber Finger Tips , Size 12 , 12-Pack . They work just fine .
 Yes ... paper files still do exist . And these rubber tips never go out of style . I ordered the 3 sizes to use on different fingers as I see fit . They are a must for flipping trough paper documents , especially when you hav dry fingertips . Super love them !!
 I have been looking for these since I went to work in my new office last August . I have used the rubber fingertips before and love them . I have one sitting on my computer at all times so that I can grab it and use it when I need to .
 Overall , these tips work very well at gripping papers , etc. , while protecting your finger . The tricky part is getting the correct size . I tried measuring my finger as suggested , and ordered the extra large size . Unfortunately , these were too big and slipped off all the time . I finally gave them to a big thumbed friend and ordered the large size . This size was a bit snug but worked very well and stayed put .
 These are nice to have around for a dollar and some change . Every once in a while I sort through a lot of paper and these do the trick -LRB- taxes , recipes , etc. -RRB- .
 The rubber is good quality and very durable . I bought the small because -LRB- I thought -RRB- I had small fingers . These are SMALL . I can still use them but they are a bit tight . Better to go for the medium size but I am still happy with them . My fault not knowing that small means SMALL .
 I work with paper all day long and need to have a snug fitting rubber finger tip . Our department has been unable to order anything smaller than a medium and I am continually losing it off my finger . These are just the right size and I was able to do my work without forever replacing it on my finger . I have taken a box to work and lock them in my drawer when I am gone , so they do n't disappear !!
 I had to cut the rest of the base in order to use these.I had to order the medium large as these ran as EXTRA small.My fingers are small and these tips did n't fit .
 I love my rubber finger . I needed to get new ones . The one I have is very old and finally coming apart . Reading reviews I was n't sure what size to get . I got the size 11 small . Well , it is to small . I have female very skinny long fingers . When i put the small ones on it does n't go on all the way , but enough to do the job . The only problem is it does cut the circulation . So think twice before getting the small .
 good for sewing use as a thimble , wont silde off the finger size was to small had to order a biger size
 Yes ... paper files still do exist . And these rubber tips never go out of style . I ordered the 3 sizes to use on different fingers as I see fit . They are a must for flipping trough paper documents , especially when you hav dry fingertips . Super love them !!
 I work as a letter carrier for the post office and these are the kind of thumb tips that we use at the post office . For some reason the supply locker is harder to get into these days and these are n't being restocked for some reason . Maybe because management thinks it can save money by not giving us the supplies we need to do our job . Whatever . Anyhow these things work great . I put on on when I start work wear it for eight or more hours with no problem -LRB- I do remove it for lunch -RRB- . The extra large ones are a good size for my thumb . I 'm a man , about 5 ' 10 . They do n't fall off easily nor are they too tight . Also they keep your thumb dry in the rain !
 I do wood carving . These make great thumb protectors on your knife holding hand . Not as bulky as most `` made for carving '' thumb protection and yet protect from the knife coming in contact with the skin and worse .
 These are great to have around for a dollar and some change ! Once in a while I sort through a lot of paper -LRB- taxes , recipes , etc -RRB- and these help a lot .
 When I wear these it looks sort of disturbing but licking fingers is just way more gross . I flip through thousands of papers at school as a student and if this item did n't exist I would be lost . If you do any kind of really thorough research then these are for you .
 Rubber fingertips are essential for me , I could not leaf through stack of papers or play cards because my fingers were too slippery . Licking my fingers used to be the only alternative but that is not quite acceptable socially . As a chemist I worked with chemicals and after many years my fingerprints disappeared and the skin became very smooth and lost traction . Such rubber fingertips solve the problem
 I work with alot of pages of paper , so I have stress-tested these things quite a bit.Each one lasts much longer than I had expected .
 The quality is very good , and the affordable pricing makes it even a better deal .
 Rubber fingertips are essential for me , I could not leaf through stack of papers or play cards because my fingers were too slippery . Licking my fingers used to be the only alternative but that is not quite acceptable socially . As a chemist I worked with chemicals and after many years my fingerprints disappeared and the skin became very smooth and lost traction . Such rubber fingertips solve the problem .
 Great product . The hardest thing is to know what size to order . They are an indispensable tool which makes going through tons of paperwork a breeze .
 Available in multiple sizes unlike the local office supply store . As long as you can buy enough to offset the shipping cost then this is an alright buy .
 This is a good quality product . Its just that I did n't order the right size . Although it fits good on my right hand thumb but slips off my forefinger while counting pages . I work with med devices and while doing paperwork it stops one from using a wet foam , paste etc , or in cases of licking fingers , which can be very harmful , in places like nursing home and hospitals . This catches one page at a time for 99 % of the time . A nice product indeed for people who have to do a lot of counting jobs . Just be sure to order the right size , as per the width of your finger ur going to use most .
 I hope my rendition of this review will help others with the size and strength of this product . I bought small , medium and large . I wear a size 4 t 41/2 ring on my pinky . I could not get the small all the way on that finger . Needles to say , small means absolutely small . A five to eight year child might benefit from small seriously.The medium was the next I tried . I wear a size 6 t 61/2 ring on my middle two digits depending on where the rings are made . The medium finger cots work well on the middle and ring digit . I have arthritis starting in both index fingers and I can use the medium on those as well . I wear a size 71/2 ring on both index finger.Now for the large . I wear a size 8 ring on my thumbs and the large fit comfortably and would probably fit an 81/2 ring size because I am not too snug.I work with wire for making jewelry and the wire was splitting up my thumb nail because of how I hold it . These have solved the problem . I have been using the same ones for 3 days straight , 6 to 8 hours a day and still no sign of wear . I would imagine the strength of the cot would depend on what you would be using them to do . The cot additionally helps me hang on to the wire better , and with that if you will excuse me I am going to my orders and find them and order more .
 Overall , these tips work very well at gripping papers , etc. , while protecting your finger . The tricky part is getting the correct size . I tried measuring my finger as suggested , and ordered the extra large size . Unfortunately , these were too big and slipped off all the time . I finally gave them to a big thumbed friend and ordered the large size . This size was a bit snug but worked very well and stayed put .
 For years , I 've used these as a thimble when quilting . Although they do n't last forever as metal thimbles do , the rubber allows you to grasp the needle easily to pull through the fabrics , and to have more control when inserting the needle . Similar items are sold in quilt shops at a much higher cost .
 These make your fingers feel confident and protected . I 've noticed that they are talking among themselves about how important they feel !!!
 These perform the function for which they were designed ! HOWEVER we use them to brush our dog 's teeth with their peanut-butter flavored toothpaste . These are FAR BETTER dog teeth cleaners as the nubbies are all around the outer circumference and you do not need to keep them positioned like you would the crappy finger-thingies they sell for dog tooth brushing !
 Working with my fingers on a daily basis , this helps me perform separating paper & envelopes easily . Great price with fast ship .
 Meh . They fit your thumb and you can sort things or flip pages faster and without cutting or drying out your thumb pads . They do n't wear off like the gel kind of page turner stuff .
 Works great as my friend delivers mail and uses these every day once we figured the right size for her fingers
 Nice to have around for a dollar and change ! Every once and a while I sort a large amount of paper and these do the trick ! Taxes , recipes , etc. .
 I would definitely recommend this product to anyone lookingto save money . You get the same product at a much cheaperprice . And shipping was immediate .
 I used a three hole punch on a stack of papers -LRB- I am writing a novel -RRB- and stuck one of these prong-like fasteners into each hole . Then I used the washers and folded the prong tips back . They work great in keeping a bundle of papers together and neat . I love these things and they are so hard to find . JEEZE !!!! Thank God for Amazon.com .
 This is the only brass brad around that will actually hold a script or manuscript together . It 's the standard brand used widely in the industry .
 If you 're ordering these brads , then you probably know exactly what you 're gettting , and Amazon has the best price anywhere . I 've priced these all over Los Angeles , and here I am , still ordering them from Amazon !
 There 's not much to say about brass fasteners . This was as expected , works great . Good for kids crafts .
 Used these to put together a script and they worked great with the Brads . These are kind of required in the industry .
 Easily sticks on the wall with the adhesive strips . Has been on the wall holding up my notices for many months . Looks good . I put it on a painted cinder block wall .
 I ordered both the 24in and 12in versions of this product and will probably still order more ! These are incredibly well built pieces of equipment and blend right in to nearly any environment with their satin aluminum finish ! I did n't use the magnets , adhesive strips , or brackets that shipped with the product but instead used a couple of Officemate Panel Wire Hooks -LRB- see link -RRB- and secured it with an additional cubicle clip and it could not have worked out better!Officemate Panel Wire Hooks , Silver , Box of 24 -LRB- 30190 -RRB-
 These jetstream pens are great . The smoothest writing I 've ever experienced . Now I 'm looking for the jetstream inserts so that I can stick them in all my pens .
 I 'm a big pen collector . This is one of the best pens I have ever used and though much cheaper than my fancy pens , writes better than most of them and is cheap enough to take out of the house .
 These are fantastic , smooth-running , long-lasting pens . I consider them quite a find ! The ink does not smear -LRB- which , as a leftie , is a constant trouble for me -RRB- , and it always goes on smooth and consistent . The only issue is that after about a year of constant use the tip at the back of the pen tends to break off if you -LRB- as I do -RRB- fiddle with it during meetings .
 I NEED a great pen to write with . I am left handed and this pen does n't drag ink all over the page as I 'm writing . Everyone who ask to use my pen likes the way it writes as well .
 This is an awesome pen . Being left-handed , many pens have ink that smears as I continue to write . This one does not . The only time I did notice it smear was on glossy paper . The ink flows smoothly and is an expensive looking pen . Definitely give it a try .
 These are the only pens that I use . Smooth writing , sleek and have always been reliable . Great purchase .
 These are my favorite ... they provide a consistent , thick stream of ink , do n't smudge , are comfortable to grip and last a long time .
 I am left-handed and I swear I must have tried every pen there is . I do a lot of writing and note keeping , so I need something that 's comfortable , writes smooth , and most importantly does not leave a black smear mark on my hand or the paper . This pen does all of that , and is absolutely smudge proof all the way - even when it gets wet . I also love the bold way it writes . My boss -LRB- also a leftie -RRB- has shamelessly stolen several of these from me . They are a little bit pricey , but absolutely well-worth the cost . The cap is a little hard to take off , and its fun now to watch people try to figure it out , but otherwise a great design . I am considering stockpiling these , just in case uni-ball stops making them !
 best pens I 've used , ever . smooth and bold . I backstock these since I hate writing with any other pen .
 I write constantly and I am very judgmental when it comes my writing tools . This Uniball Jet Stream pen is terrific ! The ink flows smoothly , with ease , and is a deep , rich black colour . The pen feels good in my hand and the cap stays where you put it -- snapping securely into place over the nib or on the back end . The clip on the cap is rugged but not too tight as to deter the user from hooking it on to the cover of a notebook , etc. . I am ordering some additional pens so that I am never without them . These are an essential for me ! Great job Uniball !
 ink stay on the paper not on your hand , smooth stoke , BEST pen to use ! and people keep stealing my pen i have to stock it ...
 These pens are fantastic . In ink tests the rated excellent for their ability to not dilute or fade in attempts to wash or bleach checks.The ink takes a second to dry , during that time it can smear , but after a second or two it sets and is essentially permanent . This is ideal for writing checks and signing legal documents.More importantly for me , the .7 mm medium ball versions flow effortlessly and feel much like writing with an expensive fountain pen.An additional plus
 The pens were a very good deal and exactly what I was looking for . Thanks
 I like these kinds of pens . Whenever these pens are on sale I would make a purchase . Thanks for the pens that I ordered a while back .
 The Uniball Jetstream is the best disposable pen ever ! The writing experience is so very smooth , even when the pen is held at an angle to the paper . The ink dries so fast , it does not smear . Even the `` bold '' width . Even in the hand of a lefty.I do n't much like the styling , too cheap and flashy for me . But what a writing tool !
 This is by far the smoothest , quickest drying , and easiest to use pen I 've ever used . I 've used some expensive pens , and some cheap pens before . Out of the entire spectrum , I choose this JetStream .
 Love the uni-ball Jetstream pens and have used them for years ! The bold point is my favorite , it writes with a solid rich color and glides effortlessly across the paper with no smearing . Feels like a far more expensive pen ! Very comfortable to hold and use ! And it 's very stylish , especially for a `` disposable '' pen .
 I actually got two of these as inclusion pens in two 5 packs of Uniball Visions . I 've always been a fan of the Vision pens , but , oh my , these Jetstreams are just amazing . A very smooth write , the grips are perfectly comfortable , the quality of ink is top notch for a disposable pen . I would have to say , without question , these pens are the very best daily writers I 've come across . Sure , they 're a bit on the pricey side , however , I deem them worthy of every extra cent . Cheers to Uniball for making a great writing device .
 Even in our digital age , some of us are required to keep hand written records due to government regulations . I happen to be in one such a situation , so I have become quite picky with the pens that I use . This pen requires very little pressure to apply a nice thin line that does not bleed or rub off easily . The only criticism I have is it appears to run out of ink sometimes when the indicator on the side shows that it still has ink . Regardless , this is the best disposable pen I 've ever used .
 Like a dragon protecting his gold , I jealously defend my small hoard of Uniball Jetstreams . Although they are slightly more expensive than many similar-seeming pens , they are closest thing I have found to perfection among disposable-type pens :1 . Shape - comfortable and nonfatiguing , even for long writing sessions .2 . Smoothness - My job involves conducting oral interviews and taking written notes . When these interviews drag on , the writing effort a pen requires becomes critical . A ballpoint kills your hand , while gel and rollerball pens have too many other weaknesses . These are as smooth as the best gel pens , particularly in the 1.0 mm size .3 . Quick drying ink - it dries very quickly , unlike most gel pens and ballpoints .4 . Water resistant ink - I 've used these in the rain and on a fishing boat . Not as good as a pencil , of course , but still readable if it gets splashed , unlike a felt tip or rollerball . It writes on wet paper , too , better than a ballpoint .5 . Reasonably priced for their quality , which is good , because I lose pens like crazy.Like a few other seemingly overpriced everyday products -- Gillette Fusion razor blades , for instance -- Uniball Jetstreams are worth every penny .
 The Jet Stream is the first pen I 've come across which writes with ease , leaves a dark , sharp trail behind it , and does not ink stain my left hand . The ink , as advertised , dries almost instantaneously . Once dry it stays on the paper . It does not bleed into the yellow legal pads I use on a daily basis . The 1.0 mm ball size is excellent for all purpose writing.I do not like to feel resistance when I write . Grittiness , roughness , and having to apply even a slight bit of pressure are things I revile in a pen . Happily , this pen writes smoothly and effortlessly . I highly recommend this pen . To save some cash , skip the big office supply chains and buy your Jet Stream pens from amazon .
 The best pen ever ! Never fails to deliver fine , consistent , and smooth flowing lines . This is my go-to pen for whatever writing I do ... It 's spoiled me for anything else !
 I ca n't get enough of this pen . Will never touch a Pilot G-2 pen again after this . I always hated them , but they were ubiquitous and good to write with for the moment . Jetstream ink is amazing , whatever it is . It appears to be gel ink , but it 's not too dark and does not smudge
 I have always struggled to find an economically priced pen that wont quit on me out of the blue . This pen is the perfect solution . It never fails to write on the first stroke and does n't quit until the ink runs dry . I find it quite comfortable to hold and the ink never smears . This product is worth every cent .
 Purchased these pens for my left-handed son ; because of the quick dry ink . They really do stand up to the test of my lefty . No smearing on the page or on his hand . He wo n't write in hisThe Greatest Dot-to-Dot Book in the World , Book 1with any other pen .
 this is a fantastic pen in its overall design . Great ink , great design and the refills fit many other pens , i use the refills for these in my G2 limited edition . a neat secret this capped version of the jetstream has is that the end of the pen -LRB- opposite the writing end -RRB- works fantastically as a stylus for touch screens . It has a near perfect taper for a stylus and the body of the pen is rubberized so it seems like it was intentionally designed into the pen . love em .
 These are my favorite pens . The pen smoothy glides over the paper , letting me write as rapidly as I please without ever experiencing that horrible `` scratchy '' feeling you get with some -LRB- even other ballpoint -RRB- pens . The ink dries rapidly , meaning there 's no smearing . This is especially important if you hold your pen improperly with your hand in contact with the paper . The pens have pop-off caps , which are less convenient than clicky pens , but there 's no risk of the ink staining your clothes when you carry a pen in your pocket . The pens have a bit of heft of them , too .
 I do n't use or buy any other pen . When I find a perfect product , I stick with it.The ink dries very quickly , maybe < 100ms . I have n't had one leak since I started using them 6 years ago.Definitely worth the price !
 This pen is my favorite of all time . I could n't find this brand at my local staples or office supply store , but Amazon had it . If you love the smooth , rich glide of a pen , this is it .
 my 11th grade daughter loves to rewrite her notes as a study tool . These pens make the task easier she says .
 Listen , this is n't hyperbole - I 'm not just some wackadoo traveling salesman paid by Uniball to hock their goods . I am a professional , I pride myself in having integrity , and being the first man to work and the least to leave - this pen mirrors my work ethic and makes me a stronger , better and more productive man who deserves the respect of those around him.I got pulled over the other day , the officer starting writing me a ticket and when he asked me to sign it I pulled out my Jetstream RT by Uniball . His eyes flicked down to my pen , then down to my crotch region - he was clearly aroused by the sight of my amazing writing utensil . He immediately got embarassed at his inferior ink stink and promptly ripped the ticket up ! With tears in his eyes , he asked me to forgive him for his trespasses , which I did . He skulked back to his cruiser , and peeled out.Thank you Uniball , for making me a man again .
 this is the pen i need for my son , i could not find it locally and i am so hapy i found it at amazonD - Nassau , Bahamas
 Papers sometimes fall out , but all in all . It was easy to install and easy to put up and remove papers/memos/art without pins and without poking holes in the wall . Perfect for my kid 's school art which gets changed monthly .
 This product meets and exceeds expectations . The rails hold paper very well and to release simply pull up on the bottom of the sheet . High quality aluminum rails are sure to last a long time.My one request is that Advantus comes up with a new fastener that can attach better to office cube walls . Currently held up by sandwiching the screw between the top rail and side wall of the cube . This works fairly well , but still not ideal . A modified fasterner would really help here .
 I ordered two of these to put up on our wood cupboards -LRB- one on each side because of size limitations -RRB- . I did n't use the sticky things they sent , rather I used the ones you can stick on the wall and then peel off at a later time since I was putting it on wood . We get so many papers sent home from my daughters school , that I could n't find the info I needed when they were all on the frig . This works beautifully . You just stick up the papers , and then when it 's time to take it down , it 's easy to do . Others noted that you do need to sometime hold the rollers to get the paper out-this is true for me too . However , it 's minor and the over all benefit of these it well worth it !
 We used this to hang our kids art work . It makes it easy to display and change art work without harming the artwork . The girls love having the ability to easily change what artwork they display in the kitchen .
 I am really glad I bought this products , I hate framing images just to replace it in a short time . I have a 16 x 20 print and no problem with slippage or the print falling out.Great product , great price and easy to install .
 My son is a bit of an artist , so he is always changing the pictures he wants to hang up in his room . We wanted to put something on a wall that allowed him to nicely display everything , but did n't want a giant tack board for a number of reasons ... sharp tacks falling down , big ugly board , puts holes in his pictures , etc.We bought 3 of these strips and hung them on his wall . Even when nothing is hung they look very discrete and simple . He can take pictures on and off simply and without ruining them .
 First , let me say I have a very weird obsession with pens . I try them all , on a constant voyage to find the perfect balance of smoothness , ink flow , and fine writing tips . Now I am not rich nor do I have the cleanest track record of keeping my writin ' sticks for their entire life so I ca n't say I have ever had the opportunity to write with fancy $ 100 + devices . But in all reality , who needs a pen that expensive anyways?I used to live and scribe religiously by the Pilot V5 . But one day I decided to make the switch over to these and it has made a world of difference . The thing people love about the V5 's is the `` ink delivery system '' , or roller ball . But this is n't a technique owned only by Pilot and I was starting to get sick of always bending the needle point as well as the ink running out before the pen actually showed empty . Plus , I hated how the pen graphics -LRB- ? -RRB- would always wear off my V5 's . And I do n't know if my hands are big or what but the clip always bent and would poke me in that fatty part of my hand between the index and thumb . Long story short , I picked these up.These pens write even smoother than their major competitor . It 's the same system , roller ball , but for whatever reason it seems to do it even better . The lines are dark and bold in color -LRB- or super black if you rock the black ones -RRB- and the pen just seems to carry itself along the page . I am a VERY small writer as well but I have no problem jotting down legible notes in my 2 point handwriting size . While having a smooth flow to it , the pen still has that paper `` scratch '' sound that I have grown to love as well . Also , I have found that I press a lot more lightly with these . So light that I wo n't even imprint carbon . I only mention this because I used to press my V5 's so hard that I could bend them or , on occasion , tear through to the next page . This pen does n't require that pressure , though.Another great thing is that the ink dries incredibly quick , a huge benefit if you 're a lefty like I am . I 'm told it 's waterproof , ca n't be lifted for check security , and they 're safe to fly with without the threat of them exploding in your pocket . As I 'm not in the business of washing checks nor randomly tossing papers into puddles , I ca n't really verify the former 2 but the latter is true as the pen accompanied me on a flight recently.The ink seems to last longer in these than the V5 's as well so you wo n't need to be replacing them as often . The quality of the physical pen is much higher in my opinion , with a smoother feel , round ends for pocket friendly carry , and a stiffer `` anti-hand jabbing '' pocket clip that makes me smile.All in all , if you are looking to purchase a Pilot V5 or are simply looking for a new pen , consider these first . The overall quality is much higher from the general design to the durability of the graphics , they last longer , write better and smoother , and make the beloved `` scratch '' sounds that people enjoy about the V5 . I love these pens , hands down , and ca n't bring myself to write with anything else anymore . I have since stopped my constant pen quest .
 These are by far the best pens I have ever used . I try the other uni-ball , I try the bic , I 've even tried the Dr. Grip . But the ink runs smoother in these pens . And the super fine point helps those of us who have very small handwriting.If you like to hear the scratch of a pen on paper , these are the pens for you . Just do n't wash them .
 I have tested hundreds of different pen types . Ball point , gel , fountain ... none compare . This pen writes with an amazing feel and look to it . If you are a fan of pens , look no further .
 This ballpoint pen has a slender nib , which I prefer over a thicker nib with a broad line . The lines in this pen are sharp and smooth and the ink flows smoothly . I was given one to use at a retail establishment , and , of course , followed up by accessing Amazon for the same pen . Obviously , I was successful .
 These are my very favorite pens ! I have looked for a long time for a pen that writes in dark black ink that stands out without being too thick and these are them .
 They write smoothly . Great fine-point pen . They are among the best pens that I have used . Well worth the price .
 I can truly recommend this source and was satisfied with every detail , from product to delivery .
 I make a lot of prints , especially now that I have a large format printer , and needed a way to quickly hang some of them up to look at . The Grip-A-Strip was just the thing to allow me quickly change pictures without hassle . It looks good enough to be a way to show my work in a longer range basis too.The rail is very easy to put up and will probably leave very little mark on the wall if you decide to remove it later
 We purchased this for our homeschool 's many 52 '' maps . Our maps are heavy and glossy and I even attach a plastic bar for weight at the bottom of them -- yet this Advantus 2010 48 '' Grip A Strip holds -LRB- single -RRB- just fine ! Very pleased , too , with the company
 I did not want to make holes in my classroom wall to mount the display piece yet was worried the sticky tapes would n't hold up . I was wrong ! It sticks great and I 'm very happy with the product !
 I received this product very fast . This is the second 4 foot strip I ordered and the next one will be 6 feet . I use this to display newly printed photos and had to cut it down to fit it in my hanging space to 47 inches . Easy to do with a carbide blade on my chop saw . I would highly recommend this seller . The only problem -LRB- a good problem -RRB- is that they are super speedy , ordered it on Sunday , had it on Tuesday and I did not pay extra for fast delivery .
 Product arrived on time and in great condition . I mounted this above my desk to keep important notes in view and easily accessible . Includes everything you need to mount to the wall . Easy to install and use .
 The strip comes with a single plastic clip you screw to the wall , after which you push the strip in to this clip . It also includes a couple of very short pieces of double-sided tape.It did n't feel that secure when mounted . I ended up adding some 3M vehicle molding tape in place of the small pieces of double sided tape .
 I 've never received a package so fast ! Ordered one day . They were delivered the next . Still ca n't believe it . In any case , these are great . I did n't want to make holes in the wall so used the sticky pads which work fine . I 'm delighted with product . I actually was going to make some shelves for my office to display kids art etc but found these and they actually cost less than it would have for me to make them . Highly recommend .
 The title says it all . This is a high quality product that works really well for what it is intended to do -- make it easy to quickly hang a drawing and manage several at a time . A good value .
 Comes with two clips and some pieces of double adhesive foam tape . I wanted it to really be substantive when I stuck it on a painted cinder block wall . I bought some more double face foam tape . It looks good , and holds my posters well
 I installed this underneath my marker boards for my home office . It 's a very handy item to have . Works just as described .
 I got these to put down the halls of our school so I could get the art out on the walls quick and easy . We have even done some cool designs with the strips on the walls to for the art to go into them . Very happy with these ! Plan to get more next budget cycle.MR Z Art teacher
 does the job is says . better with normal weight printer paper . would not really reccomend with photographic paper weight . twenty
 I bought this for work . I have a mailbox directory I print regularly and using push pins were becoming such a pain . I got this so that it would make changing individual pages easier and it does that exactly . I got this in the 96 &#34; because the next size down was too short , but I was able to have our metal shop cut it down & it works great !
 I use this product outside my classroom door to display artwork . It works very well and does exactly what it says it does .
 This thing will cut anything but it 's awefull loud . I also wish it had a button to keep it running continually .
 Buying a cheap -LRB- < $ 100 -RRB- shredder , I figured it would be dead/broken by now . To my surprise it works as well as Day One .
 I 've had two , less powerful shredders previously ; both lacked the power this one has . Shreds well . The only downside so far is that it is top heavy and easily tilts .
 This is a very good shredder . It has powerful teeth that chew up and spit out - rather quietly , i might add - paper , envelopes , and other assorted office stationery . Only drawback is the weight . I have not tried shredding a CD yet . I would recommend this to anyone who shreds as much sensitive data , junk mail and preapproved credit card applications as I do .
 While this product does it 's job -- shredding paper without janmming -- effectively , it does have some downsides . -LRB- I admit that I had not previously used a shredder that did not empty directly into a disposal bag . -RRB- 1 . the head is fairly heavy and has no good hand holds . replacing it on the bin has resulted in pinched fingers and , when misaligned a bit , the head has fallen into the bin .2 . since the head must be laid down somewhere while the bin is emptied , it is impossible not to create a mess of paper bits around the work area .
 The shredder works really well . It does slow just a little when shredding more than 6 sheets but that is no problem . Just wish I could shred CD 's in it but it says not too .
 Good shredder ; not like those cheap ones that wo n't shred more than a couple of sheets at a time .
 Shredder works great.However , I would not have described the condition `` used - like new '' . I would have just said used.Shipping box was crushed and some of the plastic from the -LRB- collection -RRB- bin broke off . The `` on/off/reverse '' switch was jarred lose during shipping and does not stay on .
 So I got so ticked off w / my 5 sheet shreader -LRB- that would only do 3 sheets -RRB- and decided to buy a new shredder . This one has NOT disappointed . I 've only used it a short time , but so far it is great . The motor powers through 11 sheets like a champ . Credit cards , no problem . Very impressive . Just to stress it , I even put an entire credit card statement still in the envelope through -LRB- not recommended ! -RRB- and it still got the job done . Not bad for a shredder at this price point !
 This shredder really is great . It senses when paper is being inserted and turns itself on and off . Shreds very quickly and is pretty quiet . I have a smaller shredder that was too slow and would overheat . I do recommend getting some shredder oil to go along with it but I am very pleased with my purchase .
 The W-11C Shredder is a fine shredder for home usebut not for the office . One thing I learned about these devices is to keep them oiled . I wish that Fellows put in a `` sample '' size -LRB- 2 ounces -RRB- I bought a 12 oz bottle -LSB- ... -RSB- , and now I squirt a shot in the blades at every full basket . It seems to run faster than when its dry.Also , I tend not to over-feed it . Yeah , it handles 8 sheets or those fat envelopes from the credit card sellers , but I go with 2 or 3 sheets at a time . This was a great price for this type of shredder and it arrived in about 1 week . Thank you Amazon for more than books !
 I purchased this product for use at my office . We have had it for several months now and it works great ! It can shred up to 11 sheets at once , no problem . It is used by several people throughout the day and works really great . Overall a great buy !
 It is a very nice shredded , it was able to handle the max sheets of paper with plenty of power left . I will be buying another one later for a Christmas gift .
 For what I paid , this is a good shredder . Do n't expect an industrial grade shredder . However , it 's great for light jobs .
 This is a good shredder for the price it cost . I love mine . My old one had the draw you slide out to dump your shredded paper . It was a mess to dump it . It would drag out pieces of paper all over my floor . This design is beter because you just remove the top to dump the basket . Much cleaner this way . I love the way it shreds your paper in small pieces . I would not try to shred a credit card . Thats how I broke my last shredder . They say you can in the instructions but I will not do it again . I think they are to stiff and it will break the plastic teeth that clean the cutter heads . I only shred 3 sheets of paper at a time to be safe . They say it will do 11 at one time . I also love the shredder because it has a opening in the front of it . You can see when the basket is full and you can also use it as a trash can to put some small trash in the opening . Like envelopes , etc. . The waste basket is pretty large also , I like that . I would buy another one .
 These are great pens for everyday use . Smooth continuous writing - never skips -LRB- perfect for use on flights -RRB- . I do n't see any drawbacks with the Uni-ball Vision Elite series . Highly recommended .
 Are you looking for a pen that feels good to your hand ? Then look no further , the Uni-ball Vision Elite Stick Roller Ball is the Pen for you.I 'm sure you will be pleases . Its as if the pen writes by its self.Its retractable so you can place it in your shirt pocket or your lab coat.Or your backpack for that matter.There is the built in safety - featurethat stops identity-theives colds . Yes , Uni-Ball , they thought of everything . With Amazon.com low - prices , it is a win for us all .
 Length :
 I 've already had experience with these Uni-ball Vision Elite pens , and I love them . I 'm not sure if this is the best price around , but I 'm happy with getting them .
 I have not yet opened this pack but the pens look impressive and I expect them to be fully satisfactory .
 I borrowed this from a friend once . Smoothest pen ever ! Love the blue-black color and love the flow of the ink . Perfect every time . Better than the g7
 I continue to buy these as the only pens I use . Love the blue/black color and bold line -LRB- you can also get the fine point which is better for small writing -RRB- . I also like that they sell refills .
 I love pens . I have tons of varieties . This is one of my favorites , and I use it in conjunction with a SHERPA pen enclosure . http://www.amazon.com/Retro-51-Sherpa-Pen-Pinstripe/dp/B00262H4JK/ref=sr_1_1?s=office-products&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1357277774&sr;=1-1&keywords;=sherpa+penWrites wonderfully-well .
 My favorite pen , I even hide them so that other family members do not stop by my desk and &#34; borrow &#34; them .
 This has been my favorite pen for a least the past 10 years ! I discovered them while in college ... back when taking notes was the norm . I love them for their incredibly smooth writing quality and bold point . For me , the point is the perfect combination of a smoother bold point , while not being over bold and making it too difficult to write small . The ink is dark and I only use one side of the page to ensure everything stays legible . Some reviewers complained about a short life , but I always thought they held up well to regular use as they got me through college where I would take pages of notes each day . Today , as a middle school teacher , they last me for a very long time . The pen is sharply designed and I do n't mind it sticking out of my shirt pocket . I love the blue/black color as it is very unique and stands out from a standard black or blue ink . Highly recommend buying on Amazon with Prime shipping - cheaper than the big box office supply stores in my area too .
 I love a bold pen hard to find in the stores I shop in so I was excited to find them here on Amazon.I have macular degeneration so fine lines are not an option for me they just look like squiggly lines : -RRB- These pens write smooth with no leaking !
 These are the best pens I have ever used . They write very nice and are n't cheap looking . I use the black ones . A + + + + + +
 I 'm a complete penaholic , and the Uniball Vision Elite is hands-down the pen I love the very best . It writes very smoothly , and the ink dries lightning-fast -- I hold my hand in sort of a messed-up way when I write , so I tend to smear ink if it takes too long to dry . Plus , it 's just a nice-looking pen with a solid feel.Downsides
 These are my favorite pens by far . The ink runs smooth and the lines are clear and the feel is great . I have arthritis in my hands and appreciate a pen that writes great without a lot of force . Its true that roller ball pens run out of ink sooner than ballpoints that release less ink , but the smooth feel and darker writing makes it worthwhile for me . I 've tried many types of roller balls when these were n't around , and I think the Vision Elite lasted longer then many because the tip does not dry up and prevent ink from flowing . Also , I have not had any problem with too much ink being released like some other pens . Its worth the extra effort to find this particular pen . The colors are great too !
 These are the only pens I like to use . They do n't run or skip . I have them in every color available and always get interesting comments when I use some of the unusual colors , such as bright pink or aqua . I just wish they were more readily available in colors other than blue and black .
 Over the last few of years , I 've fallen in love with the uni-ball pens . Even though they offer a competitive price , I feel I 'm treating myself each time I purchase a package . I use mostly theuni-ball Vision Elite Stick Bold Point Roller Ball Pens , 4 Blue-Black Ink Pens -LRB- 67182PP -RRB- and theuni-ball Deluxe Micro Point Roller Ball Pens , Black , 3 -LRB- 60029PP -RRB- both for sketching and journaling . I like the even flow of the ink and how the ink does dry out before it 's used up . However , the ink does dry quickly on paper.I 've never had an issue with leaking or smearing , which I 've had with other brands . Another plus is the width of the pen 's grip . I have large hands and this fits perfect.Warning though , the ink will bleed through with journals such as theMoleskine Ruled Notebook Large . On thicker paper , it 's not an issue .
 I 've used these for years and they are fine pens . The ones I 've had do n't make messes and the ink that is put down on the paper is waterproof from the tests I 've made -LRB- soaking the paper in water -RRB- . I wear my shorts all year around -LRB- even with long pile pants over them in the winter -RRB- and I keep one of these pens in my shorts for writing.Most of my writing is done with fountain pens because I have lots of pens and inks . Thus , a rollerball pen is n't my primary tool . However , the cap stays on this Vision Elite pen , so I do n't mind it in my pocket -LRB- I 've had one or two roller ball pens have their caps come loose in my short 's pocket and stain my shorts -- definitely not a good thing and I 'll never use those pens again -LRB- one was another Uniball model -RRB- . Since the pen in my shorts is more or less an emergency writing stick for when I do n't have another pen handy , I 've probably had the same pen in my short 's pocket for the last two or three years . It still works fine . When it runs out of ink , I 'll replace it with the same model .
 These pens are great , and not always that easy to find . The blue-black looks just like a fountain pen , only doees n't smudge , making it great for signing letters . Ink flow is steady , writes in any position , and air travels well , as advertised . If you still do handwriting , this is an instrument I recommend . Great price , too , Amazon !
 These pens roll so smooth on the paper . The only drawback is that they are pricey for college students who write a lot .
 My handwriting is awful , but I swear , when I use these pens , it looks pretty decent ! Ink is smooth and consistent , and the fine sharp point is great for the frequent writing I do in triplicate .
 these pens are great for one reason , when you clip them on your shirt or on a pocket they automaticly retract so that it does n't mark your clothes , a must for any professional .
 When I make a mark on a page , I make a mark on a page . I want that mark to be just like me
 Love these pens , but make sure the ink is dry before touching b/c it might smear , other wise perfect pens to buy .
 A friend had one of these pens on her desk . I used it to sign a document , and knew I had to have one . I could NOT find these pens anywhere , not Wal-Mart , Target , Office Depot , etc. . So , of course , I came to Amazon , and ordered myself two packs ~ one four pack of blue ink pens , and one four pack of black pens . They are the best . I can honestly say that these pens write better than my Mont Blanc pen . The ink never skips . It is a wide point writer , which some may not like , but I love the feel and look of it .
 I 've carried one of these pens for about 6 months , which is a long time for me to have any item that is this relatively disposable . These are so nice that I 've made a great effort to keep the same one around . I bought this 4 pack because people at work have commented on how nice a pen this is and I figured I 'd give a few as gifts at the company Christmas party . These write bold so if you want a pen with which to write in really small spaces , look for something else . They also use up the ink more quickly than any other pen I 've used . I write about as much as the average person , I guess , and I use an entire refill cartridge in about 6 weeks . I 've been through 4 refills so far but the pen is so nice it 's worth it . Funny that the refills can be purchased at WalMart but not the pens themselves . Oh well , their loss.One other note is that my original pen looks a little different than those that arrived with this purchase . My original did not have the model number 207 on it and it did not say Signo on it . In function , however , they appear to be the same.Cheers !
 Throw away ? This pen ? No , refill it . The refills are available and they work fine . This is the best pen in the entire world . Well , since they stopped making its big brother the PhD . The secret is in the ink . The absolutely most black ink you will ever see coming out of a pen . The thick 1.0 mm stroke is just forceful . None of this tiny .5 mm stuff . You have to write in a tiny space use the tiny .5 mm , but for all other occasions this is the pen to use.People borrow my pens all the time -LRB- I am never without this pen -RRB- and they say `` Hey , that 's a great pen ! '' and I say `` Yeah , it is , I have a number of them ; you keep that one . ''
 i really like these pens , i 'm a lefty and always have a hard time finding something that writes this well
 The Uniball Impact RT pen is back ! They stopped making these wonders for a while but my hand is happy once again . It drawa a bold line but the ink dries faster than you might expect . Easy for a large hand to grip . I 've tried a lot of pens in my day but this one is simply the best .
 good product , a little pricey for everyday use and trhow away after type of pen ...
 I have been using the SPH200D and two extra handsets -LRB- SPH150D -RRB- since 4/21 . The best price I found was at Amazon when ordered 4/9/2007 . Setup was easy and it 's easy to use . Good sound quality . Very good battery life and the batteries are user replaceable . We like the intercom and speaker-phone features . These and `` Mute '' are buttons on the phone ; so there is no need to navigate menus to use them . The system makes it easy to take advantage of Skype as well as keep a basic landline for 1 -RRB- incoming calls so you can keep the same phone number , 2 -RRB- having a phone during a power outage , and 3 -RRB- making 911 calls . Since the base unit is always on , it 's easy to forget that SkypeOut is not a regular phone service.Netgear has a good forum active on their web site . Users are sharing information there which is helpful . One important point that is not documented
 Update July 29 , 2011Still working as advertised ; it 's convenient having two outgoing lines at no extra charge . If one of us is expecting a call or on the landline another outgoing call came be made ; that helps.Update March 6 , 2011We 've used three of these phones now since March of 2007 and all three are still in operation and have never required any sort of service including battery replacement . I am understandably pleased with their performance and reliability and can still say `` Works well so far . `` Original ReviewI 've had this phone less than a week , but I have been pleased with its performance so far . The set up was somewhat tricky , as many if not all Skype addresses use a period in the address . None of the literature showed how to find the period . By accident I noticed it was available on the 1 button . After discovering that , the installation went flawlessly . If one is already familiar with the use of the alpha/numeric keypad , one would have no problems . If one is learning on this phone with the literature provided , one needs help . The phone has worked well with both the landline , and the Skypeout alternatives . I 'm pleased enough that I 'm buying two more as the equipment will accommodate up to four phones .
 I bought this phone to use with my Linksys CIT400 base and it works just as well as my Linksys handset .
 I 've owned the Netgear sph200d and the spare handset for less than a month , however , it works flawlessly with my SKYPE account . I use this phone as a replacement for a landline . The VOIP service call quality is superior to the QWEST landline that I used to have . The setup for the base station was simply to plug it into the router . I had no issues with the handsets , including the extra one . The documentation was poor for registering the additional handset . It came up as unregistered , and then would not complete the registration with the base . After visiting the netgear website , I had to hold down the power button on the base for 15 seconds , and the registration was successful . I chose this phone over the phillips 841 because of the availability of additional handsets . I would recommend reading the user guide prior to purchase . I got a great deal at Frys for the base unit and handset . I would definitely recommend this model if you want to use your skype account without the computer .
 I 've used the Netgear SPH200D -LRB- base station and phone -RRB- and an additionalphone -LRB- SPH150D -RRB- for about a year . Basically the device implements Skype and throws in , as an extra , the possibility of ordinary telephone landline service . The Netgear interface is a cleverly stripped down version of Skype on a computer . The documentation got me started ; trial and error taught more.I use the Netgear for pure Skype calls and , in conjunction with a Skypeout subscription -LRB- $ 3 per month -RRB- , to call any phone in the US or Canada at no additional cost . I 've put frequently called phone numbers on my Skype Contacts list -- the Netgear knows to use Skype for these calls . Skype sound quality has improved considerably in the course of the year . After I assigned the Netgear base station a static IP address on my network -LRB- rather than the default DHCP -RRB- , the phone connected faster to Skype servers . A static IP address is handy for access to the device 's webpage , to check configuration and update firmware.It took me a while to discover the more advanced features of the Netgear . Though the device is pleasing , I give it only 4 stars because the documentation is less than clear , even about basic setup . For instance , `` press '' on the base station may mean `` press and hold '' . To Netgear 's credit , the techncial support rep I eventually reached was well-informed .
 I 've bought this phone as a second handset , have been using it for more than three weeks now and love it . Very easy to use and the sound quality even with other countries is very good.Since I use it mostly with the Skype funtcion to talk to family and friends in Europe it is really worth it . What I like most is that it always asks you if you want to call with the landline or Skype so you never forget to use the right one . I hugely recommend it !
 Easy to set up . . Nice combination of featuresAfter the 14 hours charging time for the handsets , my son and I got this set up -LRB- base station plus 2 handsets -RRB- in 15 minutes and not a glicthe since . . been running two days . I like that the handsets replace the landline handsets -LRB- all in one ! -RRB- but now everyone in the family can easily access the cheap long distance.Still working out issues with voice messaging and SkypeIn . . but that is with Skype service not these handsets .
 I bought this handset to work with the Linksys CIT400 base station . The netgear phone appears to have identical software to the Linksys and so far is completely compatible.The device has 2 shorcomings that bother me , the first is that there are no `` contacts '' for the landline - the contacts are stored in Skype format -LRB- on Skype -RRB- and I can not figure out how to successfully dial landline to landline for a local call from the contacts list.Secondly , the battery life is very poor , the handset needs to be stored on the charger or the battery is dead within a couple of days.Other than that it is a fine phone , I use Skypeout primarily for international calls and save about $ 20 a month on my phone bill .
 I have been using it for 2 weeks now , and I am very happy with how everything went . Overall easy installation and use . I just wish they would specify the headset plug size , some say 2.5 mm and others 3.5 mm . I 'll have to find out by buying & trying.Oh , and the sound quality is fantastic , and you ca n't beat unlimited calls to the countries I need for either free -LRB- $ 9.95 / month -RRB- or $ 0.02 per minute
 The product worked as advertised and provides me with the flexibility of combining my Skype and landline numbers on a single instrument , and cordless ability too . Simple to use , works well , and has excellent voice quality .
 This is a little expensive , but it has already paid for itself by allowing me to cancel my land line phone.If you 're not a techie , or expect things to perfectly perfect all the time -LRB- like they were back in the days when dinosaurs roamed the Earth -RRB- , then this phone -LRB- or Skype -RRB- are not for you . I 've had this system for a year , and I can only count 3-4 times that it has n't worked as expected.I would not recommend it as your only phone , but as a backup/alternative to my cell phone it does a great job . My cost for land line service has dropped from $ 500 a year to $ 60 .
 This is a great phone and functions exactly as advertised . The only knock would be less than ideal ergonomics from the brick shape and some quirky menus .
 We have two of these phones , one in my wife 's office and one in the kitchen . I like the intercom since I can call her even when she is talking on her landline . Also the free caller ID and cheap long distance make it a winner . However I will wait for the next version which will not require a base .
 Excellent Handset . . I do not have landline at home . . I use skype with this Netgear handset + Netgear Router . . Awesome !! . . save your money .
 I wo n't go into the Dual cordless phone with Skype , I will just tell you about the phone.The phone will work with the your Skype account that you have made with the Dual mode phone . Set-up is very easy , the call quality is really good .
 Create a separate skype account for your home phone , get a skype in number and purchase these awesome handsets and your good to go ! All the features of a regualr cordless phone , plus fantastic cheap calls through skype .
 Great phone range/line quality considering we live in a concrete building with lots of interference . Easy setup . Poor battery life -LRB- we have two handsets and neither lasts more than an hour of talk time out of the cradle . -RRB- Numbers can not be permanently assigned ` landline ' or ` skype ' and must be selected for each call . No speed dial function . Overall , pleased with the phone .
 Works great . Plugged it into my scale monitor as soon as it came in and it started working like I needed it to . Came pretty fast and saved me a bunch of money by ordering it through Amazon . As a matter of fact I ordered two just in case .
 We purchased this tray to use at consumer events . It fits perfectly into a drawer in the supply cabinet we use in our booth . Holds money , checks and change - very simple .
 Given the price I was not expecting much but , then when the tray arrived ... . WOW ! The quality is EXCELLENT and the seller shipped it right out so we had much sooner than expected . Bottom line , this seller is amazing and the products more than exceed expectation .
 I bought this to replace a money box that did not have enough bill and coin slots . It proved to have enough and extra space . The only way it could have been better for my purposes is if it had a lid and lock . For it 's original purpose -LRB- a replacement drawer in a cash register -RRB- it is excellent , and if I had bought it for that purpose , I would give it five stars .
 I wanted a money tray in my safe so I bought this . It did not fit in the safe so I just cut one of the bill slots and it fit . Works great and looks crappy because I cut it with wire cutters .
 Excellent product , easy to carry in pocket and I find I use it everyday to cut , open and trim . Very small and compact and works just like its regular size counterpart . Vendor was very good .
 Nice arm rests , cushy and comfortable seat , good locking and rocking mechanism and great rolling casters . I 've only been using the chair for 2 weeks so I ca n't speak to the long-term longevity but it seems to be of very nice quality . It was a little awkward in the assembly but simple enough . It 's a solid office chair for the price .
 It 's pretty darn cool . It goes on purple and dries clear . Sticks well too . I use it for arts and crafts .
 I have notified the company that these pens were no good and they in turn , snet me some more . Upong receiving those pens , I discovered that they did n't write either . I notifed the company and requested that they notified the manufacturer because the problem was not with the company shipping the pens it was with the manufactuer . I can say that the company did what they could to correct the problem which , was out of their control .
 Cons :1 -RRB- Trackball on device mouses really slow . Not sure if there 's a way to increase the speed .2 -RRB- You must follow the directions in the online manual * PRECISELY * or THE DEVICE WILL NOT WORK . I 'm 23 years old and I 've been on a computer since the age of 4 , so I 'm not some n00b talking out his behind . Take note that the light on the USB dongle must be off AND THEN you press connect on the Targus presenting controller . If you do n't do this , it wont work.The drivers were found and installed by XP .3 -RRB- Volume Down button is on RIGHT side . I do n't know how this got past user interface , but volume up is usually on the RIGHT side -LRB- since the right side usually indicates increase -RRB- Overall , it 's a pretty nice device . I read a lot of bad reviews about the lower model of this line , but thankfully everything has gone smoothly . I could n't find a single prof. or user review on this device , so I hope this helps!It comes with 2 AAA batteries , a nice black carrying pouch , a holding string on the presenter -LRB- which I took off -RRB- and a USB dongle.It has 3 modes - music , presentation & mouse mod . There is a button on the backside of the presenter -LRB- which you ca n't see in the pictures here -RRB- which controls the laser pointer . Nice touch on that , btw . The back button is exactly like the Nintendo 64 's `` Z '' button in the back.Hope this review helps .
 This presenter is a good value for the money . It has three modes
 This is very well designed device . I bought it when I integrated our computer to our home theater center and needed a replacement for the mouse . This was perfect for this use.I 'd suggest that anyone who buys this change their computer 's mouse settings . This can be done on Windows PCs -LRB- do n't know about vista -RRB- by going to control panel and selecting either `` Mouse '' or `` Printers and Other Hardware '' then Mouse -LRB- depending on your version and setup -RRB- . From there you have many options depending on your particular needs.I chose to slow down the pointer speed for smoother movement . Another useful change I made was Enabling `` ClickLock '' ; this allows you to drag without having to use both hands by holding the mouse button down for a length of time you can choose and clicking again to release.Pros : Does everything it says . Fully functional mouse ; PowerPoint Presenter ; Basic Multimedia Buttons.The roller-ball gets smoother with use.It has very good reception ; worked through walls all around the house.The laser drives my wife 's cats crazy.Cons : Like others have mentioned , the volume up and down buttons seem backwards but it does n't take long to get used to.The only real issue I have is that the buttons do n't seem to be programmable . I considered returning it for this reason alone , but none of the other presenters I looked at were as functional as this one so it stays.I hope this helped .
 This works great for powerpoints and website exploration in the classroom . I work in a 2nd grade class so having the freedom to walk around the room is wonderful . I do n't think I could ever be without one again !
 The main reason I bought this was to ease up on the stress in my shoulder from mousing too much . I have to use the computer for many hours but when I 'm doing something like surfing , I do n't need the precision of a desk mouse . I also wanted something to use to play/pause movies when I 'm sitting on the couch , away from the computer . This works as well as I wanted.Pros
 Used this item giving some power point lectures and really liked it . Had just got new computer hooked up to large flat screen TV and the wireless mouse that came with the computer had to be used on the couch , not optimal . The Targus is a slight improvement . The thumb trackball takes some getting used to . The unit does n't have a time-out or standby function like my other mouse , so you have to remember to turn it off . It eats batteries . The volume control is counter intuitive -LRB- Volume up is the left mouse click ? -RRB- All in all , a useful item .
 I bought this primarily so I could sit back away from my monitor , lean back in my chair , and still surf the web . To that end , it works great . The battery life is a little short , but that 's a minor issue . My only suggestion is to be sure to follow the directions about linking the transmitter and receiver when you first hook it up , and again anytime you change the batteries . As long as you do that the connection is a snap . It does n't do a lot of things , but what it does , it does really well .
 I have extensively used other presenters from other reputed brands , but many of them lacked the complete functionality . This piece comes with a mouse built-in which really helps in controlling the presentation . Would highly recommend this to anyone who lives his work life doing presentations .
 This product has been very helpful in my classroom for presentations and switching between functions on the computer . The laser pointer is easy to use and helps to highlight the different points on the diagrams I use to explain problems . The only problem I 've had is that the trackball is very touchy and has taken me a while to get used to .
 This Targus mouse is the most versatile and transportable mouse that I have used in teaching and numerous other presentation meetings . The mouse ball function is an obvious advantage over the competitors . I highly recommended it , especially at the Amazon price . I have two , one in my classroom and one for off campus classes/presentations .
 I teach HS Physics and absolutely love this device . I have used the device for about two years now , for presenting powerpoints , web pages , and videos . Unfortunately , I left the batteries in over the summer and was heartbroken to find that it did not work when I returned to school . I tried several other presenters and wireless mice , but none had the versatility of this device . I painstakeingly took it apart and cleaned every possible contact , and actually rejoiced when it worked . Buy them while you can , as I am sure Amazon 's stock will not last long . I plan to buy two more just so I have replacements over the coming years .
 I teach computer classes using PowerPoint slides as well as demonstrating the use of Windows , Word , Excel , and PowerPoint on the big screen . This little trackball presenter allows me to demonstrate click and drag as well as easily point to various parts of the windows so students can follow my movements . Most presenters allow you to just move forward/backward through a presentation . This presenter is an extension of my `` desk '' mouse on the big screen . I can be facing the class but be controlling my mouse at the back of the room at the same time ! I love it . Our school has purchased several of these and now I have one for my personal use . I 'm so sorry it is no longer made . The battery cover latch broke on one we 'd had for a while . I emailed Targus and they eventually found one in their `` returned items '' and mailed it to us as a replacement . Great support !
 I will connect notebook to a TV when traveling , or have it out of arm 's length when watching movies . Then have to get up and go to computer to change the DVD setting -LRB- pause , play , volume , etc -RRB- . With this remote , I was able to control the media player and not have to get up and adjust it . Lazy , yes - but , nicer to not have to get up and adjust the controls when needing to pause , play or even power off .
 I am a HS teacher . I use this presenter everyday . It is the best one I 've used . I find it very easy to hold and easy to use.The best !
 Very nice product , works as advertised , the left & right buttons should be have been at the bottom . The laser trigger make is feel like a gun . Setup was easy , if you read the 4 page manual .
 I was looking for colored fastener folders so I could color code my accounts . This are perfect . The legal size is great because I do n't have to fold contracts or any other legal size documents . Plus , having the fasteners on the folder means I do n't have to worry about items falling out .
 This Staedtler is much nicer than those found at Target . This is an excellent choice for a junior high or high school student . Amazon has it much cheaper than the brick and mortar stores local to me .
 On one hand , this compass is much better than any that I have had in the past . It stays to where you set it , unlike others that move/close whenever you try to use them . But on the other hand , I took away one star because , possibly because of how I use it , the needle is sharp and leaves a hole in my paper most of the time . Also the pencil is sometimes hard to mark with and I 'll have to trace the same circle twice . But all in all , I would suggest this , because it is much better than any compass that I 've previously owned .
 much better than what I could find locally . Does not open by itself like cheaper compasses.very sturdy . Only for very large circels it was not suitable , as the compass can only espand up untilthe end of the adjustment screw . Has a sharper needle included , which you may want to switch/flip to the less sharper onefor a younger student .
 I needed a drawing compass for engineering classes that would not `` slip '' and change circle radius half way through drawing . This one is perfect for that . The thumb wheel is quick and easy to use , and the whole thing feels very well made . A great tool to have around .
 I bought this for my girlfriend , because she loves frogs . I do n't really care for frogs , but when I opened it and put it in my pocket with the frog peeking out , I almost bought one for myself . She always puts her keys in her purse with this guy looking out over the top . Much cooler than I expected ! Thanks .
 I gave all my grandchildren these keychains for Christmas . They loved them . Made a big hit for Christmas !
 I 've had this pen for about 5 years now . I use it daily , and have had absolutely no difficulties with it . My only complaint is that the top ca n't be attached anywhere on the pen body , so it must be put ` somewhere ' . Unfortunately , that ` somewhere ends up being lost under other items on my desk!Excellent pen , and well worth the rather steep purchase price . The less expensive pens I 've purchased in the past have all worn out or have become deformed - not this one ! Shop around , and you can usually find a pretty good price .
 After using the Rotring Art Pen in Extra Fine nib , I really like this pen for sketching . The nib is flexible enough to be able to do very fine hatching strokes , and it 's very reliable for this price range . No difficulty with loading ink from the ink converter . I did n't buy it here , but from an art supply store -LRB- price is a bit less -RRB- . I highly recommend using the ink converter so you can fill in your own ink . I love using brown and red ink when sketching . For this price range , this is a great pen for sketching . For me , I love it so much I now have 2 in extra fine nibs , and 1 in fine nib.The nib is not as flexible as Namiki or Omas or Sailor , but it works well enough for what I want to use it for .
 As a writer/illustrator I have used hundreds of ink pen brands -LRB- expensive , overpriced , affordable , cheapish , etc. -RRB- . The Rotring ArtPen EF is by far the best I 've ever had . I call it `` drawing instrument '' because it is accurate , reliable , and easy to maintain -- if you do n't abuse it or misuse it . It produces fantastic hairline variations that do n't look technical , as if made with draftingrapidographs . If you do n't want to use the universal ink cartridges that come with it , buy anink converterand pump it with whatever ink you prefer . However , I suggest using only `` prescribed '' ink , or you might clog it beyond repair , and not even chemical cleaners would save it . I use this pen only for extra-fine details in my illustrations , and I love it .
 It is not possible to store the cap to the pen on the end of the pen which is irritating . However I cut the end off with my bandsaw and glued a plastic colored thumbtack cap on the end for cosmetic purposes . -LRB- They color metal thumbtacks by affixing lightweight colored caps onto them . They are easy to remove . -RRB- Now the cap to the pen fits on great . Plus the pen is lighter which is always a bonus for me . At first I found this pen very stiff and its ink flow very light . However the distribution of ink is so steady it is possible to use it as fast as you can use a pencil and build up tone the way one might want to with an ink pen -LRB- Van Gogh etc. -RRB- I use the converter and my own purchased walnut ink rather than cartridges . It has loosened up a bit and I must say at this point I am happy with it . No hint of leakage to date .
 My pen name is Tony Millionaire . I use nothing but this pen for ALL my cartooning and comics work -LRB- Maakies , Drinky Crow , Sock Monkey -RRB- . It is reliable . The nib starts to soften after months of drawing , so it `` gives '' a little , enabling you to make a wider line with pressure . If I need a fine line , I roll the pen over and use the back of the nib . I do n't use the cartridges that come in the box , they are watery and gray . I buy the good black cartridges on Ebay , they come in plastic bags . GREAT PEN ! Do n't know what I 'll do if they ever stop making it .
 I Love these pens ! They work very well and are perfect for calligraphers not using dip pens . I Recommend highly !!!
 Fast Shipping and great communication . Thank you !!
 Pen Served as a great gift . I gave it to my dad for fathers day , he loves it and carries it around where ever he goes . The Parker name and a relatively much cheaper price then other known brands like MontBlanc makes a great buy .
 We originally got these boxes to move with , but they held up so well after the move that the children have been able to have their own little `` box village '' as well . They fold flat and we just take them out on bad weather days , or for make believe and they have a ball . While the boxes do say 200 lb cap , this does not refer to the crush resistance on the edges and corners of the assembled box -LRB- that capacity is significantly less -RRB- , so stack filled boxes with caution - and neatly and you wo n't have to worry about your items getting crushed .
 I work at a grocery store where we all use the old version of this cutter . I ordered this new model and have been showing it of to all of my associates . They all think a shipment came into the store but then I tell them I bought it online and they get all disappointed . Maybe I can get my manager to order up some of these :-RRB- The cutter itself works great . I can cut through boxes like butter with only a few clicks and a clean swipe . It can also take a good beating . I have been dropping it , stepping on it , throwing it among other things and I can tell you that it can surely take quite a beating . My job would be a lot harder without this in my pocket .
 I was given this cutter when I worked at a dept. store . I 'm currently buying one for someone else and I specifically looked for this cutter in hardware stores to no avail.The `` tape splitter '' tip is what makes it most useful for me . If you work a job that has you opening a lot of boxes then this is a must have feature that seems to be hard to find in other cutters.The other feature that comes in handy is the `` top cutter '' which pushes the blade up just under the metal extension allowing you to drag the cutter against the corners of boxes to cut a side of the box off completely and quickly.This is a great little lightweight and fast cutter . I could never use any other cutters after this .
 I 've had many versions of the Pacific Handy Cutter going on 15 years now , and if I 've done a good job on anything , it was because of this tool . I 've carried one to every job I 've had and have used it for many projects at home . I really do n't feel like I am prepared for anything without one in my back pocket
 I have an older version of this knife and I need a new one . The only problem is , I do n't want and GREEN one . Although I have used the green ones and they work exactly like mine , I just do n't like the color . A great tool , none the less .
 I like how sturdy these folders are . The top edge is thick so it wo n't warp or fold over after a lot of use . You can easily grab the top tab and pull the folder out of a file drawer.The color is nice and bright too . I 'm very pleased with the quality of these file folders and would definitely purchase them again .
 I originally bought this unit to replace the old-fashioned telephone I had to use at work for a while . Then when the company upgraded to an entirely new system , I brought this little jewel home . I am very pleased with it , the quality and features are excellent , never have had any problems with this or the extension units in over a years worth of regular use . Everything works as it should , and it was very easy to set up . It is now the only telephone system we use at the house , and we could n't be happier . A good choice if you like this style of telephone . Highly recommended if you can still find one , but AT&T has newer models now that are probably even better .
 Having owned and been very satisfied with a Siemens cordless phone system in Europe , I was dissapointed to see that Siemens appear to be withdrawing from the market in the US . I required a 5.8 GHz system , and therefore Siemens was not an option.I looked at most of the brands on the market including Motorola -LRB- large chunky phones -RRB- , Uniden , Panasonic -LRB- both seemingly having poor build quality -RRB- , VTech and AT&T. ; I settled on the AT&T ; E5640 with two additional handsets and even though I have only had the system a few weeks , I am very pleased with the build quality and functionality of the phones , as well as the price . It is a modern design , smaller form phone with no exposed aerials , which I always fear , can easily be broken off.We all know that products are built much more cheaply today and build quality is frequently an issue , but the phone has a good weight and feel to it , is formed well and the buttons feel as if they will not fail after only a few presses.Incidentally , VTech now manufacture AT&T ; phones , but the quality of the AT&T ; models still seems to surpass that of the VTech models I viewed.Having looked long and hard , and held many display model phones , I can say you will not be dissapointed choosing this feature rich , well built and good value for money system .
 We bought this around 1985 - possibly earlier . We use it to file tax receipts etc. throughout the year , and it goes in and out the file cabinet every time . It finally got a split across the top a couple of years ago and I repaired it with packing tape . Alas , it 's split again , so I guess it 's time to squander a few bucks on a new one . Sigh.The amazing thing is that the elastic cord that keeps it closed has never given up the ghost in all these years.By the way , it 's not red , it 's brown , just as shown in the illustration.Mead Red Legal Wallet -LRB- 35240 -RRB-
 FOR THE PRICE , THIS IS A VERY GOOD PHONE . BUTTONS ARE LARGE AS PROMISED , AND THE VISUAL DISPLAY TO IDENTIFY INCOMING AND DIALED CALLS IS FINE . THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE WITH THE PHONE , AND TO ME IT IS A BIG ONE , IS I HAVE BEEN UNABLE TO FIND AN ON-OFF SWITCH FOR THE RINGER . THIS IS IMPORTANT TO ME , AS I LIKE TO TURN MY PHONE OFF AT NIGHT , AS I AM A VERY LIGHT SLEEPER . THERE IS A SWITCH TO TURN THE RINGER FROM HIGH TO LOW -LRB- THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE TWO IS NEGLIGIBLE -RRB- BUT THE LACK OF AN OFF SETTING IS SOMETHING I WISH I KNEW ABOUT BEFORE PURCHASING . OTHERWISE , A EXCELLENT BUY .
 This is a basic speakerphone that is good value for money and can be used as a backup if there is no power in the house -LRB- or the cordless is out of battery :--RRB- -RRB- . Pros - Simple to install - Reasonably sturdy , the handle has fallen off a few times and has not shown any damage - Speakerphone is ok to use when you are listening in -LRB- or waiting for customer service , etc -RRB- - good backup phone that works fine without powerCons - Speakerphone is not great when you are speaking . It is not as good as the new duplex speakerphones -LRB- in most cordless phones -RRB-
 I have been using the phone now for several weeks and it works quite well and the receiver sounds good -LRB- not tinny -RRB- . I had a problem with a number key sticking once and thought `` here we go '' but it only happened once so I do n't think it will be a problem . Nice phone . Nice price . Recommended .
 Prompt service and the phone works great . I would buy from this vendor again .
 Superb Phone , Love it , great Sound !! We have purchased 3 sets of these and the product is very well made as compared to other brands . You will not be sorry !!
 Just a basic stamp , but it does what I wanted it to do . The ink is not too heavy , not too light . Nice , pretty/attractive & noticeable color . It takes little effort to get it to stamp . The cover comes off easy but does n't fall off . One of those items that just simply does what it is supposed to - perfectly .
 I love stamps for the office . It makes document control so much easier . This stamp is one I use almost every day . Once I finish entering information from a document into the computer , I stamp it , fill in the date spaces , initial underneath , and off it goes to my supervisor ! It looks much more professional than scribbling notes on the pages !
 Finally ! A gold label that does n't smear the minute you remove it from the printer . I love these!I had no problem with the template , but the test sheet included is a smidge off . You 're better off printing on a plain piece of 8.5 x 11 paper and holding it up to the labels.I used these as labels on my daughter 's 5th birthday party favors . They look great!Ideal for small , home businesses that need package seals/labels !
 I used these for my Christmas cards this year and they worked great . I used an inkjet printer . The ink dried and would not scratch off with my finger nail . I do n't know why I thought it might but I did . The labels are thick enough they did n't crease when I removed them from the sheet . Overall I am very happy with how they worked .
 These labels are PERFECT for my Christmas cards . I always print my own return labels for the holidays , and the gold put a nice elegant touch to my envelopes . Avery labels have never let me down before , and they did n't this time either . I generally use Print Shop or Avery Dennison software to print various templates , and both softwares accomodate the Avery labels . They printed beautifully , and did n't smudge immediately after -LRB- I just HAD to try -RRB- . I 'm very happy with these labels .
 I love Avery labels ! Their free templates are easy to find and download . The labels print flawlessly every time . And they are durable . I really ca n't say enough about these terrific time savers . I design my own return address labels with a family portrait on them , I print out address labels for my holiday cards , and I print larger labels for packages , all with ease ! If you are looking for high quality labels that wo n't let you down , Avery is the way to go ...
 I do n't know how many pre-printed labels I get from one source or another , but most of them manage to either spell my name wrong or butcher my address . This year I used the Avery Gold foil labels to print my own return address labels , and am happy to say that they look great . But most importantly , my name and address are correct.The label states that they are made expressly for an inkjet printer , however , I printed two pages on a laser printer using the feeing tray and the quality was exceptional .
 These labels are great quality , but gold foil is so 1980 's , and these look so cheap . I would not recommend using such a bold color for your mailing labels . Sure , Avery products are great , but this product is way too ... metallic . It screams `` I want attention . '' Great for labeling household stuff -- the labels are really bold ! But , for God 's sake do n't use these to send your mail ! You 'll be sending the wrong message !
 I have high expectations when using Avery products . These labels look good and are fairly easy to print out . Perfect for the holidays or just to make your envelope look a little classier .
 These beautiful gold foil labels are so perfect for addressing cards and gifts , very festive and to me add elegance to any correspondence.Perfect for the holiday season , they are nothing but stunning and lend a seasonal charm.They are easy to use with your Inkjet printer and a reasonable price for this level of quality.I love them and they just seem to say `` holidays . `` This is a product , I really feel completely satisfied and more with and I recommend them highly .
 These Avery Gold Inkjet labels were just what I was looking for . The labels are nicely metallic in appearance . I downloaded the template from the Avery site , created a copy with my return address and printed them out . the final look was great , but you do need to handle them carefully for a few minutes after printing to avoid smudging .
 I had no difficulties running these through our Canon inket printer , and the labels look really nice when you print them . I picked the gold color to use with our holiday cards for this year , and they look classy and elegant.That being said , it was a pain to deal with the template ! My version of MS Word did n't have the label number built into it as a template , so I had to go to Avery 's website to download it . From there , I tried copying and pasting the addresses I had typed into an old label template into this new one , and it got really wonky on me . I 've done the same thing many times before with other template numbers , so I 'm not sure why this one was so screwy . I ended up up just re-typing all my addresses in , and then it was fine , but I wish it had been easier.Overall , this stick well and look nice !
 I used the Avery template to add my return address information and it worked fine once I figured how to open the file to edit it . My only helpful hint to others is to make sure the paper holder is adjusted properly so the paper feeds into the machine without slipping to the side . The foil is a beautiful rich looking gold color and the black ink I selected shows up nicely . No complaints and the product sticks beautifully as well . I would like to see the product offered as a repositionable label in the future as my ability to stick labels in the perfect spot the first time sometimes is off the mark .
 We still like to send out old fashioned `` snail mail '' Christmas cards , and these gold foil labels are just the thing to dress up our return address labels with . They fed and printed perfectly on my Epson Workforce 30 printer . Speaking of which , a pigment ink based printer is an excellent idea for this use . Many older inkjet printers have very poor moisture resistance inks and can leave you with labels that do n't hold up to the littlest bit of rain or snow.The combination of these Avery labels and my printer made it quick , fun and easy to turn out something just a little special . Avery provides down-loadable MS Word macro software which worked perfectly for me.Two thumbs up !
 If you 're looking for appropriate return address labels for your holiday cards , these Gold Foil labels will do the trick nicely . Although the labels are quite shiny , they work perfectly with an ink-jet printer . After printing , I quickly rubbed my finger against the printed text and was unable to smudge the ink at all . The labels have sufficient room for a logo next to your name and address . While you could fit four lines of text here , a slightly larger print size and three lines of text works well.I loaded these labels into an HP PhotoSmart C309n-s for printing . I initially had a little difficulty getting the paper to engage properly . The pages have to be loaded face down in this particular printer and the mechanism pulling in the paper has to engage with the fairly slippery backing of the adhesive labels . The backing plus the labels are somewhat thicker than some label pages so the HP failed to load the page at first . Reloading with fewer sheets solved the problem . This probably says more about the HP than about the Avery labels , but it 's worth noting.Avery has a template for the 8257 at their website ; that 's the appropriate template for these 8987 labels . I downloaded the template and used it in MS Word without difficulties on my Mac . The process of downloading the template and opening it in Word was straightforward and intuitive.None of the labels peeled off or made any threat of doing so in the printing process . I printed using black ink ; contrast is very good -LRB- obviously not as good as with white labels , but certainly more than acceptable -RRB- . You might find that a bold typeface works well with these labels.The package contains 10 sheets of 30 labels each . If you do n't use the template , I 'd recommend you print on a blank sheet of paper initially , then hold it up to the address label sheet to ensure that everything lines up well . That way you wo n't waste a sheet of labels on off-center printing .
 this is the first time i had ever ventured printing adhesive mailing labels at home , and i am happy to say that it was successful and surprisingly painless . the labeling sheet itself was sturdily constructed and glossy . no complains there about the quality . since i am a novice , i decided to use the online template and printing solution that is offered at avery.com . the instructions were clear and the available customization options were decent . doubtless you may be able to customize more using your own word processor to create label templates , however , for most beginners , the online templates are sufficient.once caveat ; let the sheet dry for a few minutes before using . at least for my printer -LRB- a canon photo printer -RRB- i needed to let the labels dry for a while . in case you 're in a hurry though , i suggest using some baby powder to absorb the excess ink , and then wiping the sheet clean with a kleenex.all in all , i am satisfied with the quality and ease of use of these labels . the gold foil will definitely lend your mailings with a touch of elegance . highly recommended .
 The Avery labels have a distinguished , rich look to them which can give the ` touch of class ' many of us love to an envelope . I found the on-line options for preparation to be very easy to use and versatile.Considering that printed labels can be obtained for a fairly low price , whether printing one 's own is cost effective I can not say . Yet the versatility and capacity for modifications is a plus , and the Avery label is of a quality to match that of those commercially ordered .
 Just ran the whole package of these labels through my color laser printer . I recommend using blue ink on the gold label as opposed to black ink . It gives it a much nicer appearance.The templates available at -LSB- ... -RSB- make it easy breezy for either Mac or Windows users.These are classy , stylish labels and worth using for your special holiday mailings .
 In the past , I sometimes ordered printed gold labels to use to put in the inside cover of books and to place to personal items to identify them . I liked the gold labels since they presented a more `` quality '' appearance . The only problem was the limitations I had when I ordered printed labels . There were always limitations on font choices , amount of text on a line and number of lines . It seems that I always wanted to put one of two too many characters on a line than was permitted . Well , here are labels that I use and design the content to suit my desire . Wow ! Now to order a pack of the silver labels .
 I had no trouble printing these . I do n't have Microsoft Office but I just went to Avery 's website and found the page that enabled my printer so I could type up the return address labels and printed them out with no problem . I just took one and put it on an envelope so I can say they 're great and they are n't Frosted Flakes ! Now if I just get those Christmas cards ready for the return address label I 'll be so happy . I did n't send cards last year so need to this one .
 I recently ordered a new printer so I decided that these would be great to go along with it . I was n't at all disappointed . These Avery Gold Foil labels are both snazzy in appearance and also stick very well to whatever it is that you 're labeling . The set comes with a generous 300 labels . Included with the labels are a set of instructions for formatting and printing , which I would rate based on my experience as being extremely easy to follow . There is also a sheet of recommended printer settings . All in all , a great experience . If I run out , I will certainly consider purchasing more of these labels to use.Oh , and I would agree that using bold print would be a smart choice with these labels . I still found black text readable even without it , but there 's no doubt that boldface would add greatly to visibility with these labels . I used black ink , though , and did n't have any problems , so I ca n't speak to that issue.I have only one minor nitpick - I wish these labels were a bit larger .
 I know these are supposed to be return address labels , but I ordered them because I thought they 'd be great tags for Christmas gifts . These high quality , glossy labels work very well for that purpose . I also love their eye-catching gold color.There are , however , a few rules one needs to keep in mind when using these :1 - The instructions on each page say `` Use best print quality settings '' This is imperative ! If you do n't use your printer 's best settings , you will get a low-quality label that smears horribly . Using my HP Photosmart 's highest quality settings made all the difference in the world .2 - Even when using my printer 's best quality settings , I had to let the labels dry for a full minute before touching . After they dried , they did n't smear . However , touching them before allowing the labels to dry smeared the ink -- all over the page AND my fingers.When following the above rules , my labels were high quality and free of smears . I think it 's a small price to pay for such a pretty , high-quality label.I also like that you can download free templates from -LSB- ... -RSB- . When using Avery 's free templates , you have four options :1 - Avery Templates -LRB- a simple and basic download , works with MS Word & Adobe programs -RRB- ; 2 - Avery Wizard for MS Office -LRB- a download that gives more options than the basic option and makes MS Word even easier to use -RRB- ; 3 - Avery Design & Print Online -LRB- Online version that does not require a download , unfortunately I could n't figure out how to print a single label without printing an entire page of the same label -RRB- ; 4 - Avery DesignPro -LRB- a download that allows even more features than basic or MS Office templates . All the templates are free , and you can use them with multiple Avery products -LRB- labels , gift cards , etc. -RRB- These downloads -LRB- plus the Online version of their template -RRB- adds a lot of value to an already great product .
 I am using these stickers for two purposes so far ; highlighting our website by printing its address on these stickers and attaching them to receipts , and to advise customers to `` shake well before using '' on the bottle.I could of course include these statements on the receipt and packaging , but there is something more pleasing , and certainly more eye catching , in attaching these stickers . I am sure that there are a thousand and 1 uses for these stickers.Printing on these stickers is VERY easy using Word , Filemaker or a range of other programs .
 This is a real classy way to print personal -LRB- mailing -RRB- labels . You need to let the ink dry for a few minutes but overall it 's great .
 I use this product to create my own return address labels . They are the perfect product for this usage . This is my second pack of Silver Foil .
 I use these every year for my Christmas cards saves on signing each card . Hope I can get them from now on .
 Okay ... my review is finished . LOL!I 've used Avery office products - including their labels , notebooks and dividers and page protectors for many years -LRB- 26 to be exact , up to the present day ! -RRB- , and have never been disappointed - as is the case with these outstanding -LRB- and classy -RRB- labels.I had some round gold seals left over from Christmas cards past , and used these as return address labels on cards I sent out last year . The instructions and printing were easy and -LRB- a pet peeve with me -RRB- , the ink did not smudge , a big plus . The amount of labels -LRB- 300 -RRB- , is also generous . I think those were the most elegant Christmas card envelopes I 've ever sent - I hope everyone liked the cards , too ! : -RRB- These days , it 's especially good to see a company who stands behind their products . Between their excellent quality , helpful website and 100 % satisfaction guarantee , I 'll be using Avery products for many , many more years to come !
 30 labels per sheet , with a really nice gold finish that looks sharp . They are easily removed off the sheet after you print them . They stick well to paper -LRB- envelopes -RRB- . The are great for return address labels -LRB- that 's what they are called ! -RRB- , but I do n't think the post office would want these used as the main mailing label.Note , the description says for INKJET ONLY . The packaging says for INKJET . I 'm telling you , please DO NOT USE THESE IN A LASER PRINTER . -LRB- Sorry for shouting that , but these would gunk up your laser printer 's fuser really badly -RRB- . If you have an inkjet or retail / consumer photo printer -LRB- which is an inkjet printer -RRB- you will be happy with these.Reminder , use the highest quality setting that your inkjet printer allows ; that will ensure that the ink is really put down onto the label well . If you do n't know how to change that setting , on a Windows -LRB- TM -RRB- PC , it 's usually under print set up , or properties , and can be changed for each printing task .
 These are beautiful and ELEGANT Gold Foil labels - I printed these up and used them around the holidays
 Avery has excellent products . The setup for printing these labels is so simple that even I can do it . : DI received this set of labels just in time to send out my Christmas cards last year . They added , I believe , a touch of elegance to the envelopes . These would be perfect for anyone sending out formal announcements such as weddings , anniversaries , graduations , thank you cards , etc. ... They are good priced , good quality and nice to have on hand .
 These are designed for return address labels . Be that as it may , they work great as gift tags ! I used them at Christmas for presents . They work great in the ink jet printers I have , Canon and HP.Use the Avery software templates available online for correct placement of the address or whatever.They also look nice on containers that you use or re-use . Such as canning jars for gifts , etc.For 300 labels they are a good deal .
 I used these for my Christmas cards and they looked terrific . The template is easy to use and they printed well . They are sticky enough to stay put -LRB- you ca n't reposition them once they are on -RRB- . I 'm going to use them again next year .
 I waited until Christmas to use these gold foil labels and they were great . The size is substantial and can be seen , not like my other mini ones . The print stayed on the label with no smearing and the print was able to be seen and not faded looking against the color of the label . Have a retirement party coming up and ca n't wait to use these for the invitations .
 I used these for addressing Christmas cards and they worked great.They were easy to set up and use , adhered well and they looked great !
 These labels work great ; I used them with Adobe Illustrator -LRB- and the online templates therefor -RRB- and had no problems . However , there is a regular 8.5 x11 piece of paper in the box with the labels with `` label outlines '' to use as a test , and , for whatever reason , THAT did not conform well to the template . So when I did a trial run it was rather disappointing , but I just said , `` Screw it . '' And printed a -LRB- partial -RRB- sheet of labels , which came out perfect . Not sure why the trivial components of the package would be the least well implemented , but be warned . That said , the final product was great.You 'll also want to use bold text on these , since the bold labels I made look MUCH better and are MUCH more readable than the more stylized , thin fonts I tried out .
 We 're not using this label as a return address label , but as a package seal with our logo . Takes ink well , looks great .
 I was afraid the ink would smudge on the foil but it does n't ! My labels turned out beautifully . They look like they were professionally printed .
 OK , I 'll admit it
 These are perfect return mailing labels . They adhere well to the envelope , ink from my inkjet printer transferred beautifully to each label , and of course the metallic gold color looks really great - especially when sending out specialty cards or announcements that you just want to have a more sophisticated look . Good luck however if you would like to simply write on these -LRB- maybe for file folders for organization , etc. -RRB- as ball point ink do n't really work despite how hard you press and markers smear . If you purchase these specifically for your return mailing labels , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Product received in good condition . Met my expectations and received promptly . Product like new .
 I think my laser printer does a better job than the inkjet . The ink does n't stay very well when it comes off the inkjet . I used them on my red wedding invitation envelops . The gold foil labels do stand out and they gave an elegant look , too .
 I really enjoyed using these gold labels . They came it smooth and shiny from the printer . Great instructions and very easy setup ! They look fabulous on gifts .
 Really wonderful and beautiful gold labels for ink jet printers . These labels are beautiful , dainty , and gold.Labels also make like easier.And these labels are for ink jet printers - that 's the type of printer I have . Therefore , I 'm able to make lots of beautiful , gold labels that make life a lot easier.Labels are convenient . You can do things faster with labels.These beautiful , convenient labels are highly recommended by me .
 Exactly what I was after and was shipped to Australia with no problems . I have used this product many times .
 I bought it for my wedding invitation . At first i was worried if its going to print well , and if the gold is too shiny to see any prints . But the labels worked great with my Canon Laser printer without having to tweak the settings ; and the prints came out beautiful . The gold label added lots of character to my wedding invitation . Love it !!!!
 Exactly what I was looking for and the silver is a true , vibrant silver ... Definitely worth the price which was very reasonable and shipped very fast . .
 I am a card maker so I still use the usps a lot . I love these labels . I use them not only as return address labels but I use them for spiritual messages and stick them on the flap of my greeting cards . The print well and add an elegant look to the envelope .
 Add some pizzazz to your product labels with these foil labels . They work great in inkjet printers and stick well on products .
 These were a sample from Amazon Vine received a few months back . I had n't had a reason to use them until I thought I 'd gussy up this year 's Holiday cards and give em a test drive.I used Avery 's online label maker -LRB- 5 star software ! -RRB- after going to their site to pick up the MS Word add-in I 've used before and finding the very capable online version . I created a set of return address labels and ran a set of MS Excel based mailing addresses created from my email contacts . Quick and easy.I ran the labels through an Epson Artisan 810 inkjet multi-function printer . No special settings , just put the labels in the paper tray and went for it . The label content consisted of the address info and a small -LRB- but intricate -RRB- graphic.Results
 I used these as part of a halloween costume , layering them over each other just slightly -LRB- to prevent the rounded edges from leaving gaps of the cardboard to show through -RRB- to make a very good looking false , and unbreakable , mirror for my daughter . They worked great , and looked amazing as part of the costume . Would highly recommend .
 I have high expectations when using Avery products . These labels look good and are fairly easy to print out . Perfect for the holidays or just to make your envelope look a little classier .
 These beautiful gold foil labels are so perfect for addressing cards and gifts , very festive and to me add elegance to any correspondence.Perfect for the holiday season , they are nothing but stunning and lend a seasonal charm.They are easy to use with your Inkjet printer and a reasonable price for this level of quality.I love them and they just seem to say `` holidays . `` This is a product , I really feel completely satisfied and more with and I recommend them highly .
 These Avery Gold Inkjet labels were just what I was looking for . The labels are nicely metallic in appearance . I downloaded the template from the Avery site , created a copy with my return address and printed them out . the final look was great , but you do need to handle them carefully for a few minutes after printing to avoid smudging .
 I had no difficulties running these through our Canon inket printer , and the labels look really nice when you print them . I picked the gold color to use with our holiday cards for this year , and they look classy and elegant.That being said , it was a pain to deal with the template ! My version of MS Word did n't have the label number built into it as a template , so I had to go to Avery 's website to download it . From there , I tried copying and pasting the addresses I had typed into an old label template into this new one , and it got really wonky on me . I 've done the same thing many times before with other template numbers , so I 'm not sure why this one was so screwy . I ended up up just re-typing all my addresses in , and then it was fine , but I wish it had been easier.Overall , this stick well and look nice !
 I used the Avery template to add my return address information and it worked fine once I figured how to open the file to edit it . My only helpful hint to others is to make sure the paper holder is adjusted properly so the paper feeds into the machine without slipping to the side . The foil is a beautiful rich looking gold color and the black ink I selected shows up nicely . No complaints and the product sticks beautifully as well . I would like to see the product offered as a repositionable label in the future as my ability to stick labels in the perfect spot the first time sometimes is off the mark .
 We still like to send out old fashioned `` snail mail '' Christmas cards , and these gold foil labels are just the thing to dress up our return address labels with . They fed and printed perfectly on my Epson Workforce 30 printer . Speaking of which , a pigment ink based printer is an excellent idea for this use . Many older inkjet printers have very poor moisture resistance inks and can leave you with labels that do n't hold up to the littlest bit of rain or snow.The combination of these Avery labels and my printer made it quick , fun and easy to turn out something just a little special . Avery provides down-loadable MS Word macro software which worked perfectly for me.Two thumbs up !
 If you 're looking for appropriate return address labels for your holiday cards , these Gold Foil labels will do the trick nicely . Although the labels are quite shiny , they work perfectly with an ink-jet printer . After printing , I quickly rubbed my finger against the printed text and was unable to smudge the ink at all . The labels have sufficient room for a logo next to your name and address . While you could fit four lines of text here , a slightly larger print size and three lines of text works well.I loaded these labels into an HP PhotoSmart C309n-s for printing . I initially had a little difficulty getting the paper to engage properly . The pages have to be loaded face down in this particular printer and the mechanism pulling in the paper has to engage with the fairly slippery backing of the adhesive labels . The backing plus the labels are somewhat thicker than some label pages so the HP failed to load the page at first . Reloading with fewer sheets solved the problem . This probably says more about the HP than about the Avery labels , but it 's worth noting.Avery has a template for the 8257 at their website ; that 's the appropriate template for these 8987 labels . I downloaded the template and used it in MS Word without difficulties on my Mac . The process of downloading the template and opening it in Word was straightforward and intuitive.None of the labels peeled off or made any threat of doing so in the printing process . I printed using black ink ; contrast is very good -LRB- obviously not as good as with white labels , but certainly more than acceptable -RRB- . You might find that a bold typeface works well with these labels.The package contains 10 sheets of 30 labels each . If you do n't use the template , I 'd recommend you print on a blank sheet of paper initially , then hold it up to the address label sheet to ensure that everything lines up well . That way you wo n't waste a sheet of labels on off-center printing .
 this is the first time i had ever ventured printing adhesive mailing labels at home , and i am happy to say that it was successful and surprisingly painless . the labeling sheet itself was sturdily constructed and glossy . no complains there about the quality . since i am a novice , i decided to use the online template and printing solution that is offered at avery.com . the instructions were clear and the available customization options were decent . doubtless you may be able to customize more using your own word processor to create label templates , however , for most beginners , the online templates are sufficient.once caveat ; let the sheet dry for a few minutes before using . at least for my printer -LRB- a canon photo printer -RRB- i needed to let the labels dry for a while . in case you 're in a hurry though , i suggest using some baby powder to absorb the excess ink , and then wiping the sheet clean with a kleenex.all in all , i am satisfied with the quality and ease of use of these labels . the gold foil will definitely lend your mailings with a touch of elegance . highly recommended .
 The Avery labels have a distinguished , rich look to them which can give the ` touch of class ' many of us love to an envelope . I found the on-line options for preparation to be very easy to use and versatile.Considering that printed labels can be obtained for a fairly low price , whether printing one 's own is cost effective I can not say . Yet the versatility and capacity for modifications is a plus , and the Avery label is of a quality to match that of those commercially ordered .
 Just ran the whole package of these labels through my color laser printer . I recommend using blue ink on the gold label as opposed to black ink . It gives it a much nicer appearance.The templates available at -LSB- ... -RSB- make it easy breezy for either Mac or Windows users.These are classy , stylish labels and worth using for your special holiday mailings .
 Finally ! A gold label that does n't smear the minute you remove it from the printer . I love these!I had no problem with the template , but the test sheet included is a smidge off . You 're better off printing on a plain piece of 8.5 x 11 paper and holding it up to the labels.I used these as labels on my daughter 's 5th birthday party favors . They look great!Ideal for small , home businesses that need package seals/labels !
 I used these for my Christmas cards this year and they worked great . I used an inkjet printer . The ink dried and would not scratch off with my finger nail . I do n't know why I thought it might but I did . The labels are thick enough they did n't crease when I removed them from the sheet . Overall I am very happy with how they worked .
 These labels are PERFECT for my Christmas cards . I always print my own return labels for the holidays , and the gold put a nice elegant touch to my envelopes . Avery labels have never let me down before , and they did n't this time either . I generally use Print Shop or Avery Dennison software to print various templates , and both softwares accomodate the Avery labels . They printed beautifully , and did n't smudge immediately after -LRB- I just HAD to try -RRB- . I 'm very happy with these labels .
 I love Avery labels ! Their free templates are easy to find and download . The labels print flawlessly every time . And they are durable . I really ca n't say enough about these terrific time savers . I design my own return address labels with a family portrait on them , I print out address labels for my holiday cards , and I print larger labels for packages , all with ease ! If you are looking for high quality labels that wo n't let you down , Avery is the way to go ...
 I do n't know how many pre-printed labels I get from one source or another , but most of them manage to either spell my name wrong or butcher my address . This year I used the Avery Gold foil labels to print my own return address labels , and am happy to say that they look great . But most importantly , my name and address are correct.The label states that they are made expressly for an inkjet printer , however , I printed two pages on a laser printer using the feeing tray and the quality was exceptional .
 These labels are great quality , but gold foil is so 1980 's , and these look so cheap . I would not recommend using such a bold color for your mailing labels . Sure , Avery products are great , but this product is way too ... metallic . It screams `` I want attention . '' Great for labeling household stuff -- the labels are really bold ! But , for God 's sake do n't use these to send your mail ! You 'll be sending the wrong message !
 In the past , I sometimes ordered printed gold labels to use to put in the inside cover of books and to place to personal items to identify them . I liked the gold labels since they presented a more `` quality '' appearance . The only problem was the limitations I had when I ordered printed labels . There were always limitations on font choices , amount of text on a line and number of lines . It seems that I always wanted to put one of two too many characters on a line than was permitted . Well , here are labels that I use and design the content to suit my desire . Wow ! Now to order a pack of the silver labels .
 I had no trouble printing these . I do n't have Microsoft Office but I just went to Avery 's website and found the page that enabled my printer so I could type up the return address labels and printed them out with no problem . I just took one and put it on an envelope so I can say they 're great and they are n't Frosted Flakes ! Now if I just get those Christmas cards ready for the return address label I 'll be so happy . I did n't send cards last year so need to this one .
 I recently ordered a new printer so I decided that these would be great to go along with it . I was n't at all disappointed . These Avery Gold Foil labels are both snazzy in appearance and also stick very well to whatever it is that you 're labeling . The set comes with a generous 300 labels . Included with the labels are a set of instructions for formatting and printing , which I would rate based on my experience as being extremely easy to follow . There is also a sheet of recommended printer settings . All in all , a great experience . If I run out , I will certainly consider purchasing more of these labels to use.Oh , and I would agree that using bold print would be a smart choice with these labels . I still found black text readable even without it , but there 's no doubt that boldface would add greatly to visibility with these labels . I used black ink , though , and did n't have any problems , so I ca n't speak to that issue.I have only one minor nitpick - I wish these labels were a bit larger .
 I know these are supposed to be return address labels , but I ordered them because I thought they 'd be great tags for Christmas gifts . These high quality , glossy labels work very well for that purpose . I also love their eye-catching gold color.There are , however , a few rules one needs to keep in mind when using these :1 - The instructions on each page say `` Use best print quality settings '' This is imperative ! If you do n't use your printer 's best settings , you will get a low-quality label that smears horribly . Using my HP Photosmart 's highest quality settings made all the difference in the world .2 - Even when using my printer 's best quality settings , I had to let the labels dry for a full minute before touching . After they dried , they did n't smear . However , touching them before allowing the labels to dry smeared the ink -- all over the page AND my fingers.When following the above rules , my labels were high quality and free of smears . I think it 's a small price to pay for such a pretty , high-quality label.I also like that you can download free templates from -LSB- ... -RSB- . When using Avery 's free templates , you have four options :1 - Avery Templates -LRB- a simple and basic download , works with MS Word & Adobe programs -RRB- ; 2 - Avery Wizard for MS Office -LRB- a download that gives more options than the basic option and makes MS Word even easier to use -RRB- ; 3 - Avery Design & Print Online -LRB- Online version that does not require a download , unfortunately I could n't figure out how to print a single label without printing an entire page of the same label -RRB- ; 4 - Avery DesignPro -LRB- a download that allows even more features than basic or MS Office templates . All the templates are free , and you can use them with multiple Avery products -LRB- labels , gift cards , etc. -RRB- These downloads -LRB- plus the Online version of their template -RRB- adds a lot of value to an already great product .
 I am using these stickers for two purposes so far ; highlighting our website by printing its address on these stickers and attaching them to receipts , and to advise customers to `` shake well before using '' on the bottle.I could of course include these statements on the receipt and packaging , but there is something more pleasing , and certainly more eye catching , in attaching these stickers . I am sure that there are a thousand and 1 uses for these stickers.Printing on these stickers is VERY easy using Word , Filemaker or a range of other programs .
 This is a real classy way to print personal -LRB- mailing -RRB- labels . You need to let the ink dry for a few minutes but overall it 's great .
 I use this product to create my own return address labels . They are the perfect product for this usage . This is my second pack of Silver Foil .
 I use these every year for my Christmas cards saves on signing each card . Hope I can get them from now on .
 These labels work great ; I used them with Adobe Illustrator -LRB- and the online templates therefor -RRB- and had no problems . However , there is a regular 8.5 x11 piece of paper in the box with the labels with `` label outlines '' to use as a test , and , for whatever reason , THAT did not conform well to the template . So when I did a trial run it was rather disappointing , but I just said , `` Screw it . '' And printed a -LRB- partial -RRB- sheet of labels , which came out perfect . Not sure why the trivial components of the package would be the least well implemented , but be warned . That said , the final product was great.You 'll also want to use bold text on these , since the bold labels I made look MUCH better and are MUCH more readable than the more stylized , thin fonts I tried out .
 We 're not using this label as a return address label , but as a package seal with our logo . Takes ink well , looks great .
 I was afraid the ink would smudge on the foil but it does n't ! My labels turned out beautifully . They look like they were professionally printed .
 OK , I 'll admit it
 These are perfect return mailing labels . They adhere well to the envelope , ink from my inkjet printer transferred beautifully to each label , and of course the metallic gold color looks really great - especially when sending out specialty cards or announcements that you just want to have a more sophisticated look . Good luck however if you would like to simply write on these -LRB- maybe for file folders for organization , etc. -RRB- as ball point ink do n't really work despite how hard you press and markers smear . If you purchase these specifically for your return mailing labels , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Product received in good condition . Met my expectations and received promptly . Product like new .
 I think my laser printer does a better job than the inkjet . The ink does n't stay very well when it comes off the inkjet . I used them on my red wedding invitation envelops . The gold foil labels do stand out and they gave an elegant look , too .
 I really enjoyed using these gold labels . They came it smooth and shiny from the printer . Great instructions and very easy setup ! They look fabulous on gifts .
 Really wonderful and beautiful gold labels for ink jet printers . These labels are beautiful , dainty , and gold.Labels also make like easier.And these labels are for ink jet printers - that 's the type of printer I have . Therefore , I 'm able to make lots of beautiful , gold labels that make life a lot easier.Labels are convenient . You can do things faster with labels.These beautiful , convenient labels are highly recommended by me .
 Okay ... my review is finished . LOL!I 've used Avery office products - including their labels , notebooks and dividers and page protectors for many years -LRB- 26 to be exact , up to the present day ! -RRB- , and have never been disappointed - as is the case with these outstanding -LRB- and classy -RRB- labels.I had some round gold seals left over from Christmas cards past , and used these as return address labels on cards I sent out last year . The instructions and printing were easy and -LRB- a pet peeve with me -RRB- , the ink did not smudge , a big plus . The amount of labels -LRB- 300 -RRB- , is also generous . I think those were the most elegant Christmas card envelopes I 've ever sent - I hope everyone liked the cards , too ! : -RRB- These days , it 's especially good to see a company who stands behind their products . Between their excellent quality , helpful website and 100 % satisfaction guarantee , I 'll be using Avery products for many , many more years to come !
 30 labels per sheet , with a really nice gold finish that looks sharp . They are easily removed off the sheet after you print them . They stick well to paper -LRB- envelopes -RRB- . The are great for return address labels -LRB- that 's what they are called ! -RRB- , but I do n't think the post office would want these used as the main mailing label.Note , the description says for INKJET ONLY . The packaging says for INKJET . I 'm telling you , please DO NOT USE THESE IN A LASER PRINTER . -LRB- Sorry for shouting that , but these would gunk up your laser printer 's fuser really badly -RRB- . If you have an inkjet or retail / consumer photo printer -LRB- which is an inkjet printer -RRB- you will be happy with these.Reminder , use the highest quality setting that your inkjet printer allows ; that will ensure that the ink is really put down onto the label well . If you do n't know how to change that setting , on a Windows -LRB- TM -RRB- PC , it 's usually under print set up , or properties , and can be changed for each printing task .
 These are beautiful and ELEGANT Gold Foil labels - I printed these up and used them around the holidays
 Avery has excellent products . The setup for printing these labels is so simple that even I can do it . : DI received this set of labels just in time to send out my Christmas cards last year . They added , I believe , a touch of elegance to the envelopes . These would be perfect for anyone sending out formal announcements such as weddings , anniversaries , graduations , thank you cards , etc. ... They are good priced , good quality and nice to have on hand .
 These are designed for return address labels . Be that as it may , they work great as gift tags ! I used them at Christmas for presents . They work great in the ink jet printers I have , Canon and HP.Use the Avery software templates available online for correct placement of the address or whatever.They also look nice on containers that you use or re-use . Such as canning jars for gifts , etc.For 300 labels they are a good deal .
 I used these for my Christmas cards and they looked terrific . The template is easy to use and they printed well . They are sticky enough to stay put -LRB- you ca n't reposition them once they are on -RRB- . I 'm going to use them again next year .
 I waited until Christmas to use these gold foil labels and they were great . The size is substantial and can be seen , not like my other mini ones . The print stayed on the label with no smearing and the print was able to be seen and not faded looking against the color of the label . Have a retirement party coming up and ca n't wait to use these for the invitations .
 I used these for addressing Christmas cards and they worked great.They were easy to set up and use , adhered well and they looked great !
 Exactly what I was after and was shipped to Australia with no problems . I have used this product many times .
 I bought it for my wedding invitation . At first i was worried if its going to print well , and if the gold is too shiny to see any prints . But the labels worked great with my Canon Laser printer without having to tweak the settings ; and the prints came out beautiful . The gold label added lots of character to my wedding invitation . Love it !!!!
 Exactly what I was looking for and the silver is a true , vibrant silver ... Definitely worth the price which was very reasonable and shipped very fast . .
 I am a card maker so I still use the usps a lot . I love these labels . I use them not only as return address labels but I use them for spiritual messages and stick them on the flap of my greeting cards . The print well and add an elegant look to the envelope .
 Add some pizzazz to your product labels with these foil labels . They work great in inkjet printers and stick well on products .
 These were a sample from Amazon Vine received a few months back . I had n't had a reason to use them until I thought I 'd gussy up this year 's Holiday cards and give em a test drive.I used Avery 's online label maker -LRB- 5 star software ! -RRB- after going to their site to pick up the MS Word add-in I 've used before and finding the very capable online version . I created a set of return address labels and ran a set of MS Excel based mailing addresses created from my email contacts . Quick and easy.I ran the labels through an Epson Artisan 810 inkjet multi-function printer . No special settings , just put the labels in the paper tray and went for it . The label content consisted of the address info and a small -LRB- but intricate -RRB- graphic.Results
 I used these as part of a halloween costume , layering them over each other just slightly -LRB- to prevent the rounded edges from leaving gaps of the cardboard to show through -RRB- to make a very good looking false , and unbreakable , mirror for my daughter . They worked great , and looked amazing as part of the costume . Would highly recommend .
 These labels are useful for many types of use . Avery labels are my most trusted products of investment . Came in quickly , now I am able to continue on my projects .
 This is a great stand . I 've had mine for several years with no problems . It is very solid -LRB- metal -RRB- . I have n't had any issues with screws or scratches like a previous reviewer did . Perhaps he received a defective unit .
 This phone was the fine tune touch for my husbands home office that is filled with Nascar and Earhart collectables . The most fun we have with it is our grandson who loves to push the button to hear the `` Gentleman start your engines '' It really is a fun touch
 This phone is getting very rare . It is a fantastic phone to have for my grand kids to enjoy . They only get to touch the try it button right now though !
 The pen arrived in plenty of time for me to print all the wedding place cards . It performed in a beautiful way . The point was perfect and there was plenty of ink in the one cartridge . I printed over 80 cards and there is still some ink left in the cartridge . It was very comfortable in my hand as I printed . There is an open area where one can see the reserve of ink.I would suggest this pen to anyone interested in using a very calligraphy fountain pen with the fine point
 I have used these pens forever and am glad to find an internet source . They write as well as the very expensive ones ... a must for those that prefer a fountain pen .
 I received this pen as a gift . I have not written with a fountain pen because I thought it might be messy , leaving ink on my fingers . But this pen is great and no ink splotches on my hands . I would definitely give this as a gift .
 I am very pleased with this purchase and continue to make this purchase over and over . These are excellent calligraphy pens and nibs .
 I really like this board because it is very strong and seems to w0rk well with the pen it came with . . our whole family loves it and it has a nice strong magnet on the back which I have on the fridge .
 I used these to address wedding invitations and they worked great . They printed perfectly and I did n't even need to do any calibrating to make things print properly . The label sheets are also `` easy peel '' which means that you just bend the sheet a bit and the whole column of labels pop up so you can easily grab them and peel them off the sheet - a great feature . I will be ordering more of these for sure !
 These labels worked great . I used them for address labels on post cards on a recent vacation . I like the clear label as it can work on many surfaces and not look tacky . They hold the printing just fine and were easy to use .
 Very easy to use , and I love the template on the official website . It takes quite a while to dry the ink , though .
 I use labels frequently for work . This was the first time I had used the `` Easy Peel '' variety . It is much , much easier to get these off the page than the normal type . The `` Easy Peel '' is accomplished by a small perforation on the right side . After you bend the perforation it exposes a small amount of the label , giving you a nice `` handle '' to pick up.These labels were completely clear on ivory envelopes . With the matte finish you could barely tell there was a label on the envelope at all.I used them with a laser printer and had no difficulties at all . The ink was crisp and clear with no dithering . The sheets say that you should not put them through the printer more than once and only in a certain directly . I did send a couple sheets through twice with no problems.Nice quality labels . Worth the little bit of extra money for clear and easy peel .
 I used these clear address labels to address hundreds upon hundreds of envelopes.I used the corresponding Avery template , which was easy to use.And mostly - everything turned out great . However , on every page a couple of the addresses somehow were misaligned and would print half a line on the wrong address label - sometimes the top line , and sometimes it would be the bottom line . I 'm not sure why because the template looks good and all the other addresses on the sheets would print out perfectly , and there was no distortion of the fonts and the lines were straight so I do n't believe it was an issue with the printer itself . Who knows ... Not a deal breaker . Printed well on my laser printer , and I think the ink dried fairly quickly on it because I did n't have any smudging , nor did I try.The adhesive is very strong , I mis-aligned a label on an envelope and it 's very hard to remove without removing a little bit of paper underneath as well ! Perfect strong adhesive for an address label .
 These clear labels are great and look very nice on envelopes . I used these for my wedding Save-the-Date envelopes to address for my guests . It was easy to put through my printer and they turned out just like I would have wanted . The only reason for the 4 stars -LRB- instead of 5 -RRB- is because if you do n't lay the labels out to dry then they will smear . Overall , great item that does the job : -RRB-
 Good product , sticks well , they are thin and a bit hard to handle but printing on them was no problem . Would buy again .
 These worked wonderful for my sons save the dates . I will be ordering more for the wedding invitations . Make life easy !
 For some reason , my laser printer liked to eat these labels despite my best effort to keeping it from doing so . I still gave them four stars because they will most likely work just fine for you .
 I have spice containers that are clear and these labels are perfect for labeling them . I can read what spice is in the containers as well as see the spices inside .
 Use this with my laser printer and color envelopes -- it works really well , and has a nice look . I do n't have time to address every single envelope for things like christmas cards , invites , announcements .
 These worked great in my color laser printer , unlike other clear laser labels I have had that only worked in monochrome printers . They peel off readily and are barely visible on a colored envelope .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband . He is a big Steelers fan and has his own area of the house , his &#34; Man Cave &#34; which is filled with Steeler Stuff !! He is very happy with his new mousepad .
 I bought this as a birthday present for my dad , who is a Steelers fan ... and he loved it ! He has needed a mouse pad for a long time , and now he has one , with his favorite team on it ! It 's great quality , looks great , and works great !
 This is perfect for the Steeler fan . You will love the quality and colors of this mouse pad . It is worth it . I would recommend this to everyone .
 The mousepad arrived in plenty of time for the holidays , and it is really of high quality . Sharp looking and detailed nicely . I 'm happy I decided to get it !
 I wanted to get a relatively inexpensive gift for a co-worker who is a Steeler 's fan ; they loved it ! It 's a good size and good quality .
 I was very pleased with this purchase , I bought it as part of a gift and the response was excellent .
 I really like this one . It not only has my favorite football team 's logo , but it 's also sturdy with a good weight to it . Nice product all around .
 Medical File folders with two fasteners are what I expected , they are inexpensive and fit the bill . Only problem , there are forty folders , not fifty .
 I own a psychotherapy practice with prescriptive authority . This folder allows me to have 4 areas for my information - clinical notes , personal information from client 's front sheet , my medication profile and activity and my client 's insurance information and hippa compliance . It is bigger than a normal folder but it well worth while for me as I can find the information I need immediately , When you see patient 's back to back , a clinician needs to make the practice as efficient as possible . This particular folder does it for me - plus it is very sturdy . I definitely recommend it to all clinical professionals .
 This is one of the coolest gadgets I 've seen , but it 's not so hot if you 're not willing to modify it.First the idea is brilliant . The raise/lower mechanism works well and is heavy duty . There 's no locking of the mechanism once you have it adjusted for height and that 's probably not ideal , but it 's stiff enough to stay put when you have it where you want it . It works.The tilt adjustment does lock and it works well . The keyboard tray is good.The mouse tray , on the other hand , is cheesy and bounces when you use the mouse . My wrist got sore after a couple of days because I was not able to put any weight on the tray - ended up basically holding my arm up against gravity , and that hurt.The solution is easy if you have the tools to cut a piece of plywood and replace both trays with a new single tray . I used 3/4-inch plywood cut to 113/4 x 253/4 `` to hold my Microsoft ergonomic keyboard and Joy/Wow mouse . Be careful not to cut it so wide that it wo n't retract under your desk . The mechanism is strong enough to hold the extra weight of the plywood without any problem.Finally , I 'm not sure if the standing desk idea is great or not - I 'm enjoying it for short periods now - but my plan is to use this with a TreadDesk treadmill . They offer a motorized desk so you can use it with a chair vs. walking on the treadmill , but it 's a lot simpler to raise and lower your keyboard than the whole desk . With the modification I describe , I believe this will work very well , and I 'm very happy that the folks at Fellowes offer it .
 Do yourself a favor & pick one of these up before they are discontinued , this is an excellent phone , easy to use in every way . The only reason I need a new one is because I dropped my last one too many times .
 The quality and the clarity of this speaker phone is much better than using a typical speaker on a regular business phone . No problems with sound fading , etc. typically experienced on a regular business phone while talking . This was a very good purchase and investment to have because its cost is a little more than a regular business telephone . Great for meetings or for conference calls .
 I bought one used for $ 85 and it works great . Remote mics really help . Buying one new for $ 700-800 is really too much .
 I have seen several type speaker units , nothing compares to the polycom . The built-in speaker sound is clear and crisp when listen . There are no `` pops '' , faded sound when both parties are speaking at the same time . Of course this is made for business conferencing , I use this unit at home for personal use aswell . Polycom produces the best quality speaker phones and accessories . I highly recommend it for any type purposes .
 This shredder is by far the best from fellowes that we have ever purchased . Although I wish we had gotten the C-120C which was the confetti shredder -LRB- but also costs more -RRB- . The strip cut is fine for most applications , but tends to fill up the 13 gallon basket faster .
 This has been a reliable workhorse for my office . Shreds 100s of pages a week and never any problems .
 I wish I 'd bought a decent shredder like this years ago instead of wasting all that money replacing those cheap ones you buy at Sam 's . This shredder is quiet , strong , and quick with a good pile of paper at a time.I 'm very satisfied with it .
 We 've shredded dumpsters full of paper.The paper full detector seems to go on sooner than necessary . We 've stopped using plastic bags which seem to make the detector go on too soon.Oil regularly !
 I highly recommend this shredder . Unlike others out there it does n't require any off time in between shredding , which is great if you 're a busy office and have a lot of papers to shred on a daily basis . It is also relatively quiet and super fast ! It can also shred a lot at one time . The only complaint I have with it is the sensor for the full bin is highly sensitive ! It will say it 's full when it 's not then you have to open the drawer and push the paper down to keep going . It can get frustrating , but the pros definitely out-weigh that one little con !
 I have had my Fellowes C-120 strip cut shredder for about a month and I love it.Fellowes Powershred C-120 18-20 sheet Strip Cut ShredderI find shredding documents to be a great stress reliever especially when the shredder works as well as this one does.I 've worked with several confetti cross-cut type shredders from various manufacturers and none last very long or can handler more than just a few sheets of paper at a time . They are slow , noisy , and create a mess when you have to empty the waste container . I think for the average user you probably do n't really need a cross-cut shredder.I 've also worked with several strip cut shredders and they always seem more durable . They are faster , make a lot less noise , and it is easier to clean up any mess generated when you need to empty the machine . I have found that in general the Fellowes brand strip-shredders seem to perform the best.The Fellowes Powershred C-120 is perfect for what I need . I have a small home office and shred about 150 sheets of paper every day . My shredder is powerful and seems to easily handle 20 pages of paper at a time . It is fast and quiet . I can shred paper and talk on the phone at the same time . It has a decent capacity waste container . It stands as tall as my desk surface . I anticipate that I will be using this machine for several years to come.I would recommend this shredder if you need a larger shredder for a small office .
 If you are tired of fighting with small office paper shredders , look no further . This Powershred lives up to its name as it easily handles 20 sheets at a time . I have never felt the need to baby it like other smaller shredders . It seems to be build very solidly and the slim design makes it easy to place in an office . The 91/2 inch opening allows us to feed reports printed in tractor feed paper . For the price and capabilities , this is a great value !
 Great shredder . Works fast and quietly . It does not cross shred though , but that is probably why it shreds quickly .
 Purchased for the small office I work at and have had no issues with this unit . Works great for our needs .
 this shredder is nice and quiet . Just remember though , it is a strip cutter and not a cross cutter .
 I needed several frames for 81/2 by 11 inches . These frames are pretty cheap , but do n't look cheap . I am pleased , and the shipping was lightening fast.Very nice vendor to deal with .
 I absolutely love the functionality of the product ! I had one at work I found in the supply closet & love it ! I went in search of one at the stores , but only found this exact item online . The quality , durability , and functionality of the item are great for the desk . The packaging was kind of sucky , no padding . Only one corner a little dented , basically comes complete in a cardboard box with no padding . Hopefully your postal/UPS/Etc carrier is nice and does n't drop it .
 Everyone in the office is extremely pleased with these openers . They may not be the fanciest thing around , but the price is right and they do the job they are designed for quite well .
 This matches my favorite sweatshirt.My favorite mouse pad was the one of Dilbert 's boss with the etch-a-sketch . It is n't available any more .
 I love this little magnetic holder . It is a good size -LRB- holds plenty of clips -RRB- and is completely convenient . Does n't take up much desk space . You can just drop spare clips in the top , and when you need one either just grab it -LRB- or turn the box over and shake it once to replenish the clips on top -RRB- . The magnetic top holds the clips so they stick out of the hole , just like the picture shows , making them easy to grab . Simple design , easy , effective , attractive , and durable -- mine has lasted for years ! I 'm now buying a second one for my home office . Best paper clip storage solution ever !
 The folders are thinner that what I 've expected compare to the ones that I had previously purchased from staples but they did n't carry them in pink .
 This is a nice envelope . I shopped around and considered before ordering , and after receiving and using , like them . The white color makes a nice clean looking envelope -LRB- compared to the brown color -RRB- . I wasnt familiar with this type of seal , but it works well , it is plenty wide enough to make a strong & secure seal , altho it is possible to re-open it without ruining it . The sticky , on both sides , allows them to be stacked in the box they come in without sticking together , but when you seal the 2 sticky edges together it seals quite well . The only drawback for me is that the white paper allows print to possibly show thru , I would prefer a security interior . Another great thing about this envelope is that current postal regulations call this 6x9 envelope a ` letter ' , as long as it 's less than 1/4 '' thick , and uses the same postage as any letter -LRB- $ 0.44 / oz -RRB- ; but if you buy a 6.5 x 9.5 envelope , offered elsewhere , it is considered a ` large envelope ' which costs $ 0.80 for the first ounce .
 I use these envelopes for a yearly bulk mailing . They make the project look great and the ease of the self sealing make the `` stuffing '' process a breeze ! I will only use these envelopes for this project .
 This is a nice envelope . I shopped around and considered before ordering , and after receiving and using , like them . The white color makes a nice clean looking envelope -LRB- compared to the brown color -RRB- . I wasnt familiar with this type of seal , but it works well , it is plenty wide enough to make a strong & secure seal , altho it is possible to re-open it without ruining it . The sticky , on both sides , allows them to be stacked in the box they come in without sticking together , but when you seal the 2 sticky edges together it seals quite well . The only drawback for me is that the white paper allows print to possibly show thru , I would prefer a security interior . Another great thing about this envelope is that current postal regulations call this 6x9 envelope a ` letter ' , as long as it 's less than 1/4 '' thick , and uses the same postage as any letter -LRB- $ 0.44 / oz -RRB- ; but if you buy a 6.5 x 9.5 envelope , offered elsewhere , it is considered a ` large envelope ' which costs $ 0.80 for the first ounce .
 This organizer came in timely and looks exactly as represented . This is for my Boss ' desk and I 'm glad there were n't any issues with it .
 The desk-organizer we bought from you is so well-designed , that it has , shown us , so . . much more , about apartment living , than we had thought-of !
 Length :
 My kids have figured out every other door stop we 've used . This is the first one that 's lasted . It 's completely worth it .
 This door stopper works just as advertised . I was amazed at how `` sticky '' it was when used as a traditional door stop . The door can usually push door stops along and I have to kind of jam the door stop under it . Not with this one . It does n't slide at all on the tile floor . When I use it at the top of the door , it holds the door wide open . It 's little hard for me to get the door stop out because it 's up so high . When you use it in the middle -LRB- by the hinge -RRB- it does n't really hold the door all the way open . It 's at about 70 degrees instead of 90 degrees . But it still works well . Overall , very happy with this purchase .
 This little things save us a lot of money on door repairs at our hotel . They do a really nice job of holding doors open you can slide it under the door , and a piece of rubber contacts the ground to hold the door still does n't matter what kind of surface . Otherwise you can always place it between the door and the jamb . Works well that way too . Highly recommend this product !
 We 've tried door stop after door stop and nothing held our heavy doors open at our camp . Then we discovered the Wedge-It ! No more doors sliding shut . No more crushed rubber door stops . Great product ! Great solution !
 I 've used this chock for almost ten years and just got two more as a gift . I highly recommend them , but definitely label it . If you are first in and last out , someone else might make good use of your cool new tool . I also like the fact you can clip a caribiner through the small hole if you want to wear it on your jacket instead of your helmet or in a pocket .
 You can tell someone put some thought into designing this door stop . Works well tile and linoleum , only a problem if door height is to high .
 Looking for the `` ultimate '' Christmas stocking stuffer , I happened upon this lttle gem ... and in lime green ! -LRB- Good color choice ... ca n't miss it ! -RRB- Not only a great fun gift but also serious business when needed .
 I use it for industrial electrical boxes . Without it the doors that would constantly shut or hit me in the head now stay open . A great product to keep any door open .
 I AM A SERVICE TRUCK DRIVER AND HAUL LADDERS AND MATERIAL THROUGH DOORWAYS ALL THE TIME . HELPS ME FROM DAMAGING CUSTOMERS DOORS . WORKS FOR MANY DIFFERENT TYPES OF DOORS . I PURCHASED TWO OF THEM AND HAVE ALREADY PUT THEM TO GOOD USE .
 This is he perfect door stop . I am slightly , and I mean only slight , that someone will pull the door shut , not realizing there is a ` door jam ' , but it is highly unlikely where I use it.Because we replaced our bedroom flooring with hardwood , the door then swung more freely causing concern if someone got up in the -LRB- dark -RRB- night . I really did n't want a floor model door stop ; it would get in the way , and be somewhat unattractive.This is out of sight and works just as described.We purchased two , one for the guest room which door is kept closed most of the time . However I put a string thru it and hung it on the door know so it is always available.I highly recommend this product .
 Very convienent and handy gadget . Use it for hotel operations in storage areas and maintenance , open the door and drop in . Could n't be easier !
 This is a really good little utility that serves its intended purpose very well . However , on some doors it may damage paint . It would be helpful if it had more of the rubber strips to help alleviate the problem . I use it but put a washcloth between it and the door to protect the door .
 Keep these at all doors , especially autoclosers . This is really an awesome product that releaves your need for extra hands at doorways .
 We used to have a old style door stopper made out of wood . More often you had keep pushing the same under the door for the door to be open , Bought this based on Amazon recommendations . Thoroughly satisfied . Great product Thanks
 We have heavy metal doors in the office that have self closure device . This is the only doorstop that works on that door.It 's easy to use and works perfectly in the door jam .
 My office is on the second floor and because it 's very windy up here , wind slams my windows constantly . The wedge-it solves this problem perfectly . It also worked on my door and I 'm thrilled . It also looks very nice -LRB- I used to have a wood piece and it looked weird on my window -RRB- .
 have a door that really annoys you and will not stay open with a door stop ... you need this thing . it works . very well .
 Got this door stop for my classroom . My door has a large space at the bottom of the door so a typical/regular door stop does n't fit . I purchased the larger wedge and it still did n't hold the door open . The door would just swing over it . I purchased another door stop that looked like a comma , which worked for several weeks ... then it flattened and started to slide , not keeping the door open . I found this one and saw all the different spots you can place it to keep the door open . I purchased this late August and it still works like it did the first day . My students kick it , step on it , slam it in the door ... you name it , they 've done it . It has n't damaged one bit . It also has a small hole on the &#34; ramp &#34; part of the wedge and I use it to hang it up to keep it out of the way . I have a small plastic hook right by the door that I hang it on when it 's not being used .
 I work in an organization that spares no expense when it comes to workplace safety . This is the doorstop they use , and after buying my own I know why . Top quality product , highly recommend .
 If you are looking for a door stop and you can get past the lime green BUY THIS !!! It is the ONLY thing I 've found that holds a door open on a waxed floor OR low pile carpet . It can be used in the door frame -LRB- by the hinges -RRB- but that dents the door and wood frame . This really is the best ... although I wish it was n't Lime Green . : -RRB-
 I work in the mail room & this works well , I 'm moving packages all day w / hand trucks . Better than holding door & trying to push the truck through . Holds heaviest of doors open . Have used it when moving friends .
 Received the boxes within 3 days . Very happy with restockit . Will be using them again .
 Stamper configurations and mechanism was as promised . Took a while to get here , a little over 10 days . The pre-inked pad was a bit dry so I had to prime it with some ink of my own . It works okay .
 The best sound quality that you can get in your office.I am using a pair of those to connect between my US office and East Europe .
 I have used numerous fine tip red ink pens over the years in my mechanical engineering drawing reviews and I must say that this extra fine Pilot Precise Grip is without a doubt , one of the best . Lines are crisp and clear , with no skips . The pen is comfortable to hold with its ' rubberized surface at grip area . As for construction , it looks high quality and well made . Well done Pilot !
 Forget your previous experience with speaker phones . People can not tell the difference when I am on handset or headset or speakerphone . No 55 gallon drum echoes . No feeling for your caller like they are on an auditorium PA. . Excellent quality sound in all modes . Full duplex audio means nothing missed or clipped on speakerphone mode . You will want a headset to use with this , and the internal electronic compatability with mini plug headsets means a relatively inexpensive Plantronics will work beautifully -LRB- and with your cell phone with an adapter ! -RRB- . I am an `` old guy '' and no longer get the same thrill I used to from capital asset purchases , but this telephone has made my day for the last month .
 The quality of the SoundPoint Pro really comes out when holding speakerphone calls . Full-duplex , which prevents clipping , is an absolute necessity for speakerphone work . All the other full-duplex phones I tried , such as the Panisonic and the Casio PhoneMate had too much feature creep and did n't seem to grasp on the main point of high quality phones , transmitting and receiving with the utmost fidelity.The received sound is a bit too heavy on the bass , but clear and realistic . All of the features , except the primitive speed dial feature , are usable , thought out and intuitive . A YoYo from Big-Island is a perfect companion for resolving the phonebook/speed dial issue .
 Since my review on January 18 I 've tested the conferencing abilities of a few other phones , including this Polycom . I found that the Polycom performed the same or better than all of the other phones I tested . Thus , I must take back my issue with the Polycom 's conferencing abilities.This phone is not perfect -- it 's caller id and speed dial controls and display could be improved -- but it 's by far the best sounding and best functioning multi-line speakerphone that I have found to date .
 I have used many speakerphones over the years in my consulting career.So for my own home office , I wanted a 2 line speaker full duplex speakerphone ... My choices came down to the SoundPoint Pro and the AT&T 962 . I am very satisfied with the SoundPoint Pro quality and sound . My only comment is that the tone is a bit bassy especially when using the handset -LRB- which is not very often -RRB- . The clarity is top notch !
 For the price this was a perfect buy . I do n't do a whole lot of faxing but very handy when a necessary job comes up . I would recomend this product .
 I bought a Brother refurbished fax in order to fulfill my personal need to have a reliable equipment.I am very satisfied with the purchase and recommend others to purchase refurbished equipment from Amazon.Jose Morales
 I ordered the Brother 's Phone/Fax machine and could n't be happier with the price and the product . I could n't believe how fast my order was processed and received . Thanks for the great service !
 I purchased a used phone because they are SO much cheeper and I am glad I did because I looks and works just like new .
 I was very happy with their service . My order arrived on time . I will consider them again for my future order Thanks
 All was good . The phones came refurbished and looking almost new . Everything works fine .
 I bought this phone knowing that it did not come with a power cord but with many 7940 & later phones , they can get power from the LAN connection . I purchased this phone for my office at work and was attracted to the under $ 100 price tag . I got what I paid for and have no complaints !
 high recommend this product . Many companies are moving to VOIP Technologies for cheaper but reliable voice communcations . This phone is ideal and very useful product ...
 This is the fifth panasonic es7035 I have bought . For the price it gives me the closest shave ever . I highly recommend this razor .
 I got this as a gift for my brother who has an extensive collection of key chains . He never saw this one before and it was a real find for his collection .
 This is the easiest-to-assemble cart I 've ever seen . We use this in our warehouse for handling and shipping organic superfoods . The cart is rugged , assembles in just minutes , and it 's easy to clean . The walls on the top prevent objects from sliding off the sides . It 's also quieter to use than metal surfaces if you 're handling metal objects such as steel cans .
 Great buy , easy to assemble and it works for what we bought it for . I was n't sure if it was going to fit through a normal doorway , but it did .
 I bought this as a cart to use outside around the yard and in the garage . It is definitely multi purpose ... Was easily to assemble and is very sturdy , just as the description states . Very happy to receive item as described ; a little more expensive but worth it for the quality . Rubbermaid is the best !
 Very durable , great price , and easy to assemble . Could be used for anything from the shop , garage , warehouse , or for a mobile saw and compressor cart like I purchased it for !
 This cart was easy to assemble , it is as strong as advertised , It is just the right size to load up with yard `` stuff '' that is constantly changing according to the season . I move it from place to place in the garage , according to what I need at the time . Love it !
 Being a Musician , I Purchased the Rubbermaid Commercial Heavy-Duty Utility Cart for transporting my musical equipment such as PA system , Speakers and Instruments from my vehicle into my Performances and it has totaly exceeded my Expectations . The cart is really light when empty which makes it very easy to load into the vehicle itself . The Cart with a heavy load is very easy to manuever and was easy to assemble . I assembled the unit in about 40 minutes . This is truly a great Cart .
 I purchased this for the church education building - it is excellent - the smaller size and two shelves assist the volunteers and employees perfectly - perfectly - great buy !
 Works great . I use it to transport everything from tools around the garage , groceries from car to house and as a handy work table holding tools . Easy to roll around , great capacity . Plan on screwing a power strip to it for more uses .
 Strong and sturdy . Easy to assemble and very functional . Moves around no problem and even when loaded near capacity feels solid . While they are not inexpensive they will last and perform without issue so makes for a good value .
 I had reservations on the material , but the construction is solid , the cart rolls smoothly , and it 's very stable . It 's easy to maneuver even when loaded up to capacity .
 Great cart . Built strong . Easy to assemble . Very strong . Smooth wheel action . Love it and I would recommend it to anyone .
 I got this cart at a decent price . It is durable and really easy to put together . My only complaint is , the cart should have come with at least one pair of locking caster
 Versatile cart , easy to assemble , easy to maneuver in the greenhouse , easy to clean afterward . Great value for the price .
 We use this in our kitchen to move heavy items around . works great for our needs ! this is not a show piece like the $ 500 carts , but a great utility cart .
 Carm came in on time . It was easy to assemble with tow people . One person maybe a little more difficult . sturdy and easy to clean .
 The quality is better than expected . I use this cart to transport heavy items such as many bags of cat litter and other shopping items right through my garage and straight through my kitchen to the pantry as it rolls very smoothly without damaging my vinyl and wood flooring . I also found it useful in transporting heavy toolboxes to my truck and also serves as a portable work area . Assembly is quite easy and goes rather quickly if you use a battery powered drill and a # 2 philips .
 My husband has wanted one of these for school . He loves it . Keeps all of his supplies readily available . Sturdy and easy to assemble .
 This cart is used on a concrete floor under heavy loads . It rolls very easily and is very sturdy . The top tray cleans easily .
 Handles easily . Very sturdy and versatile . Wish I had bought it sooner . It has made life at work a lot easier .
 We needed a cart with a little wider footprint for stability to support a generator -LRB- about 110 pounds -RRB- as I loaded it on and off my pickup for camping/travel . This cart is both substantial in strength and stability . I made a rack to increase the height and have a ramp to roll the generator on and off the truck . We store the generator on this cart and it handles well to roll out of the way . Even with the added height and heavy weight on top , this cart is very stable.Larger wheels would have been nice but our usage is probably not typical and we can handle it as is .
 This cart is very handy in our shop has nice options that make it very versatible ! The only thing I would like is wider wheels . I would recomend this cart to anyone .
 This cart was the best purchase I made for the warehouse . Easy to put together . Maneuvers very well with the 2 fixed wheels and the 2 full rotation wheels on the front . Love the double shelf and the little storage compartment by the handle . Great price too .
 This cart is being used to hold and transport our house plants , which include two tomato plants . Night time temps can drop below freezing , even in the summer , so our plants can get the benefits of sunny warm days and stay warm at night . Cart is working great .
 The Rubbermaid Commercial Heavy-Duty Utility Cart is a plus for a any business . Its large enough to put a lot of items on and wheel around to desired area . You can put it in a corner and wait for next use . I love it !
 Great cart , easy to clean . The only thing that bothers me is that it 's a pull cart . They should have handles at both ends so when it 's necessary to push you are able to .
 We use this cart in a commercial building for our maintenance staff . It holds a lot of weight , rolls easily , and is large enough to lay out a full set of blueprints when working on projects around the building . I am very impressed with it .
 Got this cart to use after we moved to a 3rd floor condo at the beach . It is perfect for carrying anything from groceries to heavy boxes of ceiling fans , etc. . Arrived quickly , assembled easily and is very sturdy and easy to maneuver . Much better than anything we could find in stores -LRB- including Home Depot , Lowe 's , hardware stores , Target , etc. -RRB- . Highly recommend !
 I am not easily impressed , nor am I quick to give anything five stars , but this is just plain the best cart I 've seen or used . Extremely easy to assemble ... did n't even come with instructions . None needed ! Rock solid , extremely easy rolling and custom molded with a number of features that are surpisingly handy -LRB- like a cord holder or tie down points -RRB- . I know if I ever need another -LRB- as an addition ... I doubt I 'll ever need replacement -RRB- , this is the cart I 'm getting . Perfect size to boot ! The days of the rickety , noisy , small metal cart are gone .
 I just finished a CPR course and was advised to purchase some `` face-shields '' by the instructor . I searched on line and was being very depressed over the cost and large numbers of required purchases . Then I found the item here -LRB- Amazon -RRB- . They are excellent , extremely easy to carry , and THE BEST PRICE ON THE MARKET by a long ways .
 I love this product and had been looking for something like this for a long time . I couldn NOT believe how quickly I got my shipment ... and would not hesitate using this seller again .
 I run a small office and found it very difficult to keep track of staff hours because I was in and out all day ... SmartTAC has enabled me to know where all my staff are at all times and to catch the few that took advantage of my generous personality . I believe that , after the expresso machine , SmartTAC was one of the best investments that I have made in the office !
 Loved it from the minute I got it ... easy to isntall and to use ... only negative point is the number of cards in the pack - you can get extra ones from the company but took me a while to find them . All in all it is brilliant and I am recommending it to my friends !
 I really like this brand because it has more sheets for the price than others I 've compared . It 's serves our pupose perfectly and the quality is great !
 This items is as it is described and it works really well for my needs . It does not get caught up in the printer and works well being carbonless .
 This phone is cute and worth the money . Winnie the Pooh is riding a horse and Piglet is hanging on . It talks when the phone is ringing . And everyone that sees it wants to know where I got it . There is also a button that you can push to get Pooh and friends to talk . If you like Pooh , your going to love this phone .
 phone and animation works fine . it 's cute and a must for anybody who collects disney . the kids will love it to .
 Work great for our business . Very helpful organizer . The six section helps us too keep thing in order , for fast info look up .
 CPME is the national Medical Residency review committee for Podiatry foot and ankle surgery . Though not all of the needed documentation fits inside the 6 section folder , most of it does . Each Resident has a folder put together and 2 sections each represent one year of residency documentation . By the time the Resident finishes , the folder represents their entire package of documentation to apply for Board Qualification ; less case x-rays and similar supporting materials.The 6 section folder provides a convenient organized durable structure , to logically hold on-going updates , and what will become long-term archived documentation for phycisian education .
 I received them on time and shipping fast . I once purchsed the item several times from Amazon . But I find that there is a little small damage on folders this time .
 Every week I stuff this trash can full of recycling , then drag it out to the street for collection . When I come home , the trash can is always on its side flung halfway down the sidewalk , and sometimes this is in the extreme weather conditions of the northeast . It does not yet have a dent or crack in it , which shows that it is a well-made product . It 's a weird size , but if you have a closet that is not very deep , this is perfect for it .
 Very happy it 's a nice can . Good place to keep trash . Holds the trash exceptionally well . First rate trash containment .
 I ordered these for our office lunch room . Excellent choice . sturdy and fit in a small spot . Packaging was a little bulky .
 I was using a 30 gal , round trash can and replaced it with this tall , thin can . I feel like my kitchen doubled in size , I dont have to keep maneuvering around that big can . I also like the height of the Slim Jim , it makes for less bending over when peeling . To keep the garbage bags from falling in , we fasten a large binder clips on each end .
 I ordered three of these cans for the office and they are perfect . We use them in our kitchen areas and these cans -- along with the slim jim swing lid -- are great . We typically use Glad 30-gallon trash bags in the cans . They are nice because the footprint is n't wide in two directions , so it fits nicely against a wall or the end of a counter without being in the way .
 This is large but hugs the wall and has a low profile rather than uglifying the hall of my apartment . It therefore makes a good recycling can for my apartment , but it 's heavy for me so I need younger family members to carry the contents weekly to the recycling can on the street .
 This container fits in perfectly and is easy to use and clean . I would recommend it for any kitchen or shop environment .
 I bought this trash can after seeing one in a condo I rented over the Summer . It is large enough to hold a 33 gallon or larger bag and utilize all the bags space . It 's design makes it space saving , and it does n't look like the main attraction in our small kitchen . I purchasesd the lid as well and it was a wise decision as it conseals the garbage and controls odors . Get both if you can . They should come together but they do n't which would be my only complaint . The product is sturdy and well made . I recommend it .
 Why is it so hard to find something bigger than a 13 gallon trashcan amazes me . But ordered this through Amazon and it is big enough to hold a single weeks worth of garbage without taking the trashbag out before the end of the week with previous cans . But will have to say I 'm a single person . Only drawback was had to order the lid separately .
 LOVE IT ! It fits beautifully in a small area , but holds a lot . Be careful though - the picture currently showing is beige , but it is definately yellow ... a mustard yellow . I found 30 gallon bags to be a tad too small . But 33 fit perfect .
 The container is great for accommodating waste from conference room meetings or other large gatherings . It is of good quality and well made .
 Still a little too small to fit the lid that goes with this , but it will work . Very tall and holds a lot .
 Got this for the men 's room . My boss said the guys were having trouble hitting the small trash can . No problem with this VERY TALL trash can . Our cleaning crew empties it daily and replaces the bag as needed .
 I needed a larger trash can for our non-food items . This trash can is wonderful and the 33 gallon trash bags are perfect for the can . I would recommend this item .
 Sturdy product . Fits perfectly in the spot I have and the lid is a nice touch . I had one similar to this one and the trash company decided it was part of my trash on trash day and disposed of it . Or someone stole it . Either way I was surprised to find another so similar to the old one and the right size . Great price for the quality .
 We finally decided to retire our sad , 13-gallon kitchen trash can after our dog got into it and ate something that disagreed with her -LRB- and our carpet -- 5 times ! -RRB- . This can is perfect for our needs . It fits in the same spot as the old one , but holds so much more ! The can is about a foot taller than our old one , which is great for keeping the creature out of the trash . 33-gallon trash bags fit well and the blue color is a nice addition to our kitchen 's color scheme . Overall , this is a great kitchen trashcan for a great price . I highly recommend .
 Appears to meet specifications . Seems to be rugged . Color -LRB- yellow -RRB- will make it easy to distinguish as &#34; recycle &#34; as opposed to &#34; trash . &#34;
 Have had mine for about 3 years . -LRB- ... -RRB- It also came with s starter toner cartridge . Copies as soon as you turn it on , no warm up necessary . Copies come out very well.If you can do with out a feeder , auto staples etc. , this is a great copier for the home office .
 These strips offer an attractive , basic , and low-profile method of displaying work in a screwpost portfolio . They attach to one side of the work and function as an extension to your piece of paper , and are flexible enough that the pages lay flat beautifully . Others have speculated that the lack of a hinge would prevent a flat page -- indeed I worried so when I bought them -- but this is not the case.A few issues -LRB- not necessarily complaints -RRB- : The material is very glossy , which could be distracting in some portfolios as the adehisve part will overlap your work by a centimeter or two , but I prefer this because they are so clear -- a matte-finish would be too cloudy and any tiny bubbles in the adhesive would show up.The strip is just about a millimeter shorter than my 11 '' paper . I do n't consider this a bad thing , as a strip exactly 11 '' might leave some undesirable overhang if you 're not exactly precise . The difference is hardly noticeable in the finished book when the pages are collected in your screwposts.They are very sticky -- you wo n't be able to peel them off if you make a mistake -LRB- at least I was not able to with my matte paper -RRB- . Again , not necessarily a bad thing.My only real complaint is the quantity included -- 10 is very few , and makes them about $ 1 each . Rather expensive for what 's simply a thin strip of clear adhesive plastic . But , a portfolio is an investment and overall I could n't be happier -- they are simple and get the job done .
 These strips worked great in adhering my photos to them . They were easy to assemble and looked professional . Great Overall .
 I used this for my profesional portfolio , it is very easy to use but it 's too expensive ... you can think in another economic solution .
 Good product . Makes mounting prints/pages easy.Works best with smooth surface papers/pages . Will not stick long on fiber -LRB- not smooth -RRB- papers .
 I use this chart to take attendance . I also put colored sticks in the lower pockets and teach the students a code so that I can use it for lunch count as well ! Anything to make life easier ...
 The Carson-Dellosa Attendance/multipurpose pocket chart is very high quality material . Very heavy duty and seems like it will hold up very well . I 'm using mine as a job chart so my kids pull cards in and out of it multiple times a day . Great product and worth the money .
 This is a time saver for classroom attendance . Durable pocket chart and thick name tags will work nicely in my 1st grade class .
 I am a teacher and I ordered this product on one of the last days of August and I received it before the start of school on the 6th of September . It was in the new condition as described by the seller .
 I ordered this kit for paranormal research , more on a whim than anything , just to try it out . It actually turned out to be a pretty amazing little gadget that works really well-much better than anticipated . It will blow out a cigarette lighter from about 4 inches away , it 's so powerful , and you can smell the ozone -LRB- that `` clean '' smell -RRB- that it generates immediately upon plugging it in.It DOES NOT come with a power supply -LRB- which it does n't say in the description -RRB- , but any 12 volt 500ma or so power supply with a 2.1 mm male plug will work just fine.It 's a little tricky to solder the tubes and nails if you are a beginner and do n't have much experience soldering . I would definitely recommend using a small butane torch or something similar , as a soldering iron will never get the copper tubes hot enough . I have a 140 watt soldering gun , and it took forever to heat up the copper tubes . Ended up using a small torch , and it worked like a charm.The tubes are just Nibco 1/2 '' copper pipe couplings , just like you would buy at any hardware store , and the nails are exactly that , just small nails , that will need to be sharpened really well before soldering them onto the board . Once those are assembled , there are only a few basic solder joints to complete-one resistor , one LED , the female power jack and a few wires that need to be soldered in place . Then everything screws in place onto the larger IC board , and the kit is complete.If you are going to handle this kit much , as I do for paranormal investigations , I would DEFINITELY recommend mounting it in a project box or something similar , since it does generate VERY high voltages , and you would n't want to accidentally touch the wires coming out of the high voltage power supply . I bought one from Radio Shack that it fits into perfectly , although I drilled lots of holes in it to allow for the air flow , and cut the one end out of the box and replaced it with rabbit wire to allow the ions sufficient room to flow out of the box . Anyway , it 's much safer in the box , as there 's no chance of touching anything electrical , especially when using it in complete darkness as I do , or around children.All in all this is a pretty good little kit , and assembly is not that difficult ; just be sure to follow the instructions when soldering the tubes and nails into place , and , as i said , use something that will be hot enough to solder copper pipe , and you should n't have any problems .
 This is a nice kit , but for the money they could have made it better by including one 80mm fan.I bought this because my air purifier broke down and I got a replacement off amazon but that also broke down within a few months . So , I decided to give this a try , and so far it is outperforming my XJ-2100UV . To achieve this , I installed a 12V fan right behind the board holding the nails . Right now I 'm considering building a casing for it or installing it inside my PC tower since it is on most of the time and I do n't have to worry about air flow.cleaning is my main concern about this product . My XJ-2100UV had a detachable blade set that you can wash but the pipes on this are fixed !! I have to figure out something here !! and I will let you know.I think that this product is overpriced , but we all know that toys are expensive ... lolBy the way , I 'm considering building a custom one myself . Most likely bigger since this toy fits on my palm . However , I probably need to build a custom HVPSU ... I need to go over the theory first to accommodate the shape an size changes .
 The Ion Generator is easy to build and is great for cleaning the air in your room or filling a room with ions to attract Ghosts if your a Ghost hunter or Paranormal Investigator like I am . A must for your Paranormal collection !
 Besides the picture being the Word Building Puzzles II instead of I , it is a great product . The students enjoy trying to put the pictures together . With the older students I have them write the names of the pictures on a dry erase board after putting the pieces together . Then , I 'll take away the pictures , and try to have the students read the words left on the board without the pictures showing . It is a great builder for emerging readers . I like this product a lot .
 Arrived undamaged . Sturdy , good quality metal rolling tub file . The only assembly was attaching the rollers to the legs . Light taps with a hammer did the trick on those . The lock mechanism seems strong . The lid caught a bit when sliding it back until I laid a bead of light oil on the inside of the guide-tracks .
 Am using this product at the church to organize the otherwise unorganized filing system . Very pleased and enjoy the fact that I can lock it .
 I had files piled up all around my office and desperately needed a way to organize them . I bought two of these and they 've worked out perfectly . They are shipped completely assembled -- you only need to put in the wheels . They 're sturdy and hold a ton of files . Note
 The product arrived in timely manner and was actually 15 sheets . I 'll buy this again .
 This is a simple door stop . Works as expected . I chose `` chrome . '' It is not chrome ... more like a dull silver .
 I use this in my all-in-one printer which has slot on the paper tray for 4x6 photo paper . This makes for a fast and simple print when I just want to kick out a small snapshot and do n't want to bother firing up my large photo printer . Quality can be very good assuming your picture is a good one to start with .
 This photo paper is nice . Not the best , but it 's pretty good . All the photos I printed with this paper turned out really nice . I have no complaints with this paper . It works great and was rather inexpensive when I bought it -LRB- which is great -RRB- .
 I always use this photo paper . I am not a professional photographer , but I do love to make prints for my many photo albums . It 's quick , easy , and I am very satisfied with the quality of the pictures . Just put the stick from the camera into the USB port of the computer , pick the pictures I want , and in no time out they come from my printer , and I have n't even left my chair . Again , the Epson produces very good quality photos . Also was very happy to see that this product is sold on Amazon , my go to place for my shopping needs.Carol EdwardsCentral Oregon
 This is exactly what I needed . The key board is really easy to see and use . The display is better than most I have used in the past . It is also lighter than my Palm . I like it better than the Franklin version which I have looked at before .
 A nice chair , but I wish it would raise a little higher . I 'm a little less than 5 feet , so that may be a personal problem ...
 I originally set up my home office with a leather executive chair . After 3 weeks of being uncomfortable , I decided to exchange it for the Hon Task Chair . I had been using the Hon chair for the past 7 years at our corporate office without any problems , so I decided to get it for my home office as well . It has great lower back and butt support , which allows me to sit up straight . I also got the adjustable t-bar arms that go with it .
 This Fisher Space Pen is styled to look like a space craft , but made of lightweight material so that a magnetic strip easily serves to hold it to a steel surface . It is a combination ink pen , ruler , level , and also has a few angle markings . As most Fisher Space Pens are short and small this cute pen is long and surprisingly easy to wield despite its odd shape . It currently resides on the side of my desktop computer where it should remain easy to find when needed.While it is by no means desirable as your primary writing instrument , it is a multi-use tool with a good pen refill installed making it good to have where you craft and might also need an ink pen . I am glad that I added it to my collection of craft tools .
 It 's a simple , strong stand with clean looks that does n't clutter up my desk . I may need to get a second one when I add another monitor to my workspace .
 Purchased this stand to match my MacPro Monitor . Being a Mac owner , its hard to find the right stand that will match the monitor . The monitor 's great b/c it can tilt , but in order to get the monitor up to eye level , you 're going to need to put it on something . After searching for quite some time , this was the best choice for me , given that I wanted something that match my Mac setup . If you 're a Mac owner , then you 're know what I 'm talking about . Why spend thousands on a computer and then mess up the look of it by using a cheap and unattrative stand . This stand provides a good complimentary look and flat out works . My neck thanks the makers !!
 I was a bit wary of getting this because of the negative reviews . However , I just received it today and it is exactly what I was looking for . The quality is good and it goes very well with my Mac + printer . In fact I did n't get this for my monitor but wanted it to put my printer on so that I could store paper underneath it . The dimensions are perfectly suited and the grey/bright white colour scheme perfectly matches with the printer -LRB- it looks as if it could 've been custom made for it -RRB- . It 's stylish and practical so , all in all , I 'm a very happy customer !
 Very sturdy and clean design . Matches perfectly my iMac and saves me from neck pains .
 This stand is great I use it for my computer screen and am able to keep my xbox 360 under it saves me a lot of room on my desk
 Serves its purpose perfectly , just take it out of the box and set your monitour on it . Very sturdy with great curves .
 D-ring binders are the most practical binders to fit many pages in - whether it 's paper or plastic pages the D-ring binder will store them without bending them . This Avery binder is a view binder with inside pockets as well . This binder is just what you need if you have a lot of pages to store . It 's a bit much if you do n't have a lot of pages to bind . If you need a wide binder the D-ring style is ideal . There are many uses for these binders - as a youth I used this type of binder to store plastic pages of trading cards - as an adult I found these useful to bind pages of research/articles printed from the Internet . My only criticism of Avery regarding these 3-ring binders is their apparent pricing differentials between O-ring and D-ring notebooks . I do n't see why there would be a significant difference in manufacturing cost , yet I usually see noticeable differences in price for binders where the only difference is the ring shape . Do n't let a higher price discourage you from getting the D-ring though - it 's worth it .
 I purchased one of these as a temporary place to store small art prints and drawings and it fits the bill nicely . It 's a bit thicker than I expected , but I appreciate the tilted ring -LRB- I did n't want the pages to get caught in the little spaces in front of and behind the binder rings and get marred -RRB- and the thicker quality.I love that the binder requires no wrangling with the actual metal bits to get it open and closed - there 's a little mechanism on the bottom that you snap open and shut . A nice feature , especially since I have very unhappy memories of being a little kid and either getting my fingers caught in binders or having them snap shut `` out of joint '' and never working properly again.My only bone to pick is that the plastic pocket in the back of the binder was torn on arrival . Since this is just temporary storage and not for presentation or heavy-duty use , that was fine , but if you are looking to get these for important presentations where details matter or for a LOT of use , you might want to keep that in mind .
 It is a sturdy product that I will buy again in the future . I like how it opens and closes and the placement of the ring on the back cover instead of in the middle . thumbs up .
 This binder is very durable . My son uses it daily for all his subjects so it 's in constant use throughout the day . He 's able to put 7 three hole punch plastic binders filled with lots of paper and he rough handles his stuff . So far he 's happy with it and has no complaints .
 I 'm your binder full of women , I 'm your weekly foot in mouth , I can help you get elected , or make your ratings go due south.Keep your women in my bindings , we all know where they belong , bedroom kitchen having babies , equal rights is just so wrong.I 'm your binder full of women , I speak volumes on your thoughts , I keep women in my bindings , because I want to be the boss .
 The Avery Heavy Duty Binder has performed very well with no issues . The rings snap together tightly with no gaps and no mis-alignments . It 's been put through a lot of use and is holding up exceptionally well with no rips or tears . I high recommend this product .
 This binder is used in a small business where it takes lots of abuse . I 'm used to binders splitting and cracking , but this one is holding up well . I like the non stick feature . Many of my other binders have been ruined by ink transferring to the plastic liner.Using a binder of this quality beats having to replace the cheap ones regularly . This is easy to open and an all round good binder .
 For storage of reference materials so that you can easily open them up for review , this binder works perfectly . The binder is well-built with a sturdy feel . It is important to make sure you get the right size of binder -LRB- this is 2 inch -RRB- for the amount of documents you wish to store . Great product !
 These binders hold up rather well after taking months of being crammed in and out of my locker . Though I think we 're many years away before we get the perfect binder that will last forever -LRB- and I doubt their product engineers want to make it -RRB- , this is a large step forward in that direction . Finally a product that does n't fall apart under just normal use .
 When it arrived the women immediately scattered . They ran everywhere , it took me hours to catch them all . They beat me so badly I had to go to the hospital . I suspect women do not like being in binders because they were quite adamant to escape . Some of them can really fight . Instead of opening up a can of worms , I totally opened a binder of women , just like Mittens .
 The one thing I hate is when women stick together - those dang feminists really make it hard for everyone when they refuse to leave work early to cook dinner . This binder is the best ! It keeps women separate but organized , and it truly is heavy-duty enough to prevent them from unionizing and demanding equal pay for equal work . Avery is the top name in binders for women .
 Every time I see a woman who looks independent and free-thinking , I use this wonderful product to chase them down and yell , `` Get back in the binder ! ''
 I too wandered the bars , clubs and endless meeting places to find a woman , to no avail . I tried online dating , dating services , meetups ... they all were a complete disaster . Then something happened this Tuesday that changed my life completely . I discovered that could go to Office Depot , Amazon , etc. and find a binder full of women ! Originally , I was wary of Romney 's business experience in private equity . Not anymore . Surprise ... he 's a brilliant inventor , mind you , the next Steve Jobs . No longer do I have to work hard to find a suitable woman for dating ... it 's in a binder !!! Not only that , these `` binder women '' will cook , clean and do all the yucky things I do n't want to do.Thank you Mitt Romney . Genius and soon to be King !
 I never thought I 'd EVER find a binder to fit my professional little woman self , but I 'm happy to report the luxurious confines of this spectacular and roomy binder permit me and my never too dynamic femme peeps to hang in style under proper tabs while discarding useless dreams , synchronizing `` times of the month '' and/or banging out those babies , while STILL having sufficient room to cook up a hot dinner for The Man!THANK YOU AVERY !! -LRB- and MITT !! -RRB-
 These binders are great but mine arrived without one single woman in it ! I wonder if those women in Mitt 's binders are the ones who held jobs Mitt/Bain sent overseas , Mitt 's banking buddies foreclosed on their homes and his Wall Street buddies took their pensions and other savings so they have no place to live other than a binder ? A binder , no less , that they can not even afford for themselves but have to live in one owned by a top 1 % male ? The binders are just full of those women that are not good at fiscal/financial responsibility and have to have housing provided for them because they can not protect their assets and themselves from being taken and controlled by the top 1 % . They were tricked into having their attention focused on protecting $ 10 from going to vets for food and grandma for medicine while their homes and savings were being stolen . The difference between classes just keeps getting wider . Romney hopes someday to have 99 % of all people in his binders .
 Got ta love a binder . We women fit into them soooo easily . Easy to compartmentalize , easy to KEEP IN ORDER . I ordered one in white but got ta have a little black binder for that special occasion . Like when I visit the voting booth next November to make my little womanly statement .
 A good heavy duty binder - seems a bit pricy.Hey , it 's 3 ring binder . What 's to say ? Well , I 'll say the `` EZD '' lever that opens and closes the rings is a clever idea that works very well . It requires very little effort to open or close . Note that the rings are stuck together with a firm grip - it 's surprisingly hard to open them without using the lever.The rings fit together accurately so there 's no problem with sleeves hanging up on them.There are 4 internal slip pockets in in the inside cover -LRB- 2 on the front , 2 on the back -RRB- . Binders like this typically have just 2 . It 's little larger than usual - they say that 's so page dividers wo n't stick out . Fine , but be aware that it 'll take up a touch more space than similar binders.Can ' t comment on the durability of the plastic skin -LRB- and the seams -RRB- . Looks solid enough but I do n't know if the seams will split open after heavy use . Meh.The suggested retail price of $ 17 is ... Seventeen bucks for a 3 ring binder ? Geeze , I feel old . That 's the only thing holding it back from 5 stars . The current price as I write this review is $ 11.33 - still highish but not crazy.I 'd feel comfortable ordering this if I needed heavy duty binders . Should be fine for presentations and any application where you need to change the sleeves or pages frequently -LRB- since the rings are so easy to open and close -RRB- .
 I 've been purchasing Avery binders for many years . I use them as scrapbooks.If I put in pictures , it 's one a single page in an economy sheet protector , but if it 's articles I put them in a multi sheet protector.The problems I 've always had with binders is they are harder to open , and once the rings are closed there is always a small gap in the ring , which makes it harder to turn the pages , especially if the binder is really full . They kind of get stuck on the ring , and you have to turn each page individually over the ring , which is time consuming.This Avery binder has a much easier opener to open and close the rings . The shape of the rings is different , which makes it easier to turn the pages . This is also a heavy duty binder , which in my opinion all binders should be . I doubt a binder is only opened and closed once . It 's opened and closed as things are added to it.The description of this binder says it holds 50 % more paper than a round ring , which is good for me since I really load up my binders . I 'd rather not have to use as many binders.The gap free is guaranteed . No print transfer , non stick material which is good if you are using archival items . The cover is PVC Free , which is good for you and the environment . Even the chipboard is made out of 100 % recycled content , 80 % post consumer waste.The only thing I do n't really like about this binder is that it has 4 pockets which might work for some people 's needs , but not mine . Most of my binders only have 2 pockets which I do n't always use , but maybe if you are using this in a work environment you might have a need for more pockets.I like that Avery is always trying to improve on their products . The improvements on this Avery binder were much needed , and for me very much appreciated.Avery definitely addressed the problem issues I had , especially with the rings.If you are looking for a heavy duty binder that has the features you will need and appreciate , than this Avery binder is definitely for you . I will be looking for more of these as I need them .
 Bought this to use card keepers for my Yu-Gi-Oh cards -LRB- the ones I do n't want the rest of my family pilfering -RRB- . It 's a sturdy , well-made binder and there 's really not much else to say about it .
 Huge and stately , this binder gets the job done . I like the new clip design . Expensive though and too big for some applications . For reference made in Mexico .
 This is a high-quality , well designed binder . The D-Rings allow it to fit many pages without creasing them , and it is truly easy to open and close . A unique feature -LRB- at least I 've never seen it in a binder before -RRB- is that both the front and back inside covers have two pockets , for a total of four additional pockets , to allow you to easily sort and organize documents that you need to keep easily accessible . The front cover also allows for customization -LRB- by inserting a cover sheet -RRB- . The spine does too but I have not yet tried to insert a spine card.One of the biggest concerns for me with any binder , is to keep the rings lined up properly when closed . Generally , they become unaligned after being dropped . That is one test I did not want to perform on a brand new binder , so I can not speak to how well they hold up to being treated roughly . However I will edit this review if/when it has been dropped to address this .
 This binder is extremely durable while stile being quite lightweight . Quite resistant to wear/tear and smudging.No complaints here !
 This is a strong binder . Just what I needed to replace an old one . It 's got a thick spine , with the rings on the back so that the pages lay flat . And it has a great plastic lever that opens the rings -- so no more pulling hard at the rings or the old metal levers . It has pockets inside the covers and see-through plastic on the front , back , and spine . Like I said , the perfect binder .
 This is the Ferrari of binders . It is made to last in every way . The D-rings are simple to operate and do not `` slam '' shut like cheaper binders . This class of binders is used to store and archive important paperwork . Yes the price is high for a binder , but remember this is for specialty use .
 I really like this heavy-duty binder with the D-rings . I especially like the double slots in the front to slid in miscellaneous papers .
 Here are the common problems with binder : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The plastic would often tear at the rings and the pockets . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The rings often would n't close completely so when turningpages the pages would get stuck or come out . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Ink transfer when document are placed in the binder for long time . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Ring is hard to open . Some cheap ones may even pinch your fingers.This Avery binder definitely addresses some of the problems : -LRB- a -RRB- It 's very easy to open and close the ring , just one finger will do.My 9-year-old kid is using this binder to keep her school stuff . -LRB- b -RRB- The ring are precise , with no overlap gap to interfere with turningpages.It will take some time to tell if this Avery binder has ink transferproblem or not . Also , time will tell if the plastic will tear easily or not.The extra benefits of this Avery binder are -LRB- 1 -RRB- D-shaped rings to hold morepaper , -LRB- 2 -RRB- 4 pockets -LRB- instead of 2 pockets in most binders -RRB- . Well , the benefits justify the premium price . For material that need to beconstant referenced to , I would definitely use this Avery binder to ease mylife . For materials that do n't get touched much , I can live with otherbinders that are much cheaper .
 What can you say about a three-ring binder ? Well , this one is pretty handy and easy to use . The `` EZD '' rings , which are D-shaped , make it much easier to file a large number of pages and have them lie completely flat . I think I could get close to a ream of paper in this binder , and not one page would curl under or pull out like they do in O-shaped binders . The opening mechanism is smooth and easy , and the two inside pockets and outside clear pocket make it a handy product as well . I recommend it for school or business , and as a writer , I will find it useful to file hard copies of my `` collected works '' .
 This is a great high quality binder that is easy to open thanks to the One-Touch ring opening mechanism -LRB- has a button on one end to pop the rings -RRB- . The the pages stack well due to the D-shaped ring - unlike oval rings where the page edges do n't line up . Papers turn smoothly without getting caught on the rings - a sign of a well-crafted binder . The inside of both the front and back cover each have 2 pockets for storing loose papers . And the front , back and side all allow for papers to be slid on the outside of the binder to create a cover and spine label . Everything is here , nothing is missing . Well done Avery!My wife 's been in school for the last 15 years - pursuing multiple degrees and supplemental education . August is her favorite time of year - not for the weather , but for the `` back to school '' sales . She 's gotten very picky with her school supplies and buys what she knows will last for years and without adding stress to her life . We 've both come to love Avery brand products . The quality is always the best and the designs are a step ahead of the competition.We 've also triedAvery Durable Vinyl View Binder , 11 x 8.5 Inch , 2 Inch Capacity , White -LRB- 17032 -RRB- . Do n't get the # 17032 model . The quality is n't as good . Buy this model . It 's the best we 've found so far .
 I used this to organize my recipes . The binder is good -- strong but not impossible to open or too much of a SNAP to close . The body of the binder is strong and sturdy . Good design , my recipes are happy in their new home .
 Have started using this folder for my rifle bench shooting records and tons of loading data papers which with page covers has worked out very nicely and with the twin pockets it has lots of storage along with it 's heavy duty construction . For plastic it so far is very durable . I would buy this product again if necessary .
 Ca n't expect an elaborate review for ... a folder/binder , but this thing 's one of the best I 've owned . It has all the nooks n crannies you could ask for and it 's made from recycled materials so win-win in my opinion !
 Binder choice can make a surprisingly big difference . I think most of us have struggled with binders that do n't hold enough , are difficult to open or close , bend pages , or fall apart . While these seem like simple issues to address , it is quite a joy to have a binder that does . This binder has one button to easily open the ring , though you need to push on the rings to close them as usual . The button works perfectly and feels sturdy . The ring itself is D-shaped to prevent paper bending . The cover is PVC free -LRB- good for photos -RRB- and there are also four pockets on the inside . I really have no issues with the binder , other than how bad it makes my other binders look . Two `` box tops for education '' are included .
 In ancient times , some Asian countries would bind women 's feet . Obviously , we 've progressed in modern times ... why stick to just feet when you can bind a whole entire woman in a binder ?! Heck , why not bind a whole bunch of women in a single binder ?!! I am a woman and I was recently placed inside of this Avery Nonstick Heavy Duty 2 '' Binder . I found it to be roomy enough to knit while I was waiting to be reviewed by capitalistic geniuses . At the same time , I DID find that I occasionally stuck to the insert that was next to me - when I would get stuck to it I sang `` Nobody Knows the Trouble I 've Seen '' and waited to be released by my binder holder . Once , one of the metal rings caught my toe as the binder was closed -LRB- I guess more women were being added -RRB- . I had to knit stitches for my toe ! Sometimes it can get crowded in here when it 's `` that time of the month '' . You know , women who are bound together tend to get their cycles in `` sync '' . Nothing like around the 15th of every month when a lot of whining , crying and anger starts to erupt - especially in the `` S '' section of this particular binder . I 'm hoping someday to move binders though ... the solid black decor of this one is starting to bore me ...
 I looked high and low for this black version . I had ordered the white binder full of black women . Long story short , they sent me an empty white binder and accused me of stealing their white women . They said the binder was n't empty . Paid for that for a long time . Glad to have found this black binder . All I can say is I aint never going back . These women are awesome . You ca n't stack as many of them in here as you can the white one , you know . But you do n't need as many of them either .
 Bought my first binder centuries ago when I still lived on Kolob 3 . Every year I buy a new binder to accommodate an increased number of spouses . Weirdly , nearly half of the women I approach think the whole idea is creepy . I think this means I need to keep wearing magic underwear .
 As a lazy , entitled member of the 47 % , I am loathe to work at a real job . Imagine how happy I was the day the light bulb lit up over my head and I got the idea to rent out space in my Avery Binders like so many tiny studio apartments ! First , I had to evict all those highly qualified women . They complained about it , but they soon realized they had to move on . Now I , like most of the other members of the 47 % , can lie lazily abed all day and simply collect rent and entitlements while never missing an episode of Jerry Springer.Avery Binders are wonderful and life is good !
 This is a pretty good binder . It really is easy open with one touch on the bottom , and it seems heavy duty as advertised although it 's hard to know how long it will last without the benefit of a LOT of time . The front and spine all allow for a slip-in presentation sheet ; the back does not . The back , in fact has a problem with that plastic covering
 I ordered this last week , thing must have weighed 300 lbs , then I found out it had two women in it . Once I told them this was the 21st century not the 14th they left and now it can fit papers or other office supplies with ease .
 To start , I must say this has been the only binder I have purchased since discovering it -LRB- over a year -RRB- . PRO
 I have to use a lot of binders at work . In the past I had purchased some that were cheaper but those do n't tend to last as long with frequent use . The plastic would often tear at the rings and the pockets . The rings often would n't close completely so when turning pages the pages would get stuck or come out . So I switched to this binder that I had bought elsewhere . When I saw it was available through Vine I jumped at the chance to get another so I can replace another of the cheaper ones I have . This binder is a good strength . Not flimsy as the others I had bought in the past . I have several of these I had previously bought and so far have n't had any of the problems I 've had with the cheaper binders . You get what you pay for and this provides quality at a reasonable price . If you do n't want to replace binders in a few years , get this one .
 If there is anything worse than binders full of stuff that you can no longer use , it a binder that was once full of stuff that you can never reuse again because the inside vinyl binder and the toner from old documents has fused together . Yuck.Avery binder come in many levels , but this is a heavy duty 2 '' offset binder - so it works very well when full of `` stuff '' . The three mechanism is very good quality and it opens/closes easily when FULL of paper . Once full , I left in the closed car trunk , on a hot humid day . Brought it inside and nothing was sticking - the clear vinyl outer cover , while softer from the heat , did not pucker or droop.It may cost a bit more than the economy binder , but if it lasts longer , then its worth the extra money , right ?
 Super heavy duty , nice ... 4 pockets and clear covers to display your `` works of art '' . Super One Touch EZD tab to open binder rings ... powerful ! Holds twice as much paper than regular round ringed binder .
 These are probably my favorite binders . Avery has always proven to have quality binders , and we use a lot of them at our home . I like many of the features about it . * Heavy Duty - for a 2 '' notebook , I really like the heavy duty binders . They need to hold up to use . * Clear View for adding your own cover , * D ring for holding more paper , we tend to fill notebooks up here :--RRB- * the wide width , so dividers do n't stick out and get all messed up , * non-stick plastic , so your ink does n't glue your pages to the notebook , * the 4 inner pockets are handy , * the hole and peg fastener of the ring - is probably my fave feature , regular binders -LRB- with the jagged edge rings -RRB- do n't hold up well under use . * And extra nice is the 1 touch open - truly helpful .
 This binder has an easy-open button -LRB- actually a lot easier to use than other binders I 've tried -RRB- , and D-shaped rings mounted on one side of the binder , not on the spine . This allows the binder to hold more pages and the pages to flip more easily than in O-ring binders.The binder also has two pockets inside the front and back covers.I am using my this binder to hold plastic slip-cover sheets for photographs , and it 's doing a fantastic job ... really!I have n't found one thing wrong with this binder , and it gets 5 solid stars from me.Again , a very good binder if you have a heavy-duty job that needs to be done .
 This is a great binder ; upgraded in both quality and function . It fills all my requirements and holds up exceptionally well . I use binders to organize everything ... I could write a book on `` 101 Uses for a Binder in the Home and Office . '' One of these is to store rubber stamps by theme and 8.5 X 11 scrapbook stock by color . The binders have to be clean , light , and durable to protect the contents and hold up to constant use . I had a specific use in mind for this one - holding full page acrylic stamps sets that do n't fit into my usual CD sized cases . It goes with me when I travel to workshops , etc. . The covers are sized so I can use tab sets without having them stick out and get dog eared . I made a nice insert set for the covers that matches my other organizers and the improved plastic sleeves mean my laser printed text does n't bleed or stick to them . The rings are a happy upgrade too . I open and close them , move heavy bulky `` pages '' back and forth across them and pull pages in and out multiple times in a single session . I recommend Avery products and prefer to buy them over less expensive items because they do n't disappoint me in the long haul . While I have n't used this one very long yet , I have put it through the paces and so far it 's a winner . I plan to purchase several more to replace some of the lesser quality binders in my library .
 Avery has a nice binder on their hands with this Heavy Duty One Touch EZD.Size - I love the size of this binder ! It 's extra wide and extra long . Dividers -LRB- not included -RRB- should fit fine within the binder and not stick out like they would a normal sized one . The flyer that came with this binder says it should hold 50 % more paper than your regular size binder and I believe it.Durability - This binder looks pretty stable to me ! It looks like a binder that should be useful for years , not just a semester . The inside rings are easy to open ! Never will you fear pinching your fingers on hard to open/close rings again . With this Avery binder , you have a black button that will open and close your rings for you . I LOVE this feature.Pockets - The front , back , and side have a clear cover for you to put in whatever you want -- the class syllabus , a spine title , etc. . Inside you 'll also find four -LRB- yes four ! -RRB- pockets for paperwork and notes . Those are arranged two on each side.If you need a heavy duty binder that will hold lots of paperwork , then I would look into this Avery Heavy Duty binder .
 Pretty solidly made - heavy duty . Great quality . Two inside pockets , one on top of the other -LRB- for a total of 4 -RRB- on each side of the cover . Good details . No included plastic dividers.The tips of the metal rings were constructed very precise - I mean , almost no gaps in between . I do n't find the pages get caught too often in between when I am turning the pages . This is one of the most annoying problem with other binders.I think the rubberized tab for opening the binder makes a lot of difference . Usually they are made of plain cold metal steel . The rubber tip feels good on your finger tips and quite easy to operate . You can actually open and close it using one hand . Some low-quality binders have sharp edges that can cut your hands if you are not careful . This binder do not have any sharp edges.PVC-free . PVC is now not allowed for making toys . They are known to cause asthma and contains some carcinogen . In schools , PVCs are sometimes used for floorings , roofs and ... binders . Good to know that manufacturers are also taking this into consideration .2 '' , 540 sheets . Made in Mexico .
 When Amazon offered me one of these to review for the Vine Program I jumped on it for pragmatic reasons
 This heavy duty binder works well . Useful features include
 I 've got 5 kids and every year these white vinyl binders are on our school supply lists . I used to buy the `` economy '' versions but then realized I was n't really saving money because they just wear out and have to be replaced quicker . These Avery Durable binders are indeed more durable and last longer , saving stress and money in the long run .
 What 's not to like ? I like the inside pockets
 Cons
 For many years , I 've been storing bank statements in a standard 2 inch white binder with round rings . The cover material is not PVC free and ink from the bank statements has adhered to both undersides of the front and back covers . Furthermore , the binder has become stuffed to overflowing . I ca n't comfortably squeeze any more bank statements inside . Thankfully , the Amazon Vine Program offered me the Avery Nonstick Heavy-Duty EZD Reference View 2 Inch White Binder.I also own an Avery View SlantRing 11/2 inch White Binder in which I store computer related documents . I can safely vouch that Avery makes very durable binders that last a long time . I posted a digital photograph depicting three binders together ; it mainly depicts the differences in their rings . The Avery binder in the left of the photograph has the 2 inch EZD rings , the standard binder in the middle has the 2 inch round rings and the Avery binder in the right has the 11/2 inch slant rings.The Avery Nonstick Heavy-Duty EZD Reference View 2 Inch White Binder would make a great album dedicated to the memory of a departed loved one . The cover material is PVC Free . One can put a photograph of a loved one inside and not worry that it will be ruined . Also , I like that the ink from the pages wo n't adhere to the undersides of the front and back covers . At work , I am constantly having to tear pages off the covers where the ink from my directives has stuck to them . You definitely do n't want this to happen to important letters , post cards and other souvenirs and mementos from departed loved ones . You want to preserve your memories intact for as long as possible.The ONE TOUCH EZD Rings make it easier for the elderly and infirm to open the binder . The four pockets -LRB- two in the front and two in the back inside covers -RRB- in lieu of the normal two pockets makes it easier to store booklets , pamphlets , notes , etc. . I have posted a digital photograph of the notebook with four of my computer booklets inside the pockets . The binder covers are extra wide so that dividers do n't stick out . I have downloaded and posted the product description that was inserted into the front cover . It provides a listing of all its attributes compared to the other type binders.I transferred all the bank statements from my standard 2 inch binder into the Avery Nonstick Heavy-Duty EZD Reference View 2 Inch White Binder . I must honestly say that there is n't much room for many more statements . I will have to either reuse my beat up standard 2 inch binder or remove the bank statements from the new Avery binder and put them back into the old standard one and use the new Avery one for future storage . I hate to use the expensive new Avery binder for storing bank statements , receipts , classroom notes , etc. , that should be eventually destroyed . The Avery Nonstick Heavy-Duty EZD Reference View 2 Inch White Binder is more appropriate for serving as a scrapbook for safely storing the cherished memories of a loved one whether they are alive or departed.Joseph B. Hoyos
 I keep most of my piano pieces in one of these binders , organized in clear plastic sheets . The d-ring is very nice for flipping pages , and the locking rings do not catch on the plastic sheets . This is great !
 Clicks open with the push of a tab . Roomy 2 '' binder rings hold volumes of paper -LRB- 150 pages and more -RRB- . There are double plastic pockets on the front and back cover for additional papers . Well made item .
 I got this to help me organize an inventory of my craft Room . I am Very pleased with the service I have gotten . Thank You Very Much
 I think this is the best binder I 've ever owned . Well made and the rings snap together perfectly . The lever to open rings is a super feature making even my arthritic hands able to work with this easily .
 Main complaint
 I tend to deal with a fair amount of women in both my personal and professional life and I struggle with keeping them secured within the standard 1 '' binders . I bought this on a whim in the hopes that I could possibly go from roughly 15 women per 1 '' binder to possibly 20 . These binders are indeed heavy-duty , and with the 2-inch binder I can easily fit 35 women for each binder . The clear pocket allows me to make cover pages and easily organize by hair color , body type , culinary skills , and general moodiness . I did not give this 5 stars because I did notice that the inner pocket tends to stretch after a fair amount of use , particularly with the larger framed female group . Overall , I would recommend this for anyone seeking a more durable and permanent solution for the organization , selection , and storage of women into binders .
 I bought this to help me organize my inventory of women . I had been using the Avery 1 '' binders and found them too small to accommodate the fairly large number of women I maintain.PROS : - Tough ! Some of my women are really feisty . This binder has survived some of the most ornery gals . The rings inside are as good as new ! - Lots of space . Some of my women need to be kept separated , especially when it 's their `` time of month . '' I can tuck ` em away with dividers and , even if it 's a bit overfull , it can still handle the extra stress.-Organization is great . There are 4 separate pockets to store my loose women.CONS : - My main issue is that the pockets are so wide that my women will occasionally slide to one side during a rough ride , but it 's purely an aesthetic annoyance .
 This binder is used in a small business where it takes lots of abuse . The women employed by our small hedge fund are quite unruly , and I 'm used to our binders splitting and cracking , but this one is holding all of these women quite well . I like the non-stick feature , as it keeps the women from grouping together , and allows me to single them out for individual handling . Many of my other binders have been ruined by makeup transferring to the plastic liner , but this binder has been proven effective against the majority of feminine products on the market.Using a binder of this quality beats having to replace the cheap ones regularly , which allows me to send the binder buying women home in time to make dinner for their husbands . This is easy to open and an all-around good binder full of women .
 I love , love LOVE this thing ! But it 's more than just for women!In my yellow one , I keep my binder full of under-age chinese sweatshop workers . As more and more of my corporate interests move over there , you have NO idea how handy it makes it for me to get a competitive edge by having this binder at my fingertips.In my brown one I am able to keep my binder full of illegal immigrants so that when one of my properties needs yard work done - boom ! There 's my answer.As Captains of Industry , we can never have too many binders . Now if only they 'd bring back slavery , I 'd have a use for my black one .
 I prefer this one over the white one . If you 're trying to maintain the ruse of supporting diversity , nothing says `` I like diversity '' like the color black . Also , it only costs 72 % of the binder that 's suited for men . Who does n't love a great deal?Another reviewer has suggested that this binder will work as a contraceptive if it is sat on properly . Can anyone else confirm this?Thank you Amazon and Mitt Romney . All of my problems may have been solved with this extraordinary little binder ...
 Finally ! A binder just right for us Big Boned Gals ! Other binders I 've been put in are always too snug . So confining ! They just rub me the wrong way . Now , we Big and Beautiful Babes have a binder with room to grow . And the Non-Stick surface prevents painful blistering of my delicate lady-parts . Not to mention basic Black is very slimming . Pairs nicely withID Glide Sensual Lubricant - 9.5 ozandAUDREY Black Glitz Rectangle Sequin-Embellished PU Patent Leather HandBag Purse Evening Satchel Bag . I have never been more empowered !!!!
 But for me , it was a dream come true.You know how it is , you 're running a major eastern U.S. state and the ladies all start yammering about getting some qualified women for jobs in your cabinet and you ca n't think of ONE ? Heck , you never even knew that there was such a thing!So you commission someone to bring you the resumes of these so-called qualified women . But what are you going to do with them all?Well , here is your answer . Just stuff those resumes into one of these binders and then proceed to hire men for all the major cabinet positions and let these ladies fill in the gaps and get you home in time to see what the other woman in your life has made for dinner.It 's great being a job creator !
 By almost perfect I mean that I agree with other reviewers that say you need a pretty stiff piece of paper/cardstock to get the spine label in correctly . Otherwise you may consider a clear label run through a labeler to stick on the external surface of the spine . Defeats the purpose of having a pocket in the spine , if you ask me.I love D-ring binders because of how they `` handle '' the loose pages . It is easier to insert more pages at one time , and the binder holds more total pages -LSB- supposedly 540 pages in this 2 '' binder -RSB- than an `` O '' ring binder.This binder is especially nice . The mechanism to open and close the binder rings has been improved . It is MUCH more easy to open and close , even with only one finger.It 's very much appreciated , also , that the binder is made so that the toner will NOT transfer from the pages to the plastic of the binder . This includes the front clear window , and the inside pockets . There is nothing worse than toner transfer , and this binder has addressed that issue.Other reviewers have noted the extra internal pockets , and this is very helpful . The pockets are on the front and back of the binder so you have places to separate and store needed items that may not fit into the rings.At OVER $ 10 + dollars , this binder is meant for a LOT of pages . This is NOT meant for just a few loose papers floating around on your desk . If I were still in school , I would most likely take notes on loose-leaf paper , then bring them home and deposit them into this binder and leave it at home . I can guarantee it will take up a LOT of space in a backpack or locker .
 This binder is one of those binder you want to get to store papers for a long time -LRB- i.e. , tax receipts , bank papers -RRB- . While I have not had it very long , I can tell it is one that would hold up well to repeated usuage . I used mine to hold bank statements from three separate acccounts -LRB- I had to supplu my own dividers -RRB- and was able to store two years worth of all three with ample room for growth . The pockets in the front and back are also handy . I use mine to store this month 's statements before I reconcile my accounts . I would buy more of these binders .
 I use this binder along with plastic sheet protectors to keep my printed pictures , and have made a great photo album with it.It withstands heavy use , I have placed more than 200 sheet protectors with pictures in it and so far it 's great
 I found this binder to be one of the best that I 've ever used . It is very handy in my job as keeping my notes organized . If you need a heavy duty binder I would suggest that you spend a little more and get this one . But this is not my main reason why I like the binder , because you will soon understand why I love it as you are about to find out.After my middle school age daughter saw it she asked for one . After ordering her this Avery binder she is more organized because she uses it for a complete or `` all in one '' binder for her 5 subject classes at school . She no longer needs to keep 5 smaller binders as she has placed tabs for each individual class in her one Avery binder for easily finding what she needs.I love this single Avery binder as I no longer must drive back to her school because she has forgotten a specific homework assignment that was left in her locker -LRB- parents of pre-teen or teens know what I mean -RRB- ... She now brings home only one `` all in one binder '' AKA ... Avery Nonstick Heavy-Duty EZD Reference View 2 Inch White Binder . Her school does not allow bookbags/backpacks as well as all her textbooks are not allowed to be taken home.She now has this binder packed full of her school work , homework , school papers , etc. . The Avery binder now weighs about ten pounds and she has used it for over five months . I am amazed how well it holds up after roughly being carried all day , often dropped on the floor , thrown into the car at pick up time , opening and closing the binder rings constantly , etc and after 5 months it looks and works like new . She as added her own theme by placing her decorative drawings in the clear plastic pockets within the outside cover . I work for a school and often suggest this binder to parents that ask me advice to help with their child and organizational skills .
 I 've been using this folder for few weeks now on a daily basis . Works likes new still . Good quality .
 This is a three-ring binder that is very sturdy and has a great capacity , with what looks like a good 3 inches worth of paper room before things start to get tight . The rings are opened by depressing only one lever at the bottom end of the spine , which is really handy if your left or right hand is holding the paper . There are two slits in the rear and front inside covers that allow you to slide a few sheets into , which is very handy for any notes that may accompany the contents of your folder . The spine , front and back covers also have a clear plastic film over that allows the insertion of cover pages or a spine title . There 's room to slip a large spine or cover page into these locations and there are no irritating brand labels or other markings that might detract from the presentation . The spine rings open and lock back together with a satisfying clonk and they have a very sturdy feel to them , so I expect that they will endure many years of opening and closing before even the slightest sign or wear might occur.I am very impressed with the quality of this folder and I have been using it to store copies of some of my favorite role playing books , so I do n't have to wear out my original versions . The folder is useful to keep all the books in one place and the sturdy construction means that I will not be replacing it for a very long time , perhaps never . I am also looking forward to adding a bit of an artistic flair to the covers and the spine , so it will look very presentable on my bookcase!I particularly like this model because of the single lever to open the spine rings . Now I can just pop open the spine with my left hand and insert the pages with my right hand . Before , I had to drop everything and open the spine with both hands .
 This is a great binder . The construction is very solid . I expect it to hold up well over time . The D-ring design allows you to add more pages in a smaller space . I also appreciate that there binder rings do n't gap , so you do n't have to worry about pages falling out or tearing . I ca n't find anything negative to say about it , other than I don ' care for the color , but that is just preference .
 Avery binders are the best binders ever purchased , they are durable and can withstand some rough use . They hold up well and the ability of the reference view is both on the front and back which is a must for me personally as a Nurse Practitioner student I require good heavy duty binders that can withstand a great amount of use and the reference view allows easy access to the correct binder with ease . Truly 5 stars .
 The Avery Nonstick Heavy-Duty EZD Reference View Binder is EXACTLY what says it is : Heavy Duty.Holds a TON of pages.and most important ... EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEASY to open.I love the tab at the bottom , no longer do I need to use 2 hands , even my pinky finger alone does the job for opening and closing.If you need a big binder that is easy to use , look no further . ***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 This is the first D-ring binder I 've used and I like the difference . It can hold much more paper than a same-sized C-ring binder without wrinkling the pages . The rubber-grip tab that opens the binder rings is much more comfortable than the metal tabs that are often used . One of my favorite features is the no-gap rings , so when you turn the pages of the binder , they do n't snag and tear on the metal.The front and back covers have two tiered pockets , so that there are three divided spaces for organizing material that you store in the pockets -- a neat , unique feature . The front cover can hold a sheet to label the folder , as does the spine -LRB- although , the plastic on the spine is a little tight making insertion of a label a somewhat tedious process -RRB- . The material seems sturdy . A good , solid product .
 I bought one of these beauties for the MEN I like to keep . I also added a pack of 5-section tabs so I could categorize them as well . Men who are good for auto repairs go into one section . I also have a section for the men I use to kill bugs . Jar-openers go into another section . Boy toys fill up a nice big section . That one 's my favorite ! And lastly , I like to track the ones who are simply nice to look at , but would rather they just keep their mouths shut . They 're handsome , but stupid . It 's a big fat section as you can imagine . Thinking about it some more , I should have gotten a 4 '' binder for just those men . Handsome idiots are blossoming by the day !
 This binder is perhaps the best quality binder you 're going to find . The ring mechanism is solid , and will hold up to many openings and closings , which is what really counts for a heavy-use binder . The price of this binder is a little high , but it 's much lower than buying replacements for a failed cheaper binder . -LRB- Not to mention the time you waste fightint with cheaper binders , and picking lost papers off the floor . -RRB- If you 're just looking for a binder to put things in , and then file-away , seldom to ever look at again , much less add and subtract to , there are more value-based solutions . But for its intended purpose , this binder is great .
 Only time can tell if the rings will hold up to their claim of durability . The binder itself seems well made . I like that dividers wo n't stick out but keep this in mind as the binder will be longer on a bookself and not lie smooth with other binders . This feature also makes it a little larger to carry - larger to fit in a backpack etc. . For my use , it will be for storage of documents so this is not an issue . Overall , it is just what I needed .
 I am using this binder to hold all the paperwork associated with the house I just bought -LRB- and anyone who 's ever bought a house knows that there is A LOT of paperwork -RRB- . The one-touch binder ring opening works well , you only have to push one tab at the bottom of the binder to open all three paper rings . The cover is rigid and durable . Not much else to say about this binder , but if you 're looking for a durable binder to hold LOTS of paperwork , look no further !
 The two inch wide Avery Heavy Duty One Touch EZD Reference View Binder is perfect for home or office . As the name implies , with one touch you can open and close the gap-free binder rings with ease ; your 81/2 by 11 '' pages will not be caught and torn . The sturdy cover has a plastic sleeve for inserting a sheet that describes the contents . The shape of the rings enables the user to turn the pages -LRB- which lie flat when the binder is closed -RRB- with a minimun of hassle . This high-capacity binder is wide enough to keep your divider taps from protruding . This is a fine product that should meet the needs of most people who require a large binder for everyday use .
 I am an artist who has to show my works in portfolio form from time to time . So I 've gone through quite a few of these binders over the years . As well , I 've added quite a few pages to my portfolio , so this binder arrived just in time.The one touch EZD ring is really cool , very easy to operate . And inside there are extra pockets ! This is a huge thing for those of use who have contracts or other loose sheets that need to be handed out . There 's even some small pockets in the spine , great for business cards.I know I 'm going to really like the larger size and the ease of use . The pockets were a nice bonus that I did n't realize would be there . Thanks Avery , you have really improved an already useful product !
 Of course this is a great binder for business use , but there are home projects for which this binder is very useful as well . I like to make personalized cookbooks as bridal shower gifts and love the one I have for my own use . The binder I use needs to be sturdy and easy to use and these have served the purpose for me . It helps that this particular binder is a bit wider than the standard ones , so my page protectors and divider tabs do n't stick out and are protected . While the rings of this binder are 2 '' , the spine is 3 '' wide , which is pretty big , but perfect for my own use . Usually however I use a smaller version for gifts . Because the printed document inserted in the transparent cover overlay and spine wo n't stick , the bride can switch to a larger size binder when she needs to.This size binder holds a lot of pages and the back mounted rings with easy finger tab for opening and closing make loading and turning pages easy . My cookbook binder has stood up to a lot of handling and I like that there are two pockets on the inside front and back covers instead of the usual one.To make the cookbooks I have a computer file with a cover page and a set of section divider pages that I can customize for the bride . I print these on pretty stationary and insert them into page protectors with Avery stick on tabs for section names , then decide on recipes that I think the bride would like and print those on normal paper which I then put in more page protectors . I include lots of empty page protectors for her to add more recipes she finds over time so the cookbook becomes very personal . It 's easy to add or remove things , including pages printed from the internet or torn from catalogs , and of course the binder and pages are easy to clean if they get splattered.Another project is a favorite of my grandchildren . I use a smaller version of this binder because I do n't want it too heavy for them to handle . I insert an enlargement of a favorite picture of one of the kids on the cover of each and insert picture collages in page protectors . Since printer paper is way cheaper for the kids to draw on than drawing pads you would buy for them , their pictures and stories fit well in page protectors and can be added to the binders . The children love to look through the albums and there is no worry about the pictures being damaged by sticky fingers . I can change the cover pictures since they do n't stick and while these are not fancy picture albums , they are the most beloved and looked at in my house . Because the thumb tab in this binder is so easy to open and close , the oldest child is now making his own album of favorite art and pictures . These binders are really great .
 This binder is sturdy , and has a large ring that holds a lot without being bulky.No matter how secure the rings are supposed to be in a notebook , after time , they seem to become misaligned . This binder seems quite sturdy , even with a lot of papers in it . It only has a lever on one end , which I think will prevent it from getting out of alignment.The front has a clear pocket , so you can personalize it if you wish.The front and back cover have several pockets .
 This Heavy Duty 3-ring binder by Avery is a great product ! The 2 '' will hold approximately 540 pages , and it is designed with the One Touch EZD ring for a easier time turning pages versus the traditional round ring . It is slightly wider than a traditional 3-ring in order to accomodate dividers . It is see through on the front , binding and back and boasts a non-stick material that prevents print transfter . Other perks include PVC Free construction , made from recycled materials , and includes 2 box tops for education credits . Overall , this is a solid binder at a reasonable price . I use it to keep many of my materials for teaching organized . I would recommend it if you are looking for a solidly constructed binder for daily use .
 As far as basic 3-ring binders go , Avery does a very good job . The binder is sturdily constructed and seems as though it could take a fair amount of abuse . It has all the basic features one would expect , including flat-sided rings that enable it to hold more paper and to handle page turning more effectively than round rings . The ring mechanics work smoothly and do not seem like they would break or misalign -LRB- a common problem with many cheaper binders that have cheap ring units -RRB- . There are 4 pockets rather than the standard 2 , which is nice , since more pockets equals more storage and organization . I also like the fact that this binder is large enough to accommodate dividers , so as that the tabs do not stick out past the cover.All in all , a nice product .
 This does n't need an in-depth review ... it 's a good binder . Strong , sturdy , and of better quality than the ones you can get for $ 1 at back to school sales ... if you need something nicer , this is the way to go .
 Okay , the Heavy Duty Reference Binder has an easy release mechanism for the paper , it allows you to insert a cover of your choice and it holds up nicely when you tilt the binder so that the weight of the paper is against the clasp mechanism . We 've filled it with plastic sleeves which add to the weight -LRB- but keep the papers neater -RRB- . The stacked pockets in the front and back are handy for adding notecards/papers that go with the contents in the binder but keep in mind , they are slender pockets not meant to overstuff with materials . Very happy with this binder and the white gives a nice crisp look to the shelf/desk .
 This binder is being used as a college notebook for an adult . It is extremely durable and is holding up well to daily usage over a 6 week timeframe . The EZD rings make it very easy to flip through pages and so far there is no overlapping of the rings or gaps like some binders get in time . The EZD open/close lever is extremely simple and a welcome replacement for the regular binder mechanisms . Definitely recommend this product to anyone in need of a binder .
 As far as binders go , I always thought it was kind of hard to get worked up about them . Until I tried this binder . It has a nice weight to it , so you know it is n't just going to fall apart at the slightest thing . The outside has a clear protector over it so you can insert papers on the front and back and also the binder edge . There are also multiple pockets in the front and back to hold things . But my absolute favorite part of this folder is the fact that you can open the rings with just one touch . No more prying them open using both hands . Just use one finger and push the button and it easily opens all three rings at once . With the two inch diameter rings , there is plenty of space to organize school papers for all three kids.This is a truly great binder and I would highly recommend it and would definitely buy it again !
 It appears to be made well and should last for quite a while . The rings are super easy to open and they are large enough to carry a great deal of papers/folders . The large capacity would be great for scrapbooking , school , recipes , and so on.This may be a little large for some bookbags though . My son does n't want to use it for school because it is so big and with books it would n't fit into the bookbag . So for the kids maybe a smaller version would be better .
 This binder has to be the easiest binder to open and close that I 've ever tried . It does not have any other features that make it stand out , but that is an important one.Until someone else comes out with a binder that has some heretofore never thought of feature , that makes me wonder why nobody had ever thought of it before ... I 'll be buying these for my binder needs.ps - Despite what some of the other reviewers are saying , this binder has proved to be pretty rugged so far .
 This is a good strong binder . I have carried it around quite a bit over my summer classes as I am studying to become a teacher and it has done really well . I have loved the one hand opening . It also holds lots of stuff . Love it
 I needed a large binder for all of my CNC and computer reference manuals and this fit the bill perfectly!It 's large capacity was able to accommodate everything I needed and then some . I was even able to fill the front and back pockets with some miscellaneous manuals that I was just storing on the floor.The one touch EZD ring is just that , easy.Couldn ' t ask for a better binder at this price . I will definitely be purchasing more in the future.Pros : Large capacity.Front and rear pockets on the inside.The one touch D ring system works perfectly and holds much more then a standard O ring binder.NOTHING sticks to it ! Great for in the workshop.Not made in China.Cons : None .
 My wife is currently in her fourth year of a doctoral program and needless to say she has a lot of documentation to keep track of . There are a lot of binders out there to keep information in but this binder from Avery is especially convenient . Both the front and back panels are equipped with two pockets for holding loose items that are either not hole-punched or that do n't fit in with everything else . Also , the binder part is attached to the back page of the binder rather than to the spine , which keeps pages laying flat when the binder is open . But the best feature is what 's called the `` One Touch EZD '' - a big black rubber-coated tab that makes it extremely easy to open and close the binder from one corner.Anyone who has a lot of information they 're trying to store conveniently - that they also may need to get at and move around at a moment 's notice - this is the binder for you . The `` Gap Free Guaranteed '' ring is also convenient as papers do n't get caught or fall out as papers get moved around.Lastly , although it 's not important to the functionality of the binder at all , it is an environmentally-friendly choice for Avery to make this binder 's chipboard out of 100 % recycled content - although it 's still wrapped in a plastic covering , they deserve some kudos for this choice and hopefully they 'll use recycled plastic as well in the future . Also , the cover material is PVC free .
 I am very happy with the quality of Avery products . This one is no exception . Here are the things I like about this product : It 's heavy duty.It 's wide enough that tabs wo n't stick out so they wo n't get ripped or bent as easily.The ring is not round ; therefore , the pages turn easier and it holds more pages than my other 2 '' binders.There is one sturdy clip to open the rings - very easy to use.The front and back are covers are clear , so you can insert decorative covers.There are four pockets inside - 2 in the front cover and 2 in the back.Bonus
 It is a heavy duty binder which holds lots of paper especially manuals which I like to use with sheet protectors so it is easier to refer at any time . Ring is definitely smooth to operate with one touch and pages does not seem to come out than the usual binders . It has a nice cover on the top and does it seem to rip off so easily . It can be used for home , office or school to hold different types of papers . This is definitely a stronger one compared to my ordinary binders where papers comes out so easily after punching and filing the papers .
 Heavy Duty One Touch EZD 2 '' Binder.I 've always liked Avery brand binders , and the new EZD line addresses the one gripe that I had
 I checked out this binder after I read the reviews of this binder :[ ... -RSB- What caught my attention is that this binder is non-stick . Before I had a problem with my women sticking to my binder , but not anymore . In addition there is better air circulation , a health essential . Just remember to clean the folder regularly with an alcohol-based disinfectant as this is flu season.Still , if sticking is not a problem to you , you may wish to read the reviews of the Durable View Binder with 2 inch EZ Turn Ring , -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Gabrialla Breathable Elastic Abdominal Binder for Women , SmallI was looking for a good binder to put a woman in , and I came up with the Gabrialla elastic abdominal binder , which might work better than one of these for keeping a woman in her place . Costs a bit more than 72 cents on the dollar tho .
 I 've been using this binder for my school supplies for a while now and it is truly excellent.PROS : - Tough as nails ! This thing has dealt with giant , hardcover textbooks being stuffed inside of it , shaky bike rides in a backpack with little space , rain , sun , you name it . The rings inside have n't degraded either , which I 've seen many times in other binders . It 's still as good as it was on day one.-Lots of space . You should have plenty of room for whatever you decide to put in here , and even if it 's a bit overfull , it can still handle the extra stress.-Organization is great . There are 4 separate areas to store loose papers as well as the 3 rings.-Great design means that your stuff will never rip , become disfigured , or fall out.CONS : - ... well , really , the only issue I have is that the pockets are so wide that my papers will occasionally slide to one side during a rough ride , but it 's purely an aesthetic annoyance.Certainly the best binder I 've ever used . Highly recommended !
 It is n't often you find binders with all the features that Avery has included in these . They 're a great size if you have lots of pages for one subject . The binder rings are not rounded , which means that they can offer you more flexibility when moving large numbers of pages at once . Other binders can jam up , but Avery 's design has solved that problem . They have several ancillary pockets in the inside binding for separate pages . Very well designed ! Easy to use . Ease to find the documents you 're looking for . Highly recommended !
 The Avery Nonstick Heavy-Duty EZD ReferenceView 2-inch White Binder is a very good binder . The binder holds 200 sheet proctors with ease . This binder has performed quite well without any issues and/or problems . I have used Avery products for some time and they have always been very dependable . The Avery D-Ring binder is great for hold all types of documents . It als serves quite well as a Photo Album .
 I 've gotten many cheap binders in my time because I just hate spending the money on a GOOD binder . But when you do get a good binder , you realize just how much better it really is ... and wonder why you did n't buy them all along.My husband uses this binder for his work materials -- stuff he 's constantly using and referring to and carrying to/from home -- and this binder definitely holds up to the abuse . The cheap binder this replaced did n't last more than a few weeks !
 Multiple shelves in my office are lined with binders of various colors , sizes , and brands ; I am no stranger to binders . I use them for organizing important documents , art and ad references , my own writings , and even for archiving magazines , and I 've had varying rates of success with them . After using the Avery Nonstick Heavy Duty binder for a couple of months I can say with confidence that , for me , it 's an almost perfect binder.It comfortably holds 200 clear sheet protectors , each with one to two sheets of paper -LRB- ~ 275 sheets -RRB- and it 's currently at capacity , but I know if I 'd just put the sheets in without the protectors , I could probably fit another 100 + . Now , with that many pages in the binder , it 's heavy . One problem I 've had with the larger binders was the spine bowing from the weight , the rings struggling to remain attached ; I was pleased that I did n't have the same problem with the Avery Nonstick HD binder . The rings and spine felt secure , however , I do wish the front/back/spine paperboard was a bit sturdier.Turning the pages was , more often than not , smooth due to the gapless rings . However , after repeated opening and closing , I 've found that a minuscule gap has developed in the center ring which sometimes hinders the smooth turning of pages . It 's minor to me , but worth noting.Although I 'm using sheet protectors for the vast majority of my pages , I 've added one page to the back in order to test whether the binder will lift ink after prolonged use . So far , it has n't and I 'll be certain to update this review should that change.I adore that the rings open by the touch of a small lever , but sometimes I 'll forget and try to open it with the center ring . It takes a second to remember that such method wo n't work , but someone more determined or absentminded could easily break the binder . This , to me , is a design flaw since many binders are designed to open with the center ring . On the flip side , some may consider it a feature since it 's less likely that the rings will open accidentally.All in all , I 'm happy with this binder despite a few quirks .
 I am an educator and documentor who uses vinyl binders extensively . I decided to try Avery 's Heavy Duty One Touch EZD 2 '' binder.Like many other binders , this one has clear pockets on the front and back cover and the outer binding to accomodate identifying sheets . This binder has D shaped rings that make using the binder easier because the pages sit evenly in the open binder . A nice feature , but not really new.Here are a few new fetures .1 . The split rings come together in a pin and socket joint . This is better that the more common angled tooth joint that can permit pages to slip out .2 . The release tab is easy to use . It allows you to open the rings when you want to with a light pull on the tab . The best part about this is that the locking tab prevents the rings from opening accidentally . I have dropped full binders and had the rings pop open and allow the sheets inside to scatter . With the positive lock mechanism on this binder , that mishap in unlikely to occur .3 . The chipboard that adds rigidity to the covers is made of 100 % recycled paper.Ths is a minor feature , but for me any effort to recycle is a plus.The hinges on this binder do n't appear to be any more durable than other binders . This is important to me , because I have experienced hinge failures on many binders.When that happens , the only thing you can do is throw them out . A `` heavy duty '' hinge would be further improvement .
 This is a nice large-sized binder . The D-rings work exceptionally well and make the page lay nice . The rings are very easy to open but not accidentally . They close nice and tight . Inside the binder has three pockets on each side . I do n't feel like the binder itself is overly strong , but for most uses I think it will hold up just fine . I do n't love that you can slip paper into all three sides ... I feel like it is too easy to end up stretching or ripping it . However , I can see how this could come in handy .
 I love using Avery products , and I use their binders for homeschool records . I like this binder because pages and tabs do not stick out of the end , and I can place this on a shelf without any of our paperwork getting damaged . I also like using the little inside pockets for pamphlets and brochures of places we have visited during the year.I prefer the heavy duty because I have dropped my binders on occasion
 This binder is nice and large . The front , back and spine is covered with a clear plastic overlay , which is open at the top so the user can insert photos or otherwise personalize and label the binder.Inside the front and back covers , there are four vinyl pockets . Two of the pockets are deep , more than half the height of the covers . The other two pockets are lower and are placed in front of the two larger pockets.The D-rings open with just the touch of one hand -- very easy . Paper stays flat and moves easily up and over the rings . The binder is large enough that sheet protectors and dividers do n't jut out from the edge.So far , so good . I do n't have any complaints . I have n't used this long enough to see if there is any ink transfer . That usually takes some time . If it happens , I will definitely come back to update the review . I 'm hopeful , because ink transfer is one thing about I 've had trouble with in the past.PROS : + can insert photos or other printed matter into front , back and spine to personalize the cover . + rings open easily with one hand + four vinyl pockets -LRB- two inside the front cover and two inside the back cover -RRB- + no ink transfer -LRB- per manufacturer -- have n't used it long enough to test this -RRB- + large enough so sheet protectors and dividers do not protrude + D-ring allows pages to lay flat + pages glide easily over rings + comes with two Box Tops for Education couponsCONS : - thinking hard on this one . White is not the prettiest color and the plastic overlay is a little glossy
 really satisfied with this binder . has windows for labels on front cover and spine . has D-rings which i love . would definitely recommend this binder to others .
 This high quality 3 ring binder by Avery holds plenty of paperwork and has a unique `` One Touch EZD '' opener . A touch of the little flip switch and the binder opens . It reportedly holds 50 % more than round ring binders . Pages are easy to turn , and it has 4 pockets to store papers . It is an improvement over most other binders !
 This is a well made binder that should last a long time . Binders are a pretty basic item , but as this binder demonstrates , some are much better than others . Some thought has obviously gone into the design . For one thing , the rings open easier than any binder I have owned and they close easily , perfectly aligned , with a satisfying `` snap '' . Avery guarantees that there will never be a gap , which is a huge plus since many binders of this size that I have had in the past developed a gap that make it difficult to turn the pages . The rings are `` D '' shaped which Avery says will hold 50 % more than the round rings , and looking at them I can see that this is right . On the inside of both the font and back cover are 2 pockets . This is a high quality binder at a good price ; if you need a binder of this size , this would be a good choice .
 I 'm a member of the Amazon Vine program that reviews new items . I ordered this 2 inch white binder , as I use a lot of these in my day-job and at home too for filing . So , I understand that most of us would never order just one -LRB- 1 -RRB- binder from Amazon . The overhead and packaging to ship and receive just one of these does not make sense . But a handful or a case of these would ! -LRB- By the way , if you do order just one , or a few , I will tell you that mine came nicely protected in cardboard from Amazon and it arrived in perfect shape -RRB- . This looks like your standard issue white 3-ring 2 inch binder , with plastic covers so you can slip your own covers -LRB- front , back , and at the seam -RRB- into it for a nice look . But look closer ! This does not contain and PVCs . So what ? Well , it does not have that nasty new vinyl smell that some people -LRB- myself included -RRB- get headaches from . The label also says that the chipboard inside it that makes the covers rigid are made of 100 % recycled material . It has inside pockets and the best rubber coated level to open the rings that I 've ever seen ! Again , the little level to open and close the rings is coated with some sort of rubber-like material , that makes it very ease to open and close these large 2 inch rings!The only issue I had with this one , and it might be because I ordered just one of them -LRB- maybe bulk cases would not come this way -RRB- is that it came with a sticker on the outside of the seam of the binder . It can be removed very easily without making a mess , but it 's one thing I had to do before filing this on the shelve -LRB- I assume most of us will remove that sticker , and slip a strip of paper in there identifying the contents of the binder , for easy identification when it 's on the shelve with many others -RRB- . You will not be disappointed by this product !
 This is a very well made product . The `` D '' shaped rings allow you to store more paper than a typical ringed binder . You also can move the pages back and forth with a bit more ease . You can fit about 50 % more paper in this binder than a typical 2 '' binder.The spine is strong and the covers are durable . The inside of the front and back covers contain two pockets each.The outside covers have clear sleeves so you can insert pages of text , art work , etc.Over the course of usage , the binder continues to operate as though it were brand new . The rings open easily and close firmly , whereas some ringed binders stop closing flush over time , making turning pages a problem . Not the case with this binder!Well worth the money !
 This binder is sturdy and well designed . Inside both covers are three document sleeves . The `` D '' shape of the rings allows more sheets while making paging through easier . There is only one opening lever for the rings , but it is much larger than usual , padded and works much better than the others I have tried . The outside cover has the customary transparent sleeves for inserting custom cover art or information . This is a good binder . It is well worth the money .
 I had been looking for an ink with these qualities for a long time . One , has to be thick consistancy . Two , can not dry after only a few hours of air . Lastly , needs to be able to be used over and over without being refilled too often.This ink fits the bill . While moterately more expensive than regular ink , its worth the extra couple of bucks to not have to go over the material your using it on , with the other inks , over and over again.Note
 In fact , the only ink to use on mechanical , metal wheeled numbering machines . It has the correct additives to avert corrosion of the wheels . It 's quick drying too . Waterproof to some extent .
 Thank you , this item was exactly what I wanted it to be . It is a good purchase on my part . thanks !
 The product was shipped very quickly and was just as described . I ordered all these rubber bands for a project about which I knew nothing so any disappointment was not the result of the product but as a result of my lack of knowledge and pre-planning .
 I use a laptop with a laser mouse in different locations -LRB- work desk , home office desk , tv tray , etc. -RRB- and wanted to have a smooth surface which would require minimum effort to navigate -LRB- as I have arthritis in my hands -RRB- . This mouse pad is a tad small , so you ca n't really move the mouse around a lot . The surface is perfect for moving the mouse smoothly . I have no issues with the mouse `` skipping '' - although the surface appears to be a bit bumpy , it works great.Note that it is slightly raised - about 1/4 inch thick - so your wrist/arm is slightly higher when using it . But , I have not found this to be an issue.Based on my experience , I would recommend this product .
 This calculator comes out of the box just as advertised . I have been using it for a month now and it works perfectly fine . Shipping was fast - i had it delivered next day with prime . Totally reccomend this for someone looking to buy a heavily loaded scientific calculator .
 Very impressive calculator , well design . I used it for my exam , it saves time for me . It can do derivative , integration , even can solve function . I like it .
 Very well made , I was amazed with all the functions it has . Really good for college if you ca n't afford the expensive ones for the initial subjects .
 Very good . Fast delivery . Like this calculator because it just arrived one day before taking my probability exam . If you are looking for a scientific calculator that is cheap , this one is just the right choice
 this is very good , easy to use calculator . downloaded the instructions online also so i can review it in the computer . i havealways used casio andwill continue to use the same brand .
 recieved proptly and bubble wrappedin box , was overpriced 19.99 compared to 12.99 @ stores , but i needed so i can start my cram session for exam , i could get used to calc . .
 Best calculator allowed for the NCEES Professional Engineers test . Does integrals , derivatives , statistics -LRB- one and two variable -RRB- , Matrices , vectors , second order polynomials -LRB- the quadratic equation -RRB- and simultaneous equations . Easy to read and understand solutions for the quadratic , including the complex solution . And it costs less than $ 20 ! You ca n't get a better deal !
 Ok , first things first , I bought this guy at walmart as a spare for my TI-36X a great calculator in it 's own right , but the ti has been relegated to my ` hand out to the mechanics when they need a calculator on the floor ' calculator . I do n't recommend buying two different models because you have to learn both prior to sitting for the exam , but what I do recommend is buying two of these before the exam . open one , use it for practice and the exam and leave the other in the packaging in your backpack , if the first breaks during the exam then you can open the second , if not , return it afterwards . Is it a low chance of failure ? Very , is it something you want to risk when you can take out a $ 15 refundable insurance policy ? why risk it?The level of functionality on the FX-115 is competitive or better than many calculators costing double the price . large well printed functions on keys , easy to use . The battery in addition is nice in case the power goes out . I will admit if I 'm doing anything real I 'm either going to one of my graphing calculators or my computer for work , but for light repetitive work or something to take with you this is gold . The calculator has scientific constants and unit conversions preprogrammed and the sticker inside the cover is a quick reference on how to perform or use those features.For exams where this is an option it 's a great calculator that wo n't cost too much and lets you utilize most or all of the higher functions , but not too pricey for something you may only really need once .
 Very nice calculator , I 'll give it 4 stars because it is slow when you want to edit an input . Besides that little inconvinient it is an excellent product just as described .
 I love the functions ! It is small yet a powerful calculator . Far better than the lower end Ti 's in its price range . -LRB- not comparing to Ti86 or + -RRB- It is really awesome .
 This calculator has really a lot of functions , it does not have much difference with the fx911es . The keys are a little slippery , but if you get used to it it 's OK.The price is really good considering this is such an excellent calculator !
 This is as good as it gets . I sure wish I had one in the 50 's when I was in school . It sure is amazing to be able to run long calculations without even picking up a pencil . This beats the -LRB- H *** -RRB- out of a slide rule .
 This calculator was strongly recommended to us by our Civil Engineering instructor . I do n't know much about calculators , but I know that this one works well and has all kinds of functions to use .
 I bought thisCasio FX-115ES Advanced Scientific Calculator with 2-Line Natural Textbook Displayfor my Chemistry course since a programmable graphic calculator is not allowed . I 've owned this calculator for about two semester already for my Chemistry and also Statistics course.In short , this calculator will serve you well . Inputting equations has never been easier thanks to it 's `` textbook display '' which allows you to type down the equation exactly how you see it on your book.Price
 Bought this for my son . It was really helpful for most of his math homeworks for AP statistics , algebra , science , etc. .
 I purchased the Casio FX-115ES as i begun a Physics course . Because I worked full-time and begun the course before receiving the calculator , I was unable to get to know the calculator as well as I would have like . To that affect , the calculator was great and I still use it now , some 9 months after my purchase . I wish i had the motivation and time to work on learning more of the calculator 's functions but of what I do know , I really enjoy the calculator . I have had zero problems with its functionality .
 Before I bought this calculator I had a good experience using the FX-MS115 , so I thought buying this will be an even better experience ; which it is . So far I have n't had any problem with it plus with it 2 lines natural display makes it feel like a computing device that does the work for you with less headache and no teacher . I recommend u buy this product if u are shopping for a scientific calculator .
 This calculator was purchased to take the Engineer-In-Training exam . It is not my daily use calculator , but it will be used as such until the exam is over in October . As with any calculator , the functions become second nature after some extensive use.This scientific calculator has things that I would not expect a ~ $ 17 calculator to have ... such as ability to solve for integrals , derivatives , solve for unknown variable and others.Maybe its just been a while since I have purchased a calculator for these needs as my graphing calculator has been all I have needed for about 3 years . My normal calculator is a TI N-spire CAS and I think this small scientific one may just take it 's place for a while in my bag .
 Planning to use it for my FE exam , I read good review of this calculators and decided to buy it instead of a TI , I had never use a casio before , but this one is very easy to use and very useful !
 For a scientific calculator , it exceeds all expectations . If I do not need to generate a graph , this calculator is my primary math aide .
 This scientific calculator provides all necessary tools for high school and university students including clear view , equation solutions , derivatives and provides a long battery life . Highly recommended
 I have n't had time to explore this calculator , but it seems to have all the functions I need and is of decent quality-not bad for $ 20 ! The only place I find fault is in the documentation which are multi-folded `` booklets '' for a User Guide and Appendix . There are no tables of contents or Index in either `` manual '' . They are essentially worthless and difficult to read , plus fragile . Fortunately , I was able to download the PDF versions and format them to 2 pages per 8.5 x 11 '' sheet for printing . This makes it a little less unwieldly and easier to read , albeit , lacking in usefull information . Users are on their own after that . Apparently there are no after market books specific to this calculator that I have found .
 I had stupidly thought that since my preferred calculator is a TI-89 that I should use the TI model for the PE Exam . Ha ! I 'm glad someone told me about the Casio , because it is a far superior choice . Key differences between the two that make it amazing : A solve routineResponsive keysClear displayMight I also add , for the FE takers out there , that it derives and integrates ? Yeah , the TI30X is basically a cheapy free calculator in comparison .
 Easy to use , has all the functions needing for algebra , and gmat prep . Buttons are big enough for convenient usage . Good display . Over all a good buy from amazon for the price and the seller .
 I 'm homeschooling my 12 year old son ... he loves math and had buzzed through algebra and trig , so we started calculus this year . Much fun for both of us!On a whim , I bought this calculator when I saw the price -LRB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and the note that it does integrals . I thought my son would shrug his shoulders at yet another calculator . Instead , it 's turned into one of his treasures . Right off , he began doing algebra on it ; within an hour , he was numerically integrating functions . Lately , he 's been challenging it with calculations that take ten minutes to converge . Yikes!We 've been studying physics as well , and when we were fooling with Maxwell 's Equations , he 'd dig the constants -LRB- permitivity & permeabilty of free space -RRB- out of the innards of the calculator.Probably he would have loved any good calculator , but I 'm delighted at how he took to this one . Simple , fairly rugged , lightweight , and cheap enough to give to a 12 year old without worries that it 'll get broken or lost .
 Casio has been making calculators since the abacus was replaced -LRB- even tho it is still being used in some places , like MIT -RRB- so it is not surprising that this device works very well and does what it is asked to do .
 This one is n't as fancy as the graphing calculators but it has a lot of the other main functionalities for geometry and trig and pre-cal , and even some calculus .
 clear screeneasy to useallowed in FE and other examsattractive model
 I bought this calculator for a college-level Intermediate Algebra class . It was recommended that we get graphing calculators , but this was cheaper and I liked the idea of being able to see square root symbols and fractions as they appear on the page instead of in text notation . This has turned out to be a fantastic purchase . It is very powerful and even beats the graphing calculator I borrowed for comparison in ease of use . The large , `` natural '' display is my favorite feature and makes inputting equations much more simple . Highly recommended from a calculator-shy college student .
 I have n't been disappointed by a casio calculator purchase yet . I 'm glad I bought it .
 I am an engineer in a sales role . This calculator is a valuable tool on my desk . It is intuitive and easy to read and the keys are a good size . I would recommend this one to potential buyers .
 Calculator worked well for my computer class , and did not cost an arm and a leg .
 I am a student , and I bought this calculator because it was cheap , and belive me this can do most of the things that 10 times more expensive calculators do , so this one is pretty much awesome
 I LOVE THIS CALCULATOR , YEAH !!! This is an excellent calculator . I used it for the FE , and did not miss my TI83 at all .
 For more than 20 years , Casio has maintained and upgraded this classic design -LRB- my first calculator , was a FX602FP more than 20 years ago -RRB- . I find it terrific , easy to use for the casio habituee , and for those eager to learn it . There is no match to the intuitive way the functions are arranged and called for in this device . Great price , with dual power , cover and manual .
 I got this for my 16 yo who is about to take his PSAT 's . He has been studying for the math section and this calculator is awesome . The equations are actually in equation format and he is kicking butt . Thank you
 This calculator is very good . The display screen shows both result and process which makes it easier to track what you have done and find mistakes . Solar cell provides another power to run the calculator , so there is no need to worry about using up the battery . The only problem is that when I press &#34; = &#34; to show the result , it will come up with fractional number , and I do n't know how to let it shows decimal number directly . So I just press &#34; shift &#34; and another &#34; = &#34; to change the result to decimal number .
 This calculator has way too many functions , there is nothing that ca n't be done with it , a must have for any student .
 I was looking for a good calculator to use for my Business stats class , and this calculator has a lot of the functions we use , making the class much , much easier .
 I have since changed my mind about the new Casio FX-115ES calculator . It is as good or in some ways even better than the Sharp 506WBBK unit and of course slightly higher in its price . Both units are quite small , light and yet highly useful and powerful algebraic operating system -LRB- AOS -RRB- machines , capable of performing many important mathematical operations . The Casio does n't perform matrices of order higher than three -LRB- whereas the Sharp will perform up to 4th order matrices -RRB- , but the Casio has a screen contrast control and a lot more intuitive setup and control features . The keyboard , although busy is nowhere near as busy or hard to remember as on the Sharp.I do not use any calculator every single day anymore , but when I do , I do n't want to have to reread the manual thoroughly in order to remember how to do some key mathematical operations . Simplicity should be and is the guiding principle on the Casio . Also , largely different mathematical operations are kept quite separate which I find useful , but some others may not . It too has a quite limited memory , but for what it has , it does most operations quite cleanly and quickly . It also has two large -LRB- multi-page fold-up -RRB- paper manuals -LRB- a explanatory user 's guide and a separate appendix of example calculations -RRB- showing all of the numerous types of operations in more detail.I also like very much how this calculator displays very useful information about both the conversion of physical units from one system to another as well as the values of the available physical constants -LRB- 40 values are available for each of these options -RRB- . On the Casio the operation being performed is explicitly stated with standard symbols given for the particular constant for example . On the Sharp 506 WBBK there are about a dozen more values available , but no information is given after the operation is performed so you may just have to look your code up again to check and/or remember the operation that you have performed.Finally , I also like how it allows the user to keep a record on the screen of the integral or derivative that was just performed . To boot the screen adjusts its scaling for your viewing of the result depending on the level of detail of the final operation , which is quite a nice feature . It can also be adjusted to either have a standard decimal style output answer or an answer with explicit integer and fractional parts . It is this same display control that fully allows all parts of the integration process to be displayed or not as chosen by the user . In some cases , for example making a table of values of a function , it does n't always do a good job of representing the number in the very small tabular view , but luckily it also gives a backup view of every tabular entry at the bottom of the table and in all cases these are clearly and easily read and always quite correct.Finally , when it does comes time to change the battery there is only one to replace on the Casio , but two to change on the Sharp -LRB- all LR44 's -RRB- . Now I am also awaiting the arrival of the FX-991ES PLUS -LRB- which is very close to that of the FX-115ES , but with a redesigned body shape with all plastic keys and a new snap-on cover -RRB- that was just released by Casio . The Plus version has 9 memories and can perform 417 functions which is much closer to the capabilities of the Sharp . It also has an integer random number generator capability , etc.UPDATE
 I always used CASIO before , so the key layout for 115ES was easy to use . Even people using calculator from other brand may find it used friendly . You can input three vectors and matrices to do common operation like dot & cross product ; transpose , determinant and inverse . Can also solve quadratic equations and some basic statistical operations . Good to buy this instead of 115MS if you want to do all these operations .
 It 's amazing what this calculator can do for the price it sells for . I used it for the Mechanical Engineering P.E. test . You can download the manual online to get the specs and all.The drawbacks : - the calculator wobbles on the table when you use it -LRB- only three of the four support points are co-planar -RRB- , and that is noisy and annoying.-no thousand comma separator , this is a major complain I have as I had to count zeros once in a while and my eyes get tired of doing that and it 's a waste of time .
 I use both this calculator and a TI-84 Silver . I actually use this calculator more when not graphing . When I need simple math , this is a perfect calculator . I have had it for 5 years and it still works great .
 I needed a calculator for my math class . When I saw the teacher look at this calculator someone had and say she knew what she was going to put on her Christmas list , I knew it was going to be the one to get ! It did n't cost very much considering how much it can do . I 'm still learning about it but get tickled every time I find out something new it can do .
 In spite of the seeming easiness of using this calculator with having it display the integral signs , etc. , there 's many different settings to switch between ; this can prove frustrating . Generally speaking , by the time you need a calculator with this many functions , you 'll be using a graphing calculator . The only reason I bought this was because one of my professors required you to have a non-programmable calculator ; this serves it 's purpose well . Do n't think though because it can integrate it 's powerful ; most integrations take at least several seconds .
 I got this for my son he is 7th grade and in honors and he is studying pre-algebra . I 've got to say that this calculator did better than any calculator i had before . Truly worth the buy
 To preface this review , I have used TIs throughout high school ; mostly the TI-30x variants . This calculator has all the functionality of the TI-30x plus much , much more , solidly beating it . Firstly , the combination of battery and solar power means it the display will not fade when there is not enough ambient light -LRB- a problem with the ti-30xa solar -RRB- and the battery will last a long , long time . If you compare it with the ti-30x , there might seem to be some buttons that the ti has and this casio does not . However , the Casio has the same capabilities - they are stored in menus instead of buttons . For statistics , for example , there is a separate `` statistics '' mode , and there is a separate menu with statistical functions . The functionality of the DRG button on the TI can be found on the Casio by going to the setup screen , where you can choose between using degrees , radians , or gradients for calculations . the DRG button on the Casio converts between these different types of meansurements , which I think makes it even more useful than the TI.My only quibble is that the manual is the same kind you might get with a digital watch . Booklet form would have been better.I wish this calculator existed when I was in high school . As it is , I expect it will help me out in calculus class . I also have a ti-89 , but I find I do n't use it as often as the fx-115 es .
 Thought of giving four stars , but I ca n't think of anything wrong with it . It 's cheap and it works great.Features in this and other calculators used to cost hundreds of dollars.In the early 1990s I had an HP for almost $ 200 and it was slow as hell.And hard to use . I had to keep refering to the manual.Sci Cals these days are easy to use . I was able to use this calculator 's fractions feature without even opening the manual.I opened up the calculator and took out the single button cell -LRB- battery -RRB- and covered up the solar panel and the calculator was out cold . I put it back to bright light and it came back to life . It also kept my entries as if it did n't notice anything.Some calculators for whatever lazy reason do n't put the solar cells to work.I also have a TI 30XS and I did the same and the solar cells did not power the calculator . Its a real solar panel . I just do n't understand why they put it there and not put it to use .
 It 's really a pretty cool calculator , but I do have a couple of gripes . First , the `` book '' that comes with it is pretty crappy , although it does contain all of the information if you take the time to dig through it . I found that your better bet is to go online and find it . At least then I can zoom it so that I can actually read it.Second , the default setting displays all answers as improper fractions , so if you enter 5/4 you get a result of 5/4 . Gee thanks , that 's helpful . After several minutes of jacking with it and digging through the book , I finally found a section buried way down in the middle that shows how to switch the display to decimal -LRB- the S < > D button -RRB- . I 'm sure that this might have been obvious for seasoned scientific calculator users , but not for first time buyers.Now , once you get past some of the quirks , it is a pretty good calculator . I like the textbook display . And for $ 18 -LRB- at Target -RRB- , you ca n't beat it .
 i bought the calculator for my son who is in high school . he appreciates the display , the sleek appearance and speed of processing data . good job Casio !
 Excelente calculadora a un precio muy accesible . Puedes hallar ecuaciones , derivar , integrar , adem&aacute;s posee conversiones predefinidas en la memoria.Posee 2 sistemas de energia , a bateria y solar .
 I really apreciatte this seller , because I did n't have much time to receive the purchase and he did comply the delivery time . Besides that , the product arrived in great conditions.Thanks a lot !!
 The Calculators arrived on time and in very good conditions , New.I will definitely do business with you again.Good product for money.Thanks
 This calculator is very useful and offers many function that calculator like this does n't .
 This is a pretty nice calculator , and Casio was able to put an amazing amount of gadgetry in it for below $ 20 . There are some little things that could be problematic
 My wife teaches Middle School and purchased this for pre-Algebra after researching it on the web . Worked out perfect for her , and she considered it an excellent value for the money , and has had no problems with it . Easy to use . Instructions were easy to understand and useful .
 I recently bought one of these to replace my TI-36X that I 'd been using for engineering calculations . The keypad is laid out well , the functions are easy to learn and use , and the display is quite clear . Everything I need -- metric conversions , equation solver , matrix functions , differential and derivative evaluations , statistical analysis , etc. -- can be performed with a few keystrokes vice having to spend time programming a function . The display is easy to see , too.The only bad things I can say about it are the poor owner 's manual format -LRB- this calculator is easy to learn , so not much of an issue -RRB- and the construction -LRB- the cover falls off of mine -RRB- . However , these are minor issues and do n't reflect on this item 's function or reliability.As someone else pointed out , Amazon 's price is too expensive . Circuit City and many others have the same calculator for $ 5 or so less . FYI , Staples is currently closing these out for $ 2.50 , item # 079767171131 . -LRB- Yes , the decimal is in the right place -- that 's where I got mine . -RRB- A very close second to this calculator is the Sharp EL-506WBBK .
 I bought this calculator to take the FE Exam as it was one of the few calculators allowed , and it saved my ass . I spent a couple hours really learning every function of this calculator -LRB- it can do more than I realized when I bought it -RRB- and it was worth every second.It can do matrices , vectors , basic calculus , statistics , and complex numbers . Learning all of these saved me precious time on the test.Absolutely 100 % recommended .
 I bought this to replace and old calculator at home , it does its job pretty well ... If you want a cheap scientific calculator i recommend this one ...
 Seriously ! They should stop using TI , I 've been using this model since 2008 and I 'm never tired of it . The display is concise and the buttons make sense .
 Bought this for the PE exam . Scientific calculators have improved a lot since I was in high school , which was n't that long ago . The display is very easy to read and scrolling to previous calculations is very easy . The solver , matrix , and integral features are all very intuitive . Lots of features but very easy to navigate all the buttons . The instruction manual is a giant poster which is a bit ridiculous , but it is a popular enough calculator that you can just google search any question you have on how to use something and it will be faster and more descriptive than using the giant poster that comes with the calc . I bought both the plus and the regular for the PE and ca n't really tell the difference feature wise , but never put too much effort into it . It was excellent to use during the test .
 The Casio Fx 115ES calculator has many names at my school . OP -LRB- over powered -RRB- calculator , cheater calculator , ` The Calculator ' . No lie , there is a cult following on this calculator . This has gotten to the point where the teacher have begun to ban this calculator as too powerful . If your teacher/professor says scientific calculators are OK , this is perfect . This does matrices , solves equations up to the x ^ 3 degree , does summation , has a bunch of built in unit conversions , is really easy to figure out , has an intuitive display , the fractions nest , and the log with different bases has saved my behind on many Precal Tests . Also an excellent value on Amazon . No competition at all . This pushes the definition of scientific calculator . Hands down the best pic .
 This is a good calculator . You will need to read the manual probably , because it ships with some funky settings -LRB- such as giving decimal answers in the form of a fraction -RRB- . It 's easy enough to change the settings , once you know how.This calculator is about $ 4 cheaper at Staples .
 very good for university . this is an easy to use calculator.Other high points : * excellent battery life and solar ability * Table functionMinor quibbles : * you may have to slow down the pace when keying in as it will miss keystrokes if you type too fast * you have to hit Shift to get to ` X ' -LRB- alpha -RRB- or Pi
 I bought this calculator 's distant ancestor six or seven years ago in College and loved it ever since . The old model was the first calc that gave you graphing calculator editing capabilities in a small calc package and it was a steal for the $ 12 or $ 14 I paid for it then . This new generation is nothing short of a quantum leap forward . For the first time you can enter equations exactly as you would write them . The font switches to a smaller size , so you can review the whole equation at once . It also has a solver funtion that is intuitive and quick ; I used it all the time on open channel flow problems , or any equation that would require more than mild rearranging of terms . This may be the only calc on the PE approved list that has this ability.Other high points : * excellent battery life and solar ability * Table functionMinor quibbles : * you may have to slow down the pace when keying in as it will miss keystrokes if you type too fast * you have to hit Shift to get to ` X ' -LRB- alpha -RRB- or Pi * when editing an equation , very slow to cursor to where you want
 I failed the FE last semester . Yes , probably one of 5 who failed out of like thousands who did fine . Needless to say I 'm ashamed . I was a last semester senior in civil with a completely overwhelming 18 hour schedule which I should have known was suicide . Plus many other personal life complications and interruptions . All that business led me to completely put off all studying for the FE thinking it would be a sinch . Plus , friends had said it was n't that bad at all . Lesson learned . Study for this test ! I will not allow myself to fail this test again . Unless you 're a genius , do not put off the studying like I did . I 'm a 3.5 gpa student.I 'm registered to take this test again this October . I 'm now a grad student and my schedule is actually much more realistic . I have been studying with a partner 2-3 times a week , for several hours at a time . We help push each other when we we 're stuck . We both have the giant FE review manual by lindebergh . Also , go to the NCEES site , print out the Reference Manual available in pdf at kinkos and have it bound there . It is vital to get to know your way around it.CALCULATOR !!! I actually owned this Casio fx 115ES for my first time taking the FE . Though I had spent a little time getting to know it before the test , I have realized only recently that it was not near enough ! I have vowed to know this thing inside and out and in the process I have realized that this may be the best calculator ever created.I have used a TI-86 for years . I always loved the TI setup so I thought about getting one of TI approved models , but the fx-115ES was rated a lot higher and had better reviews than the other calculators permitted on the exam . I got it . It frustrated me for a while because it seemed so unlike the format of TIs . I thought I was comfortable enough with it for the test , but obviously I was n't . I feel I 'm a notoriously bad timed test taker . You should know absolutely everything about the ref manual you can and know every short cut on your calculator as possible . Each 4 hour segment moves way fast!This semester I have actually been using the fx-115ES during classes and for all my homework . Discovering shortcuts that I had no idea existed . The display is amazing . I like seeing a fraction like how I would write it on paper and this calculator allows you to do that . In fact , you can put fractions in the numerator and denominator of a fraction ! You can even put fractions in the next fractions ! Does that make sense ? It helps me immensely because I have realized I notoriously type things in wrong in calculators . If I get an answer that is n't one of the choices , I can press the navigation key and go back and look at everything I typed in and easily fix it . It is amazing . I have done that over and over.You can enter constants -LRB- Avogadro 's number , gravity , etc etc -RRB- and can convert units by using the little cheat sheet that is already glued on the inside of the sliding case . Figuring out how to quickly use that -LRB- which is not hard at all -RRB- is also an amazing help.There is a genius little button that converts mixed numbers to decimal form . I know that it 's in most calculators but it seems better on this one . There is also a button to convert to engineering -LRB- i.e. 10 ^ -4 -RRB- . At my level of schooling , integrating and derivation are very quick and easy , but holy crap , I can do it even faster on this calculator ! There are so many great little features in this calculator that you 'll find yourself wondering why other calculators even exist . Because I do n't need to do a lot of graphing anymore , I actually have switched so this is basically my sole calculator . I recommend everyone do this . I am beyond confident that I will slaughter the FE this time around.And just to prove to you one more thing . I researched the hell out of the available TI calculators this summer . I got the one that I thought was the best and offered the most functions . TI-36Solar . Do n't even bother . It is built way cheaper than the fx-115ES . It 's only solar and I found that it had a hard time turning on and being seen in the middle of the day !!!! This is a huge issue as FE exam rooms can be very dim ! The Casio is double powered and contrast is easily controlled ! The buttons on the TI are inferiorly organized to the Casio.LAST NOTE ! DO NOT get the fx-115MS or ANY other model of the fx-115 . My study friend after seeing me gush over this ES finally decided to get one . He accidently got the MS and to his horror , the display is only one line and with less functions . I can not believe I have typed all this up . I think I 'm just hoping to help people to not make the same mistakes I did .
 I had an upcoming exam that specifically prohibited programmable calculators , so while I have quite the `` stable '' HP RPN machines , all of them were out . The FX-115ES was what I found as a substitute , and I 'm quite impressed , especially for the price -LRB- which is $ 18 at Target , BTW -RRB- . The machine works well and is quite feature-laden and easy to use -- I believe it is the most powerful non-programmable , non-graphing machine out there , and at a price where you can afford a few spares to spread around your home , office , car , etc. so that you do n't have to worry about losing one.I 've had tons of calculators over time , with the Casio FX-4000P -LRB- back in the late '80s -RRB- being the first truly memorable one -LRB- my brother had an FX-7000G , the first graphing calculator -RRB- . I switched to HPs in college , and I am still an RPN die-hard -LRB- I 'm eagerly awaiting the release of the 30th anniversary HP-35s this summer ! -RRB- , but I can still appreciate a quality product such as this from Casio .
 Casio has always been about Bang-for-the-buck and they have gotten really good at it too . I loved the constants and conversion features . The only aspect i do n't like about this calci is it switches itself off after a short while , often while you are contemplating what to do . This is annoying because all the previous calculations in memory or the value on the display get viped out . This is why I am stripping one star out of its rating .
 King of affordable full featured sci calculators anyways . I bought this & the 115ms specifically for the NCEES FE/FS exams after heavy use of ti-86 thru most of undergrad school . The TI certainly is nice for graphing , full matrix capability , programming , etc. , but in general , i wish i had used the Casios all along as they are so incredibly handy & much easier to lug along . It 's really all you 'll need , even thru calculus , physics , statistics & chemistry . The 2-line display on the 115es is handy , and the natural display is nice for seeing fractions displayed in a horizontal stack -LRB- as would appear on paper -RRB- , for entering derivative or integration problems as would be in a textbook , and for the standard display of answers -LRB- i.e. exact answer vs. decimal answer -RRB- . Otherwise , its easy enough to switch to the more common ` line ' entry mode to get all answers in decimal -LRB- as some mental giants here have complained about -RRB- , or simply hit the S-D key -LSB- standard to decimal -RSB- . Things i like about the 115ms specifically -LRB- compared to the 115es -RRB- is its clearer , crisper display , the keyboard is more intuitive , and also the solve feature is more flexible than the es . If you input an equation using multiple variables , with the ms , you just toggle between the variable inputs as you 're entering the data to solve for the desired one . With the es , you have to specify at the end of your equation which variable you want to solve for , before you even get to the data input . A minor gripe.Otherwise , the es is definitely more user-friendly in the various modes available , and with matrix , table , and vector capability , unit conversions and some scientific constants , much more advanced than the ms. Casio should combine the pros of the 2 platforms and they could call it the 115ts because it would be `` the-sh #t ! Also , they need to make a real operator manual - otherwise i would of given 5-stars for this full-featured gem .
 This calculator does some great things
 I was jubilant when I bought this calculator for $ 17 . The natural display is great , and the functionality listed was pretty impressive . After all , it handled matrices , vectors , complex numbers , n-summations , binomial coefficients , and integration ; it had a table and statistics modes ; and it could solve quadratic and cubic equations!Sadly , memory and computational restrictions -LRB- both signalled with the dreaded `` math error '' -RRB- spoil most of these advanced features . Here are my gripes about those :1 . I use matrices on a regular basis , but 95 % of the computation I do with 3x3 -LRB- or 2x2 or 1x1 or non-square x < 4 , y < 4 -RRB- matrices takes less time mentally than with the ES . I was excited about the ES because many operations with 4x4 + matrices -LRB- most -RRB- are extremely time-consuming . However , the ES is limited to 3x3 matrices .2 . Many calculations that I 've needed to perform on exams , homework , or research result in out-of-memory errors -LRB- `` math error '' -RRB- . Sometimes the calculations can easily be split into multiple parts , but sometimes not . It has occasionally run out of memory in simple -LRB- albeit long -RRB- calculations , but the far greater issue is that advanced functions take tremendous memory to perform . Anything involving n-summations , certainly , is likely to be an issue .3 . Integration , differentiation , and -LRB- to a lesser extent -RRB- complex-number calculations are quite limited . Many real integration problems result in math errors , and I 've even seen it return false results . The differentiation seems to work moderately well , and simple complex-number calculations work fine ; but neither is great.In essence , what I feel I have is a non-graphing , natural-display , few-advanced-features $ 17 calculator , which is honestly still a bargain.The natural display really does help prevent mistakes -LRB- though , to warn
 I 'm taking college algebra right now , which this calculator is perfect for . I purchased this model for the versatility it offers ; since I will be taking statistics next semester I needed something that I could also potentially use for that . According to Casio 's website this calculator has been suggested for the following courses
 I agree with the views of `` Anonymous '' about this calculator . Rather than repeat what he said , I would like to point out that an important feature of this calculator is fractional input . This is important when there are complicated numerators and denominator -LRB- something like -LRB- 45 + 6 sin -LRB- pi/2 -RRB- -RRB- / -LRB- sq root -LRB- 1.006 -RRB- * 15.0987 -RRB- . Using this mode , the display type is smaller and the entire complicated fraction can be viewed in natural format . Not having a single line of type scrolling off the screen helps avoid errors . Usually , an entire complicated expression fits on a screen.This is the best scientific calculator I have ever used , and I own calculators by Casio , Sharp , TI , and HP . I do think that the `` best '' calculator of all is the TI-89 .
 I used this in high school and it it very easy and comfortable to use it . I lost it and this is my 2nd one in my college . Great calculator .
 Displays output just like viewed on the picture . Works well in complex divisions and calculations with a soft punch pad makes you want to keep calculating your work .
 Received the item on time and great value for the money spent . I would always recommend to buy this product .
 I bought this for my daughter 's advance math class for her 9th grade year and it serves it 's purpose . She is now in the 10th and she uses in her advance math as well .
 me gusta llego en el tiempo esperado todo bien graciaas ...
 A very good calculator for the price , as a math and science teacher I find it reasonable to teach others to use it .
 i am very happy with this buy because they sent me that i bought , and it was a very fast sending
 This is a very capable calculator . Fractions to decimal , decimal to fractions , least common multiple , least common divisor , and an equation solver all make this a great device but it is likely that your student will as a result not be allowed to use it on exams . Middle school students in particular should be solving their problems the old-fashioned way.This is a great calculator . It is capable , portable , and seems rugged enough to survive life in a backpack .
 one of the best scientific calculators out there . i love casio calculators , they are so easy to use compared to TIs .
 Easily check the answers of all your test problems . Enter functions and equations exactly as it is written in your text book .
 It 's tbe best calculator !!!! well probably not as much features as those graphing ones but it 's good enogh for me!plus my lecturer does n't allow those graphing ones ... hehehe XD
 If you want to do maths properly , rely on this to get the job done , not BS txas instrument calculators . It is single handedly responsible for many an A grade across high school an now college math courses
 All through high school they demanded we have graphing calculators and all the final tests required them but as soon as i got to a university Calc 2 class graphing calculators , really any programmable calculators , were virtually banished from the room . They were not to be used on quizzes , tests , or exams . So i had dug out my elementary school calculator until it died on me . That may have been the best thing that ever happened because i turned around and got this calculator . It virtually does everything but the calculus for you . It will even plug in and perform numerical integrations . Unlike other scientific calculators it has tons of useful applications . It has e as well as ln most of the trig and there is a lot more that i have n't had the time to explore yet . It is even better than my graphing calculator.The only thing that could remotely be seen as a set back is that when faced with difficult problems it may take a few seconds longer to process the data . The first time it did that i thought it was messed up but if you just leave it alone for those extra 2 seconds it will give you the answer.Its an amazing calculator . I 'm almost glad my teacher forced me to get a new calculator ... . though if she knew how much this one could do i bet she would ban it as well lol
 I just got this product but so far its great . I am not sure yet if it can store more then one value in memory.but so far for my FE exam it 's very good .
 The new integration algorithm is much better than in previous models . That alone made it worth the purchase price . The intuitive algebraic numeric display is very nice.The one feature I wish were included would be the capacity to store entered equations and functions as well as variables .
 I ca n't say that I love the appearance of this calculator . However , the price of this CASIO calculator was just overwhelming . I strongly recommend this one if your interest is in complex number calculating , just like me . This one is amazing .
 If there 's a better calculator out there in the < $ 20 range , I have n't seen it . This is a huge step up from my wife 's old fx-180P I had planned on using for the PRAXIS II math test -LRB- until I picked it up the other day and it rattled as I shook it -RRB- . The road map-style manual is the only reason I took a star away from it . A booklet manual with an index would be a big improvement .
 I have a TI-89 which works well , but I bought this last week from Target for the FE exam . I have been using it for my regular calculations so I can get familiar with it and I like it so far.Both of my calculators actually have almost the same number of buttons but I feel like I can get to the functions I use most often quicker on the Casio than on the TI . For example it is much quicker to square something , use cos , sin , tan , or log on the Casio . I like how easy it is to change the answer from exact to approximate and also to change it to Scientific Notation.My only complaint is that the Casio does not let me scroll back through previous calculations after it turns on and off , which is obviously a given for my TI-89 . However , I am surprised that I can go from a 150 $ calculator to a 20 $ calculator for typical calculations and have that as my only complaint .
 I think that the calculator is pretty nice . It has a lot of functions , but it is very easy to understand . I loved it ! I use it for physics and calculus with no problems .
 it was sent in a short period of time and the quality is quite good . by the way , the package is also good .
 I bought this to take the FE as per other recommendations . It is allowed during the FE and PE exam . It is simple to use once you figure out the button layout . I bought it a couple of months in advance to get used to new calculator .
 Excellent calculator . Given the price , the calculator is really good . It is easy to use and it does n't need batteries .
 Easy to use . It has differential calculus , so you it 's good for engineering undergraduates . Or you can buy it just for fun .
 Fantastic Calculator , definitely worth the money ! Great for any math class you need . Shipped fast right before my math test .
 Bought this for the FE exam . It can do lots of things you will need for this exam . However , make sure to practice with it before you go . Year later , still going strong .
 I am going to take the final exams of statistics , this calculator definitely offers me the final solution to my final exam . Compared to the price of Texas Instruments , this is definitely a superb value gadget .
 this is one of the best one in market with the price tag it has . Shipped fast ! what else you need , right ?
 It is thin and light than normal ones . The color is not like usual dark blues one and it is very good . The functions are enough for me .
 I love the physical look of the productas well as its features . Delivery was done on time.I will gladly recommend the products to my friends .
 Fits my purpose and has lots of use for subjects like math or science . Wide enough display and it 's solar power .
 I received the calculator exactly a day before the expected shipping date . . which was very useful . The product was in perfect condition . It came in a sealed packaging -LRB- Casio -RRB- . . So far I did not have any issues , though the button to turn on the calculator looks a little pressed . . but it works fine.Thanks
 I 've been using this 115ES calculator for years and have no single bad thing to say about it
 Definitely the best calculator under $ 20 on the market . Lots of features , easy to use , both battery & solar powered . Go and get one now !
 If you need a calculator for chemistry , this is the one to go with . It gives you the correct scientific notation when it comes to equations and is really easy to use overall . Do n't think it 's just for chemistry . It 's also good for geometry , algebra 2 , and pre cal !
 This is a good product for those studying more advanced statistics . It 's easy to use once you get the hang of it and is n't cluttered with a ton of useless functions .
 replaced an old casio fx vpam calculator with this . works great . Very useful for engineering , finance caluclations . best one out there .
 It 's a good choice for solving complex number questions in engineering . Cheap , light , easy to use , if you do n't want to buy a expensive graphing calculator , this is the best choice .
 I really do like this calculator . I have two graphing calculators , but this calculator is good for straight computation . I really like the natural display . Summations , Integrals , and fractions are all intuitive . One caveat is that if you want your answer to be given as a decimal instead of as a fraction or root , you have to press shift/enter . I like fractions and roots as answers , but I need decimals too , so that can be a bit cumbersome , but not not in the long run . I am studying toward calculus , so I know that the graphing ones will come in handy later on , but for now , this thing rocks !!! Highly recommended and for cheap , too !
 Does the job and relatively cheap . Good thing is on the cover it has a conversion table so if you need it for exams and you need to convert from anything or need constant numbers or symbols it has it all .
 It 's a good calculator , it does all the mathematics for you :-RRB- it does n't graph though . It 's reasonable for its price .
 For $ 20 , this is a great calculator and more so since one doesnt need external batteries to operate it as it has solar cells . Only criticism I have about this calculator is that the solar cell needs to be taken extra care as they easily get dirt on them . But the calculator works really well . Highly recommended : -RRB-
 As a student new to advanced calculators , this is a great one , It by itself is pretty easy to understand , but the instruction manual is very difficult to understand . I am not unhappy that I bought it . I feel that even without the help of good instructions I have been able to make good use of it .
 I really like the natural language display . You can type the math just the way it looks in the book . I wish the instruction manual was more comprehensive .
 For the price , I really liked this calculator , which I use for straight forward engineering calculations . I have grown to like the natural display which reduces errors when multiplies and divides are used . My one disappointment involved complex numbers . While simple math can be done , one can not take the sine or exponental of a complex variable .
 I 'd been using Casio fx5000 , the old model , it was working great . I like casio best , but I could n't find that model anymore , so I decided to buy this one , and I am satisfied , it just a little bit slow .
 Price was superb , performance has impressed my two sons . Bought two because each son required his own for school , so low price was very important . Both boys -LRB- high school , junior and senior -RRB- find these units more than just adequate for class and homework . No problems at all with durability or ease of use . I recommend these highly to anyone who does n't like to throw more money around than is necessary .
 Has everything I need for quick computing . Had to study the instruction manual and practice a bit before I could access all the functions . No problems with this calculator .
 The Casio fx-115ES is the perfect alternative to the outdated TI-84-83 which do not have Calculus functions such as the Derivative and Integrals . If you 're a PreCalc student , I highly suggest buying this calculator , in addition I also suggest getting the TI89 once you 're studying TI89 , trust me , the fx115es and the ti89 works together alongside PERFECTLY.Pros
 Pros : - can calculate numerous things -LRB- basic calculation , algebra , simultaneous equation , integration , searching unknown , trigonometry , etc -RRB- - easy to use , no trick or other annoying mechanism-brilliant & comperehensible natural display of numbers , unlike traditional calculator which has dull display of numbers.-can undo your previous work-better than wolfram alpha website -LRB- no offense to wolfram alpha fans -RRB- Cons : - Unlike previous version of Casio calculator , this one does not has hidden games . -LRB- but of course , this is not a big deal -RRB- - Quite expensive
 Very smart product for high school , and to use at the begining studies of maths , engineering , phisics
 The product was in the best conditions when it arrived , everything in order and in the best conditions . I 've used this calculator in the past , I 've owned one before -LRB- but someone stole it -RRB- and some friends of mine own one so I get to use it a lot . This is a very useful and powerful calculator because it 's able to perform numeric integration and derivation , and other operations like combinations and permutations in a reasonable time for a simple calculator . Here I list what I think might be important to consider when buying this product : * It has a hard case so you can put it into your backpack and it wo n't accidentally turn on , thing that frequently happen to my HP 50g . * It has a constant library really handy for physics . * It has an application to convert from some units that comes very handy . * Its textbook input it 's a really huge plus to reduce mistakes people often commit when imputing operations . * Its S < - > D button allows you to see the result of your calculations as a fraction/sub-radical/mix-fraction or as a number -LRB- Believe it or not it can help you a lot -RRB- . * It can perform complex , vector , a matrix operations smoothly.Really great product , great price and service from the seller . I ca n't complain in general .
 This is a great calculator . Lightweight and Compact so I can take it anywhere , Large Screen so I can easily see , Dual Power so I do n't have to worry about batteries , and the data entry is superior to the comparable TI products . I used a previous version in college , the Casio FX-115MS and ca n't say enough great things about this calculator . It even performs basic algebra and calculus functions ! It was instrumental in my passing of the FE exam . I am currently preparing for the Civil Engineering PE exam and wanted to get a backup calculator . I purchased the Casio FX-115ES . The 115ES has all the same great features of the 115MS , but a few little improvements , like the textbook display . Highly recommended for any engineering students or professionals .
 Well designed with good features . I had to get a calculator without memory for a chemistry class this past Fall semester , and this was one of the ones recommended on the syllabus . The price is great , and I found it extremely easy to use . Also , it is nice and sturdy , hardly showing any wear despite riding around in the bottom of my purse and backpack for months . A good buy .
 So I basically needed a scientific calculator because my teachers did not allow TI-83 ,84,86,89 ... etc calculators to be used on exams . I now needed a calculator that can do log and basic exponents and this did just that . No complaints here .
 This is a good calculator . The ability to to scroll back through previous calculations is awesome . You can set this thing to give answers as a fraction or decimal , and either way you set the default to be , you can switch your answer back and forth . I use an HP 48S , but it was not allowed in the PPE exam , so I needed to have this for preparation to get used to entering formulas/calculations -LRB- awesome feature -RRB- just like you see them on the page .
 I am a die-hard TI 35 guy , from my Navy schools , which strongly recommended them . This Casio is MUCH easier to understand , I love the display method , which mirrors the way our College computer classes display and expect math input . It 's my GO TO calculator . I am glad I risked it / bought this one .
 I really like this calc and very user friendly . The only con I see is , its flat when placed on table , I wish they should have risen -LRB- inclined -RRB- at the screen so that we can look more comfortably .
 This product is simply awesome . Very light weight and easy to use . As people said in previous reviews that it gives output in fractions instead of decimals . I can see that it may be annoying sometimes but I found that helpful especially in the examinations where you are trying to write in some intermediate steps on the paper . Also , its not always in fractions and one can press shift button before the result to get it in decimals . I would buy it again without doubt anytime .
 Love the calculator . I bought it for my FE exam , and it definitely helped me through it . It has a lot of functions , including matrix calculations , statistical calculations , and can give you definite integrals and derivatives . Only downside is that the instruction manual is one massive sheet folded up , but that was manageable .
 I previously had an HP33s Scientific Calculator for high school but because it did n't have a hard case , the screen smashed from being carried around in my school bag . It was more expensive to have repaired than buy a new one , so I had to throw it away . Bought the Casio mainly because it has a hard case and it has more than lived up to the punishment of being carted around school in my bag - plus the functionality has impressed me so much more than the HP33s . At a third of the price , I would say this is great value for money .
 I love using this calculator . I used it for over 5 classes now . I have abused it so often I thought it would have died by now . Each time I take it out I am amazed how well it still works . My wife has aTexas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator . Often she will grab my Casio because it is so much easier to use . Also being its solar means no batteries to change , ever.If you want a great calculator for a very good price then this is the one for you !
 I am a big fan of CASIO in general , and I can not say anything bad about this calculator . It has very many features , and the 2 line display is absolutely great . The calculator solves integrals , which is very nice . I recommend anybody to buy this calculator , but please notice that it costs only $ 15 in Circuit City , so you might be better off picking it up from a store.Also it is an accepted calculator at the Fundamentals of Engineering examUPDATE December 2010 , I 'm still using the calculator and I still love it
 This is the third Casio calculator I 've owned.The first one was an FX80 from 1984 or so , the second one was an FX115V from 1992 , and I recently -LRB- 2012 -RRB- got this one.I am very happy with it , but for a veteran like me , it took me some time to get used to the VPAM or Textbook display . In older calculators , for instance to calculate a logarithm , you would first type the number , and then push the log key . On these newer ones , instead , you push log and then the number . The new method is the way you would write the equation -LRB- or find it in a textbook -RRB- , and therefore a more natural way of doing it , but used to older calculators , it did n't come natural to me , and I still have to pay some attention to it to get the keys in the right sequence.Older calculators would also use the AC key to power it on . This one has a separate ON key which is recessed to help prevent accidentally pushing it , but I find myself still pressing the AC key to try to turn it on.Another feature that I do n't quite like is that it will try to show all results as fractions . There is a key labeled S < - > D that you can use to change the display format , but I find myself pressing it too often . It would be nice to have a mode that would show the results in decimal format by default.Now for the parts I like , it has some nice functions , like the possibility of solving simultaneous equations of up to 3 unknowns , quadratic and cubic polynomial roots , some up to 3x3 matrix operations , the possibility of reviewing the whole list of values entered when using statistical functions , calculation of linear regression , etc.Something else I really like -LRB- like in my old FX115V -RRB- is the dual power
 I love this calculator to death . The reason I got it was because my college does not allow us use the graphic calculator . I spent a bit of time view others ' comment of this product before I decided to get it , ends up it was one of my best purchase in Amazon . I highly recommend someone who is looking for perfect calculator at reasonable price to get this one .
 I think this is really one of the best calculators in the world . Infact as an engineer I prefer this too Ti-89s etc. . Its way better than Texas Instruments calculators that are so common . If you get really good with this , it will make you nearly twice as efficient than your counterparts.Im forgetting what other things casio could probably add as useful functions to the calculator . Also just be forewarned that some of the functions that use the newton 's method to calculate stuff can be notoriously wrong . However this is not the calculators fault , rather its the intracrasies of doing it in a calculator instead . Any other calculator might give you the same troubles too.All in all this is one calculator that is most useful , yet legal enough to be allowed in LSATs/SATs etc. etc. and other engineering exams and courses.Get this and you wo n't regret it . Do n't waste your time with other calculators .
 This calculator is very effective and performs alot of very useful calculations including ; matrices , vector calculations , definiete integrals , statistcs-standard deviation and normal distribution . It also has a number of conversions including fractions , unit conversions . I highly recommend it for any high school or college student needing a calculator for a test when graphing calculators are not allowed , this one is the next best option . Not to mention the fact that it is under $ 20 and completely outperforms the TI30XIIS . Definitely a buy .
 The FE Exam allows you to use three specific types of calculators . Comparing all of the calculators I deducted that this calculator was the best because it has the most available functions in addition to unit conversions ; which some of the others do n't offer . For a starter/test scientific calculator I do n't think you can get more functions with this unless you buy a TI-89 -LRB- which I have and is the best calculator I 've had so far -RRB- . PRO 's : -LRB- 1 . -RRB- Lot 's of functions including
 With few options for calculators for the EIT exam , this one delivers . The only thing I found frustrating was the Integration and derivation functions stopped functioning as expected . I had to clear the calculator , basically resetting it to initial use functionality.I 'm still learning all it has to offer , but highly recommend it for anyone taking the EIT exam . As with any tool , learn it 's capabilities as much as possible to use it to it 's full potential .
 I used the Casio fx-300es in my last math class and got an `` A. '' I keep my TI - 83 plus , in my bag if I ever come across a graphing or financial equation . I upgraded from my 300es and purchased both the fx-115es and the EL-W516B for my next math class because it is going to be one of those classes that touches on real life math situations and is very diverse . I read quite a bit on what both calculators offer and there are some very good reviews on both but I wanted to simplify things a little for those that may not understand some of the jargon used for these.The similarities between both are : Both have Write view/textbook displaysDual solar powerGeneral MathPre-AlgebraAlgebra I & IIGeometryTrigonometryStatisticsCalculusBiologyChemistryPhysicsPermitted on the AP , PSAT/NMSQTThe differences are : The EL-W516B works with General Science and Pre-calculus has 556 functions and a 4-line display . The Sharp says that it in addition to the AP , PSAT/NMSQT , it is permitted on the AP Chemestry , AP Physics , SAT I , SAT II Math IC & IIC tests.The fx-115es works with Engineering and 2-line displayThese are the similarities and differences but to find which one is right for you depends on how involved you will be in math and how far you want to go . I hope this helps and good luck in school . Remember , once you are in , grab on and do not let go until you get your college diploma.Update
 I used this product merely for the FE exam , and would recommend it to anyone for this use . It was easy to learn -LRB- I sat with it for about 20 minutes pretest and felt perfectly comfortable with it during the exam -RRB- . Even though I use a TI-89 for classwork , the switch to Casio for the test was no problem . Solid calculator .
 good stuff i lost the same one so i bought one again . that is very good . lol i do n't know what to say
 This is by far one of the best calculators I 've ever used it is very simple and yet very powerful ... it can fool some teachers ...
 I started studying for my PE using the TI-3x that I had sitting around from the FE several years ago . I quickly realized that I needed something that can help me convert and compute complex numbers more quickly . Doing it term-by-term manually was a huge pain . This bad boy can compute in either polar or rectangular and even a mixture of both in the same equation ! This thing is going to save me a TON of time on the exam next month . And it was only about $ 15 ! Really wished I would have started with this one from the beginning .
 I mostly use this calculator as a backup for my graphing calculator . This is a very handy calculator . I like the solar panel in the calculator . It has very handy functions . I mostly use the n-base calculations . It can do integrations and derivations as well . The option to show the answers in fraction is a wonderful function as well .
 I just received this caculator today . I opened the package and began to use it . It is really good for my accounting class . the display is clear and big . You could input what you want and check it back.Strongly recommonded !!! Stella
 bottomline , this calculator is AMAZING . BUY IT just BUY IT . I LOVE IT YOU WILL TOO . IT HAS SAVED MY BUTT SO MANY TIMES . its just great . i bought this calculator from target when i was in 8th grade . im a junior in high school . the battery says to replace it every 3 years , the battery as yet to fail me since
 This is an easy to use calculator . My class has already started and I have not received the textbook yet but I am still able to get assignments done with the help of a friend and this calculator . I had a different scientific calculator for the first math class that I took and it was very difficult to use . This one is easy to understand and use - even though the instructional companion was never sent .
 This calculator is available for use on the FE exam , and I would n't recommend going without it . With the features this bad-boy offers , it almost seems like cheating .
 I followed the reviews , and wow , did not regret it . It is a great calculator once you get the hang of using it . If taking the FE or PE , familiarize yourself with this calculator before the exam , preferably when you start studying for the FE -LRB- ~ 3 months -RRB- . It takes time to get used to this calculator and the manual does not explain really well -LRB- example
 I want to have a calculator with solar power so that I do n't need to care about battery when having an exam . It meets all of my expectations .
 I got this calculator for my FE exam . It does its job very good and I will continue using it for my engineering problems . The only problem that I have seen so fat is that in math mode , the results appear in fraction format which is not very useful . I wish the default format of answers was not fractions . The manual is also difficult to use because it is on a very big piece of paper instead of a small book .
 This calculator is amazing . I am in Calculus 2 this term and it is saving my bacon !!! It even tells you answers in fraction form , witch is amazing when doing trig substitution ! Even if you are aways from calculus and need a calculator ; this is by far the best you will get and it is cheep !!!!
 Bought this a while ago . More like 2 years ago . Have been using it since . Just to give an idea of where I am coming from , I used this calculator when I was doing my master 's in electrical engineering . It has all the basic and advanced mathematical functions for your engineering needs . It will not draw a graph but that is kind of a good thing . Gadgets should be used as an aid to learning not to do my work . Leaving my philosophical comments aside this is a great cheap product , it never failed me and it is still running great , even after not using it for a few months and keeping it out of light . One more point of interest is that of the more advanced and hence more expensive calculators are not allowed to used during exams but this one is fine.I recommend this product if you want the necessary functions with a low cost with none of the frills attached .
 This calculator is great for what I want . I use it to compute antenna lengths from the frequencies that I am using.Also use it to power , resistance , reactance , inductance , and capacitance .
 Awesome calculator you just have to learn how to use it . A simple google search can help you with that .
 This is the best scientific calculator available on the market right now , and I have used several others . It features natural textbook display , convenient dual-power , a 2-line screen with replay , and importantly the ability to solve numerical derivatives and integrals . If you do n't want to spend $ 100 + on a bulky , cumbersome graphing calculator , this is THE scientific calculator to get . I also have a TI Nspire CAS , but for simple everyday calculations I prefer the 115es . Advantages : + Low cost compared to graphing calculators + Small size , low-weight , low-power compared to graphing calculators + Natural textbook display + Complex numbers + Vector calculations + Differentiation and integration!Overall , it is way ahead of the scientific calculator competition.Disadvantages : - Does n't take out trash . -LRB- yes that is so cliche , but I had to -RRB-
 I purchased this to use when I took the Civil Engineering PE exam and I worked great ! The display is nice and crisp and I love the dual power mode operation . My everyday calculator is a TI-89 , but they 're not allowed on the exam and this has just about every feature that I use on the TI-89 except the graphing capability .
 I have been using this calculator for the past few months and for taking the FE exam . It was more than enough calculator for what I needed.The especially useful features that I have found are the different modes of operation -LRB- Matrix , Vector , Complex , etc. . . -RRB- . It makes doing calculations with complex numbers -LRB- which were needed for the Electrical FE and a lot of EE work -RRB- and converting between complex number formats very simple . Also , the equation solver mode is quite handy -LRB- used for solving simultaneous equations -RRB- . It took me a little time to get used to the setup and menus , as I have been a TI user up until recently . But everything that I have needed has been there . A great calculator ... and CHEAP !
 This calculator is loaded with features . The only negative thing I can say is that I may not be smart enough to use them all ! This is an additional calculator to two others I use all the time . One is an HP 35s which in my opinion is one of the best ever made . This one holds its own as a great and useful tool when others just do n't do some of the same functions .
 This calculator is good for imaginary number calculations . It is also easier to use than a TI-30 or 36 since you can punch in all the numbers and equations you want before you hit the `` calculate '' button . I just used it for the Professional Engineer Exam ... it was good ...
 This is the perfect calculator for everything I ever needed , from Algebra I to Honors Calculus.The design is light and nice , the keyboard is great to use and it has all fuctions and even more , such as the convertor . -LRB- In this mode you can easily covert all important units . -RRB- I love this calculator and its way better than those complicated texas instru *** ones .
 I bought this for the EE PE for the sole purpose of using polar and rectangular forms of numbers at the same time . Works like a charm , and I 'm glad I bought it !
 Good price and great service . I received what I ordered in perfect condition and it came earlier than I was told it would come .
 I 've been using this calculator model for a while now . I used to use the FX570MS model but I think Casio discontinued the product.I 'm a new engineer , but I 'd say that this calculator fits engineers and engineering students all the same . At the end of the engineering program in the US , you can typically choose if you want to take the Fundamentals of Engineering -LRB- FE -RRB- exam . I did , and they did n't allow too many calculators to be brought into the examining room . This is one of the allowable calculator , so that 's that.The FX570MS model is very similar to this calculator , which is why I bought this product . I 've been using it since I was in grade school . Regardless , for the price of the calculator , you ca n't really beat it . Most of my classmates use the fancy Texas Instruments calculators that can do fancy calculations and generate complex graphs . Thing is , I can do most of these complex stuff on the computer , and I much prefer to do it on the computer.I think the most important feature of this calculator is the big buttons and the quadratic equation solver . The only thing lacking -LRB- or maybe it 's because I do n't know how to do it on this calculator -RRB- is that it ca n't do matrices operations . I can do matrix operations on my TI-89 , which is $ 100 , but this is only around $ 20 . It 's not really comparable price-wise . The fact that I do n't have to worry about battery life is also another plus . With my TI-89 , I 'm always worried that it might turn off in the middle of an exam and I 'm stuck without a calculator .
 Works just like it should . It 's a calculator so what can you really say about it other then it works properly .
 Exactly as expected ... product perfectly similar to what described ... received the product on time ... Perfect for young and adult engineers ... Covers all the functions required by an engineer ...
 if you study engineering , then you will appreciate to the fullest extent the power and ease of this wonderful calculator . Complex numbers are a thing of the past . Just by hand it would probably take you hours to complete a complex circuit analysis which include inductors e capacitors . Buy it , you wo n't regret it .
 Like many people , I purchased this calculator during my senior year of college because it was one of few allowed to be used in the FE exam . I also owned the TI-83 plus calculator , which I had since highschool and used throughout college.Once I purchased this calculator , however , I quickly fell in love with its simplicity and began to use it instead of the TI-83 plus . The display is great - there are plenty of pixels available for the display . The calculator keeps a long history of past entries , but that history is not kept once the calculator is turned off . This can be problematic , as the calculator will turn itself off after being unused for a period of time . I 've lost some calculations this way that I would have liked to keep . That being said , I am very happy with the calculator . It has just enough features to make it not cumbersome to use , and it provides all of the functionality I need as a working civil engineer at a fraction of the price of the graphing calculator I used for most of high school and college . It is also cheaper to own because it 's solar powered . The ability to convert between decimal degrees and degrees-minutes-seconds is very useful for surveying , and it is lightweight and small enough to make it easy to carry in your pocket or in your hand for making calculations in the field . There 's no reason to spend more on a calculator . Do yourself a favor and buy this one .
 Every thing is good , I used it for my FE exam and it seems working very well BUT the whole A over B answers make no sens to me . Every time I have to change that to a real number .
 Nice calculator , very capable to do a lot of the calculations , matrix , equations solving and so on . Nice one as I use before !
 This is a good calculator for price . Just wish it was a bit more user friendly for some of the alternative functions . But after I read manual , it was ok .
 A scientific calculator is the most useful and make-sense calculator in my opinion . If you demand any heavier duties and functions you are much much better off buying a netbook/tablet instead of those overpriced `` graphing '' calculator . This thing however , has the best balance of function , price and ergonomics.First , it 's pleasant to use . The buttons felt about just right and their surface are silky smooth . I hardly ever miss an input and I press very lightly sometimes . The thing is small enough to be put in any bags you may bring to class . The detachable cover makes the calculator look almost new after months of using and also comfortable to hold.Second , the functions are plenty . Most of the time when I use calculators , it 's about calculation , arithmetic or otherwise . This thing works like just every other Casio calculator and I think Casio has a very efficient system on their calculators . If you want other stuffs , calculus , stats etc , they are there.Third , the price . I am very satisfied with what I get for the price . I knew exactly what to expect and it 's worth every cent of it . I had my previous Casio since middle school and I expect this one to last even longer .
 I always loved the Casio over Texas instruments and this proved me right again . Bought it for my wife who is working on her PhD in Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering - Rocket Science if u will ;--RRB- ... and she is loving it , has no problems at all ! So go ahead & get it - u wo n't be disappointed !
 I like this calculator very much because it gives you the results both in fraction and decimals . You can press SD button to toggle from fraction to decimal or vice versa ; or you can permanently change the mode . Unlike other solar calculators , you do n't have to wait for it to turn itself off , since it has a turn off button , but if you forget to do it , it will be done automaticly for you , after a few minutes . Other functions are just like other scientific calculators , it 's just more advanced . My only complain is the manual that is just like any other Casio and Japanese manuals , they thing everyone is in a calculator making business ! In another word it 's a 72 pages long booklet that 's so complex that you wonder if it 's even written in English ! Nope actually it 's written in the calculators language !
 I 've had my Texas Instruments TI-30X IIS since 2002 when I was in middle school , and this calculator is a much welcomed upgrade . The Casio has a ton of functions but the keypad takes a little getting used to . I really enjoy the display on the calculator . Seems a bit brighter and easier on the eyes .
 I 've never bothered to write a review before even though I purchase stuff from Amazon all the time . I am currently preparing for the EIT/FE exam . This calculator was recommended by Testmasters as the best calculator that is approved by the NCEES for the exam . Man ! Were they ever right!This calculator has been instrumental in reducing the amount of time it takes me to get an answer for a problem . Matrices , vectors , binomials and polynomials , integrals , combinations , base conversions - it does them all very quickly.No one wants to take the EIT/FE more than once ! This calculator gives you a huuugge leg up in attacking the Mathematics portion of the exam . I ca n't imagine taking this test in April without having this calculator by my side . It is so helpful , I almost feel like I 'm cheating!Two words
 i will give this calculator 5/5 starsi am electrical engineering student and for my when some of my professor prevent me from using the graphic calculator -LRB- TI-89 -RRB- in my examsi am using this one instead becasue its contain many option that is very useful for me as engineering
 This calculator is excellent , you can easily enter in fractions and decimals and along with all the basic stuff . The buttons are nicely extruded , easily pushable , and just a light tap will make the calculator register the input . A very useful feature is the fact that you can type in equations , as they look in your textbook . Linear equations can be easily solved by changing the mode . Also , this calculator can give you the coordinates for any equation.Example : Input
 This is the calculator I bought to use for the Fundamentals of Engineering exam I took -LRB- and passed -RRB- in October 2010 . I purchased this particular model based on the strength of the other positive reviews here on Amazon . It was definitely a smart choice ; it 's solar powered , has a lot of features and it is easy on the eyes , so there is little strain when reading the display for long periods of time -LRB- such as the FE exam -RRB- . A word of advice
 It is so helpful for me . I love it when I am doing the hw and exams .
 There 's not much I can say other than `` I love it '' !! lol Its a great calculator for a great price -LRB- bought it for approx . -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks on amazon -RRB- ... fast shipping !!! Got it in 2 days ! This calculator is great for students doing Alevel and CAPE exams .
 It 's 5 bucks cheaper at Target , PLUS you do n't have to pay for shipping , and it wo n't take 2 + weeks to get to you !!! It 's an awesome calculator , tho I have trouble adjusting to the button placement , having always used TI calculators . Amazon took their sweet time getting it to me ; by the time I got it , I did n't need it anymore . So much for getting it by the `` expected arrival date '' or whatever ...
 I ended up buying two . If you need to be able to do more than simple addition & subtraction but do n't need a fully programmable scientific calculator , this one should work just fine .
 After reading the Amazon online review of the Casio FX-115ES , I decided to give it a try for my 13-year-old daughter who just entered the 8th grade . She is taking Alegbra 1 honors . I was a little hesitant since TI seems to be the dominant calculator at her school . She came home from school and was amazed that the calculator would simplify fractions in natural language . For example , she entered 2 divided by 22 and the calculator gave her the answer of 1/11 . Of course , you click one key and it will give you the decimal equivalent . So far , I 'm very happy with the purchase . I did purchase it locally at target for $ 18.99 .
 I THINK THAT THIS CACULATOR IS GREAT FOR HIS PRICE.I BOUGHT ONE AND MY BROTHER TOO.I HAVE TI-30X IIS , BUT I THINK THAT THE CASIO FX-115ES IS BETTER .
 product was as described and was delivered without problemsI use it frequently in my business and it is reliable
 I ca n't really say because the calculator was sent to the wrong address that was my fault . The calculator was delievered at the time expected .
 I agree with other reviews that this calculator perfoms many functions very well , particularly if you 're sitting the FE Exam.However , beware ! I have only had mine a month and the battery died already . The solar -LRB- apparent ` two-way power ' -RRB- panel is way too inadquate and the display just packs in , even under good lighting conditions . OK , I might have bought one with a bad battery , but you 'd expect more out of the dual power panel . In summary you should make sure you have a backup for the exam - it would be a miserable experience to have studied only to be let down by your calculator . I notice that it turns itself off very quickly too after only brief time period , an indicator that the designers know it somehow sucks up power . Ironically I 've had an FS-115s for 18 years without changing the battery , its shame it does n't do vector , matrices and stats !
 powerful , useful , smartbut if you need to take some national exam , with special requirement of calculator , do check first before buy it
 J'ai achet&eacute; cette calculatrice pour mon fils &agrave; l' &eacute;cole . Il semble faire un tr&egrave;s bon travail &agrave; un prix raisonnable .
 As an IT major I have to take a physics class . I needed a calculator , but one that was different from the one other students had . I wanted something unique , but that did more than the basic calculator . I did my research and found this one . It is very impressive , and for it 's price it 's a wonderful scientific calculator . It has a double line reading , which makes this calculator ideal for advanced calculations . My instructor was very impressed with it . Almost everyone in class uses a Texas Insterment calculator , but my new Casio is the envy of the class . It 's a little bigger than I expected , and very complex if you do n't read the instructions . -LRB- Please get familar with it 's instructions , and you 'll be amazed with what you can do . -RRB- I would certainly recommend this calculator , because years down the road , I 'll always have a use for this product .
 I bought this specific calculator because of the buttons being non bubble or rounded off on the edges . It feels great in your hand and the buttons , although a little bit different from the texas instrument models are very convenient and make life easier during exams when you do n't have to waste precious time !
 Definitely love it ! the keys are very responsive , easy to press , and it does almost anything besides graphs . Operation is super easy . The solar power is also a plus , so you wont run out of battery during the middle of the exam .
 This calculator is by far my favorite - it is cheap , easy to use , natural looking , filled with a TON of useful features , and just plain handy . It is made of cheap plastic and I never expected it would last the 2 years or so I 've owned it , but so far it shows almost no wear whatsoever . I constantly use it to solve cubic and quadratic equations , various trig problems , and everything else you 'd expect a calculator to do.My biggest gripes are purely laziness gripes . I wish it could do indefinite integrals and differentiations . I am sooooo lazy sometimes . I also wish the matrices could be loaded larger than 3x3 . These are worth maybe half a star , but we ca n't do that , so ... All in all , best calc for the money . Ever .
 This Casio FX-115ES calculator came highly recommended by my son 's geometry teacher and it has proven to be a good choice . The calculator has an intuitive layout that makes accessing functions very easy and the 2-line display is convenient for entering long equations and reading the solutions.This is a very powerful calculator and is also a fairly good value!Highly Recommended!CFH
 I love this this calculator ! It came on time and it was just what I was looking for.The price is decent for this type of calculator .
 The natural display and standard answers are a great thing . This calculator does require you to spend some time to learn how to use it properly . Once you do that , anything math related becomes far easier!A tip for anyone with this calculator , learn to love the fraction -LRB- just below CALC -RRB- and the S < - > D buttons !
 The calculator is pretty nice . It shows answers with radicals and fractions , and can be toggled to decimals whenever needed .
 As a retired electrical engineer , I 've been working with calculations for a long time . This calculator is infinitely more powerful than my old slide rule for a fraction of the price . I like the idea of having two power sources -LRB- solar with battery backup -RRB- . Hopefully , that will extend the life of the calculator , because if the solar goes bad , you have the option of still using the calculator with batteries . I did find that many functions are not intuitive though . So keep the user manual handy .
 I bought this calculator for the PE exam . I 've been using a TI-89 for the last 8 years or so . It took a while to get used to the casio but after a while I found that it was actually easier to use than my TI-89 for most operations . It is capable of integration , differentiation , and solving basic simultaneous equations . All in all this calculator is well worth it 's relatively low price tag .
 If you 're wondering which calculator to buy for the FE exam . Get this one -LRB- Casio-115ES -RRB- . In comparison with all the other calculators out there , this one does the most for you . Make sure to buy the `` ES '' and not the other model . This calculator can do more functions -LRB- for example
 First of all , the Amazon price is ripping you off , the suggested retail price on this calculator is less a little under $ 20 from the makers ; suggested retail prices are usually the highest price you will ever pay for something . That being said , this truly is a great calculator , with a few pet peeves
 Not all scientific calculators are created equal
 I bought this calculator in 9th grade for Geometry and it was n't really a huge help . It had cos , sin , tan , and all that stuff , but it was n't anything special or anything . Geometry was mostly just memorizing the rules.However , 10th grade came along with Algebra 2 and this calculator helped immensely.I love the 2 line format and how it types out like how you would write in down on paper . It 's really easy to go back and look for silly mistakes , like + / - . A great calculator that makes fractions in fractions so much easier .
 For the cost and it 's Natural Textbook display you ca n't beat this calculator . Yes the TI84 does more but everything on the TI84 is buried and a pain to get to . To get the natural textbook display for the TI84 , I had to go through the hassle of downloading the newest OS and even then you do n't get the look and it 's not automatic . Square roots on the FX115ES are GREAT ! TI84 SUCK ! The cassio has the SD -LRB- I guess stands for switch display -RRB- button that the TI84 does n't even have . OK if you 're into the higher level maths then you do n't need the text book display but for us common folk , it sure is nice . So if you are taking a lower level math class and do n't need to `` Graph '' then buy this calculator . You 'll save yourself about $ 90 .
 After getting a little hands-on experience with all the calculators allowed on the FE exam , I was impressed by this one . It easily gives the HPs a run for their money , and at half the price.-The display is fantastic , functions are easy to read and edit-Common functions are accessed easily-Easy-to-use equation solving and stats functions-Exact -LRB- irrational -RRB- and approximate answers , and easy to switch between themBasically this is the next best thing to my TI-89 . The only downside is that the manual is an affront to God and Nature . I mean really . Seriously ? _ This _ is what you give me ? A gigantic fold-out , like what I 'd imagine I 'd receive with a watch manufactured by the devil himself ? Just put the PDF online -LRB- actually , they have -RRB- and save trees . Do n't even unfold it , just chuck it straight in the trash.But really , how often do you even use the manual after you 've gotten through the basics ? I do n't remember the last time I opened it for my TI-89 . So I 'll leave it at five stars.Also , the fact that the FX-115MS is currently selling for only two dollars less than this is astounding to me . This would be the best two dollars you ever spend .
 Now that many , if not all , of the TI/HP graphing calculators are banned from standardized exams , scientific calculators are generally approved for use . The HP 33/35 are overpriced calculators , and the TI-30XS MultiView is too basic of a calculator . The FX-115ES includes many features like differentials , integration , matrices -LRB- albeit only up to 3x3 matrices -RRB- , `` pretty print '' or math print -LRB- where fractions are displayed like fractions in a textbook , and has a dual power system -LRB- solar power and batteries -RRB- . The instruction pamphlet is large and unwieldy . TI at least includes a `` booklet '' , while the Casio instructions are printed on a huge foldout sheet that is easily torn or lost . The ON/OFF controls for the FX-115ES are unintuitive . To turn ON the calculator , you must press a special ON button . To turn it off , you press SHIFT + AC . I instinctively hit AC to try to turn on the calculator since my old Casio scientifics all turned on in this manner . Why did they change this ? The Casio also takes getting used to for TI graphing calculator users . I 've used my TI-86 and TI-89 for nearly a decade and now I am forced to get acquainted with the Casio . It 's not difficult but it is almost like learning a new keyboard layout . The screen text/font is also too large . While it offers a 2-line display , it really is useless for scrolling back . I am more used to the multi-line display of a TI-86 / TI-89 where you can see 3-4 previous problems at a single time . They could have tried and squeezed more lines of text , but this is just a minor inconvenience . The protective cover also requires extra care to slide into place . It is not as positive or easy to use as a TI graphing calculator cover . They should have extended the tracks instead of making a curved design.Pros
 I bought two of these calculators for the October 2006 PE exam , which I passed . I was very impressed with the capabilities of this inexpensive calculator - it did everything I would want for the exam , except perhaps being able to store pre-programmed equations , like the HP-33s . I had been using a TI 36X solar , and the added functions and display size of the Casio shaved quite a bit of time off my computations . I use it daily at work now . -LRB- Though I have already ordered the new HP 35s - I just could n't resist ! Any engineer who went through school using one knows that an HP RPN calculator is a `` real '' calculator ! -RRB- Warning - this calculator is no longer allowed in the PE exams by NCEES . I have no idea why . But , the similar 115 `` MS '' model is still allowed , and is presumably the same calculator as the ES .
 My engineering classes do n't allow for the TI-83 ,86,89 . So I needed a calculator that allowed for matrix reduction , basic vector manipulation , and single variable integration for my engineering class . The matrix reduction capabilities has been a major time saver especially on tests , particularly for solving systems of linear equations especially in my Statics , Dynamics , and Strength of Materials Class . The `` 2-Line Natural Textbook Display '' prevents me from getting lost in a calculation with multiple parenthetically nested expressions and is a must have . The `` scrolling '' ability to grab values from previous calculations saves time and preserves accuracy , very nice . The only thing preventing a 5 star rating is that I thought the exterior design make is awkward to use at times , but that is because I 'm used to square calculators . Also I would have like this model offered in black .
 I love using this calculator . I used it for over 5 classes now . I have abused it so often I thought it would have died by now . Each time I take it out I am amazed how well it still works . My wife has aTexas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator . Often she will grab my Casio because it is so much easier to use . Also being its solar means no batteries to change , ever.If you want a great calculator for a very good price then this is the one for you !
 I bought this set of pens from a Staples -LRB- I think -RRB- . I quickly realized that I was n't going to ever lose track of them . They are awesome . The tip is super durable , fine writing . I use them for writing on plans , labels , and anything else I need to write fine and permanent . I use these nearly daily , and I have n't ran out of ink , and they wo n't dry out . If they do they seem to self prime , and you can get them going again . They say they are even refillable on the case . But for $ 11 , you ca n't beat them.They are by far my favorite felt tips .
 I used these all the time in the army , for rosters , packing lists , maps , etc. . The `` permanent '' pens will write on laminate and come off with the eraser pen , the staedler eraser , or alcohol pads . Wo n't wipe off when you place the writing in you pocket or if it gets a little wet . I plan to use them on constuction sites when writing on laminated maps , etcs . So if you 're looking for the pens you used in the military , these are it . I do n't think I 've ever seen them sold in any store .
 Staedtler 's permanent markers are much better than the ubiquitous Sharpies that are usually the only choice available in American office supply stores . These Staedtlers have a cleaner tip and they smell less noxious than Sharpies . They also seem to have a color that fades less . I originally bought Staedtlers when I lived in Europe and was very impressed . -LRB- These Staedtler pens are made in Germany -RRB- Drove all over trying to find them here in America , to no avail . Easier to just order them online from Amazon . They 're only pens , but they 're a cut above the rest and inexpensive .
 Hands down , these are the best markers ever . Like some of the other reviewer , I found them in Europe . Here are some cool features not mentioned enough :1 . They are fine pointed . The tips do not deform with time . I have had my set for about 4 years and they still write very cleanly .2 . The sturdy clear plastic case folds open so that it props up into a little stand . This is nice when I am switching between colors . I can easily pull out and replace the pens .3 . The leakproof case can fit into a shirt pocket or purse without the pens going all over.I found them last year at Staples , but they no longer carry them . These make great little graduation gifts so I got several online.On note
 These cute markers leave sharp lines on every surface the colors are bright and fidelity .
 This pens are absolutely amazing . They dry extremely fast , they write on basically anything and they are extremely permanent . I have used these pens for four years and they are by far better than Sharpies in every sense .
 I bought these because the sharpie markers smudged when signing shiny baseball cards . These work great and no smudges . Very hard to find in stores and not sure why as they are much better than sharpies imo .
 I 've been using these pens since I started teaching . I am in ministry now , but still use them for planning calendars . They are great .
 JUST GREAT AND WILL MAKE A GREAT GIFT FOR MY MOM WHO LIKES SHARP POINTED PENS THAT ARE HARD TO FIND
 Best part is with the Lumocolor correction pen , this is n't permanent after all . The case makes a good holder and stand - a definite bonus .
 These are the best permanent markers I 've ever used . I have used them to mark on glass , plastic , all kinds of tape , labels , etc. . I was never able to wash off the ink with soap and water , but rubbing alcohol will remove the ink . Since they are a little hard to find , I save them for applications where the markings will be subjected to a lot of washing or rubbing , or in cases where the marks absolutely must stay put.The markers also last a really long time if taken care of properly . I bought a set of these pens over 10 years ago , and one of these markers still works ! The other three eventually ran out of ink . Overall , I highly recommend them .
 This is a high quality set that looks very professional on a desktop . The pen/pencil are beautifully balanced and write smoothly . It looks very classy and makes a great corporate or personal gift .
 Great typewriter . Bought it for work as we have to complete several forms that -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- ca n't be filled out on a computer . It seems that no one sells typewriters any more . We still use an Adler from circa 1980 , it 's heavily used and still working . Hope this one lasts just as long .
 This is almost exactly the same typewriter that we needed to replace after 12 + years . It is heavy duty with all the features needed a decade ago . We are still very happy with the features of this model . This is for use in an university administrative office that is about 20 years behind the times and still uses 5-page , NCR forms that must be typed ! Only a few forms are now availble to us online so this typewriter will need to last us awhile ...
 AT&T ; Speakerphone 927AT & T ; 927 Corded Speakerphone is a phenomenal buy ! I am on alot of conference calls and my clients tell me that I sound very clear.Best phone I have had if I am honest ! For once , I did n't have to pay hundreds versus 20.00 bucks and change ! B A R G A I N !!!!
 Sound through the speakerphone varies based on how loud an automated attendant is . At first , I thought this was due to poor quality in the phone . The microphone hears really well . I like the handset for the AT&T ; 210 Trimline better , but this is a good phone .5 / 16/11 Picked it up today , has a dial-tone in both handset and speakerphone , but wo n't dial out -LRB- touch tone or pulse -RRB- . Only lasted 4.4 years . Disappointed .
 Good little phone for the money . Plenty of features . Not the greatest handset but okay for the price.Seller shipped fast , and item worked perfect !
 This speaker phone is perfect for me
 I love this phone . I was considering a $ 200 Polycom Voicestation , but after reading the reviews on this phone , I ordered one . After trying it , I ordered three more -LRB- and I noticed that shipping charges drop dramatically for additional phones ordered together -RRB- . Unlike most inexpensive speakerphones , the microphone and speaker are crystal clear . They are handset quality , except that background noise or simplex protocol , can cause momentary interruptions . In practice , I have not found that to be serious problem . I can always pick up the handset if the evironment requires it.The fact that this phone does not require an external power adaptor is a major plus ! That is a rare feature on corded speakerphones . I have the phone on a long phone extension cord , that allows me to carry the phone from room to room . The range of the microphone is limited , but with the extension cord , I can keep the phone near me as I wander about the house doing things -LRB- with both of my hands and my shoulder free ! -RRB- . I would have preferred a snugger fitting handset cradle . The handset sits loosely on the phone , and can be accidentally knocked off the hook , especially if the phone is not on a piece of furniture.The touch tones have a slow loudness attack and decay , especially as you type additional digits . At first , I found I found this disconcerting , but quickly discovered that the tones themselves were more accurate than other ATT&T ; phones that had a crisper tone start and stop . Thus the phone was easier to use than other phones when keying in passcodes , account numbers and menu selections when calling automated services.All in all , this phone is an excellent dollar value.UPDATE
 In our part of Southern California the power is unreliable and goes out often . We have a back-up generator for the times the power is out for hours -LRB- or occasionally days -RRB- . When the power first goes out we need to call the electric company and of course our cordless phones do not work . That 's why we have this phone . It does the trick . My wife calls the power company while I get the portable generator started .
 These get the job done . They are plastic , look like the picture , and help to keep the pages in my 3-ring binder from bunching up . I was a bit disappointed because a couple of the other reviewers mentioned getting more than 2 in their shipment . Not this time . I paid for the 2 piece set , I got the 2 piece set , no more , no less .
 Works well in photo albums and loose-leaf binders . I use a pair in all of my binders and albums for myhome office to prevent pages from slipping and curling .
 It took me awhile to find these , as I did not know what to call them ! I have several binders that use the clear protector pages in them . If you have n't worked with those before , then you would n't know that it 's a pain to get them to shift to the backside of the binder ring when you close the binder . Bring in sheet lifters . You place one in the front of the binder so that when you close it , it shifts all the pages such that they lay flat in the binder . It makes it SO much better . I ended up buying a few sets . This brand seems well-constructed and sturdy , so I 'm not worried about longevity . For people that say they feel flimsy - I ask , compared to what ? And what are you doing to them that would cause them to break ?!?
 I could never find these sheet lifters -LRB- or guards -RRB- when buying three-ring binders at the local office-supply store . I tended to reuse the same lifters/guards for years . However , the Wilson Jones products solves my shortage for the foreseeable future . Each package includes TWENTY -LRB- 20 -RRB- sheet lifters . The black , matte plastic lifters look like boomerangs . Solid purchase and low-low price .
 Note that there are TWENTY 20 lifters per pack . I now have a ten year 's supply . One box should be more than enough .
 great wall phone , It is not easy to get and old fashion wall phone , this one fits the bill ! great , close to the wall , not out by inches , Great product ! The again it ` s a Panasonic !
 The fax machine , phone and answering machine is very easy to use . Utilizing the speaker phone while typing in fax # 's is convenient . I am not very happy with incoming faxes though . They tend to not print clearly or dark enough , even after adjustments . If I had to do it again I think I would have bought one that had a real ink printer .
 THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE OPERATION OF THE FAX ARE HARD TO FOLLOW , AND SO FAR I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO HAVE THE FAX MACHINE AND THE OUTSIDE ANSWERING MACHINE TO COEXIST IN PEACE
 Seems to be a pretty good outfit answering machine works good , Have n't faxed with it yet so do n't know how it will do , Plain paper is fine but ink container a little expensive .
 Well packed with an excellent manual . All functions work well . Overall a very nice unit .
 this is a great fax , answering machine , copier etc. ... for the home office . For the price you ca n't beat it . So far no problems .
 Man ! This unit uses a lot of fax film . Get extra rolls . Great for the pager feature and other functions . Faxes fine .
 It was difficult finding an all in one fax and answering machine , so there were not alot of choices . This one is good looking , small and easy to operate . I 'm having difficulty with the print and too many pages going through , however , I think it is my paper quality and am sure when I get the suggested paper it will be fine . My paper now is too thick . I like it and I think it was a good price .
 The machine is a little complicated to set up , but seems to be fairly easy to operate.No problems so far and sound quality is very good .
 We bought this fax because of its slim design compared to larger faxes as well as its price . We have had no problems , works flawlessly . We love the size and ease of using the machine . Would recommend this to anyone in need of a fax in a small space , home or office or anywhere you may need one . There great to have in the house just in case you ever need to fax anything .
 I have had to use a number of more expensive fax machines at my former job . This outperforms even those that were hundreds of dollars more .
 The display should be illuminated . -LRB- LCD -RRB- The messages are hard to read.Very good machine for the price.If something should happened to it I would buy again the same model .
 I recently bought Panasonic Fax KX-FP 145 and am quite happy with it . On the downside it has an overly comlicated speed-dial function . Also , in order to listen to messages on the answering machine , you need to press a PLAY button which is not located next to the flashing indicator light - if you press the button that is next to the flashing light , the answering machine function will be turned off ; Not very intuitive , and a deviation from the layout of older Panasonic models . I also do n't like that the display keeps showing me how many new calls it has received since whenever - just a useless number that keeps going up . Slightly too many functions for a residential user . But it looks good , and has a small footprint .
 This is the second Panasonic Fax machine I have had and it is even better than my other which was several years old . My other did not have the answering machine built in like this one and I really like it . It is easy to navigate in all functions .
 Panasonic never lets me down , of all the things working in my apt that have been around for years , its the panasonics . No doubt this brand will go out of business cause its so good and not making money because their products are rock solid and last so long . I love this fax mahine , it was cheap , and it rocks . Ive had it for like 3 years now I think so far . Its a great phone and fax . It has tons of features . I actually dropped it and it still works . Its taken abuse and still works . I will continue to buy their products , they are the best brand out there .
 A basic desk/wall phone . Nice clean lines.Ringer
 This telephone produces good sound , and its pushbutton keys work smoothly . The autodial functions are easy to program . The unit is lightweight , however , and susceptible to being knocked off the table , but on the whole I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 I bought this as a gift for my Mom . She also has a cordless phone but when her old corded phone died , she needed a new one . A corded phone is a must-have during a power outage . Very important feature on this phone is that you can pick either touch tone or pulse -LRB- she needs pulse as she does not subscribe to touch-tone service -RRB- . Not every corded phone gives you this option - I found that out when I had to return one to a local store because it was touch tone ONLY . I am usually pleased with Panasonic products and this phone seems to be a very good buy at a very good price . It works well and my Mom is happy with it .
 I was pleasantly surprised when I received this phone . It 's clear as a bell , easy to use , just exactly what I was looking for . It arrived in just a few days after I placed my order . Good work Amazon.com !
 ITS A BLACK PHONE AND IT RINGS , I CAN TALK ON IT AND ANSWER CALLS . NOT MUCH TO SAY ABOUT THIS PHONE , IT WORKS .
 Has good quality sound like most panasonic phones . This type of corded phone is necessary when electricity fails .
 For everybody wondering on the amount of key tags `` 40 in total `` It seems that it is something important to include in the item description before purchaseHope that this Info is helpful
 I have a dozen or more keys . My house , my shed , my neighbors ' houses , etc.These key tags look exactly like the web-site picture . They are sturdy , the key rings are large enough for the tag and a few keys , the quality of the plastic is good enough that none have broken since I bought these.They arrived in a plastic bag , but it 's adequate for this kind of purchase.If you decide to become all organized and sort out all of your keys , this is a good choice !
 One problem ... you have to take out the key ring to remove the little paper from inside ... Kind of a pain if you ask me . Especially if you order 40 of these at a time -LRB- which is how many come - as per reviewer below -RRB- . But to have to take off the key ring and put it back on for every one ... may be just too much . Too time consuming.Other than that they were good though .
 We use these in a lot of things , they fit in all the key cabinets that we have . They are easy to read . Really , you ca n't get any better ...
 Searched long time for this item . Best price found . Less than half of other stores . Prompt delivery .
 I think the clear point mechanical pencils are awesome . They work really well . They have a very good eraser and grip . They last along time and they are more comfortable than more expensive other paper mate mechanical pencils . They also come in many different colors and have two lead sizes :0.5 mm lead and 0.7 mm lead . I prefer the 0.7 mm lead vs. 0.5 mm lead because it does not snap as easily . The 0.5 mm lead pencils come in darker colors such as olive green , gray , navy blue , and red . The 0.7 mm lead come in brighter colors such as , turquoise , lime green , purple , and bright pink . I think everyone should use the clear points . PURCHASE AT WALMART OR TARGET -LRB- MAYBE STAPLES OR OFFICE DEPOT -RRB-
 If you study and/or teach the classics , as I do , then you 'll likely enjoy the caricatures put out by Literary Luminaries . I have a Literary Luminaries poster of Mark Twain -LRB- complete with a comically long , white mustache -RRB- in my classroom , and I recently bought these Emily Dickinson note cards as thank you notes for my fellow English teachers . I feel that Literary Luminaries capture the essence , the wit and spirit , of each writer in a way that old paintings and photographs often do not.Since there is only one known photograph of Dickinson taken when she was a mere sixteen years old , it 's nice to see artists imagining a more confident , softer , humorous Dickinson , one that hints at the audacity of her clever , difficult , and always stunning poetry . I think the golds and greens in the portrait are especially fitting since these colors often show up in her work . The cards are blank inside , so you can add your lines from your favorite Dickinson poem ; since she wrote 1 , 789 poems in all , there is , needless to say , a great deal to choose from .
 I have had this phone for about a year and a half , and so far , I have been satisfied with it . I like that it is full-sized and is heavy enough to feel substantial . It can store 10 numbers in the re-dial menu and 50 in the caller ID and in the phonebook . I have become so dependant on these features that I have no idea what my best friends phone numbers are . My hussband also gets a lot of entertainment from being able to change the phone 's ringtones and the screen 's wallpaper.I have never had a problem with interference , like all the cordless phones from my chilhood did , and the range is good enough that I can walk over to my neighbor 's front yard with no problem.I have 2 complaints about this phone . The first is that it seems to be top heavy . A lot of times when I 'm in a hurry I will put the phone down on the counter and it falls over . I finally managed to break one of my handsets by dropping it one too many times.My other complaint is that it beeps loudly everytime it reconnects with the base station after losing power , and there is no way to turn this feature off . Now , this may not be a problem for most people , but I live in Central Florida , where we have power surges several times a day -LRB- and night -RRB- during the summer . And every time the power surges at night time , all my phones beep and give me a rude awakening.So other than my relatively minor complaints with this phone , I have been satisfied with it and I would definitely reccomend it .
 These are great phones because they use rechargeable AA batteries ... no more searching for odd ball batteries !! You can get these at the grocery store ... I have these phones in every room and the base holds 2 batteries and charges them so you always have batteries ready to go . They have held up to my busy and klutzy family 's abuse .
 These phones are great . I have never had a problem in the 4 years that I have had them . The price was less than half of everywhere else .
 VTech i5803 Accessory Handset for i5800-Series Expandable PhonesProduct was received in a timely manner and exactly what I asked for .
 Love this set of phones . Can add phones for other rooms in house . Good quality sound . Works great with headset !! Recommend .
 This was a replacement for a handset that mysteriously died . I think that the water inside was probably the reason :-RRB- Anyway , it the base unit found it right away and it seems to be working fine . I just need to figure out how to waterproof this one ...
 This is a great phone . I already have the base and needed a replacement handset - mine wore out after 4 years of continuous use in a business . Great phone .
 Solid phone - inexpensive , works well . If you have the vtech system , this is a great choice for adding a phone where it 's convenient - not where you have a phone jack .
 I have very pleased with this purchase . Great price any very easy to setup . I have had no sound quality issues .
 Lasted through a tough life here at the bakery , they have great features and a long range . My only issues
 I love these phones ! We have had them for over 2 years now . Its great that you can plug the extensions in anywhere and do n't need a phone jack . We have 6 hand sets . Out door range and reception are excellent .
 I purchased the i5803 accessory handset to add to my existing system . The integration was seamless . I now have four handsets on the system and they all work just fine.This is the longest I 've ever owned a wireless phone system and I 'm very satisfied with it .
 Just what I wanted ! Just what I ordered ! Brand new still in the box ! THANK YOU ...
 I initially bought one phone and the one base station . Over the years I have added a couple of phones and have been very satisfied with reception , sound and ease of use of the phones . I would recommend the system to anybody . The extra phones work well either downstairs or out in the yard with little or no interferrence . Although I know there is higher tech stuff out their I am satisfied with this product for our needs .
 bought this additional phone to add to my existing V-tech set , just plugged it in , it was recognized my the phone system , it registered and was off and calling !
 I purchased an additional handset for my VTech i5800-Series Expandable Phone System . I shopped and shopped for a new answering machine and finally decided to buy the VTech Expandale Phone System . It came with an answering machine , base set and two portable phones with chargers . The phones have various programable features and are easy to use , easy to read and work great . This system has proved to be reliable and dependable . Recently I decided to replace an older corded phone I had been using on a phone jack . After using the portable phones , I wanted this convenience throughout my house . I was able to to purchase a third phone and charger from Amazon.com and the purchase process was easy and quick . I received the extra phone and charger not very many days later and have been using it since . Great phone system . If I happen to decide to add another phone , I will certainly purchase another phone from Amazon.com
 Works , exactly like it is supposed to . Good battery life , good range , good sound quality . I have 3 of them , I never -LRB- well hardly ever -RRB- have to go looking for a handset.I would buy them again .
 I ca n't tell you about service or support because I never had a problem with my V-Tech phones and have been a loyal customer for 15 years.What I love about this phone .1 -RRB- The handset uses regular rechargible AA batteries . No more searching for the right type of battery .2 -RRB- larger than previous models I have owned . As a result I drop it less , and I lose it less often .3 -RRB- Easy set up I never touched the manual4 -RRB- Flashing LED in handset when I have a message . You would not believe how many times this has helped me find the phone in a dark room at the end of the day . I used to own 4-5 handsets because they kept getting misplaced .5 -RRB- Price . This is almost a disposible item .6 -RRB- Without the manual I set up a customised ring tone for my family members . I know when they are calling before I see the caller ID.Im going to rate it a 5 because I think some of the other reviewers were a little unfair . In reality it is probably a 4 . A 5 in my opinion would make the bed and scratch my back.Now you got to ask why did I upgrade my previous phones if the V-tech phones are so good ? My house got struck by lightning and anything that was connected to a phone line was smoking and stopped working -LRB- doorbell , alarm , phone , and washing machine -RRB- . Fortunately there was no fire and no one was hurt .
 When my batteries started to fade away in my GE 900 MHz I decided it was time to start researching new cordless phones . I knew I wanted cordless 5.4 mhz phones because I have a wireless home computer network plus I knew I wanted an expandable phone system.During my first few searches at various stores I found all the newer cordless phones to be too small . Now I know the designers want them look like cell phones but this is a home phone and I wo n't be putting it in my pockets.I also found that many of the cordless phones looked and felt cheap.Finally I came across the VTech i5800 cordless phone series , it met my two biggest shopping points and more . I purchased the VTech i5800 cordless phone base unit that features an answering machine with three mail boxes and a very nice pre-recorded voice message , a color LCD menu screen that works just like a cell phone with a phonebook , call log , tools , ring tones , etc. . You can upload photos from your PC that display on the LCD when the person in the photo calls provided you have caller ID.The base unit is the only handset that needs to be connected to a phone line , the added handsets only needs an AC plug for the charging base.The handsets are larger , feel heavy and solid . They are easy to program and it is fairly easy to learn all the features . Although I have yet to be able to transfer a call from one hand set to another without hanging up on the caller.The best feature about this Vtech set is the fact that they use regular rechargeable batteries . No need to worry if your phone 's battery will always be available for replacement.As for call quality , sound , etc. . No complaints . I would recommend this phone system .
 I had a 3 phone system and one of the units failed after a year and a half use . I replaced it with two more handsets . I have two complaints with these units - you can not upload or transmit your directory list and this list is limited to 50 numbers . Other than that , and the failure -LRB- it would no longer recognize the base station i.d. -RRB- , these work for me .
 We own a base unit and 2 accessory handsets . They communicate flawlessly and the range is fantastic . We walk down the street to the corner -LRB- 700ft away -RRB- and the phone is still connected.Most impressive , I ran over one of the handsets with my SUV and although it was scratched , it continued to function just as flawlessly .
 My family already owned four of these phones in my house and loves them . My sister recorded her own voice so when they ring my parents know its her . I bought one because of the long battery life and compatibility to the other phones in the house . There are newer versions of this phone which have the color and a little more flare but personally I do not need the bells and whistles in a phone .
 I have had these phone hand sets for over 10 years but the 2 that are used the most started giving us trouble with the key buttons . I did not want a new phone system and looked for new ones in the store but they do not sell this kind anymore . I was real happy that I found them on Amazon . I put the old ones in the house where we could still use them but not often and replaced them with the new hand sets . Each handset works off the main station . All you have to do is plug the charger in a wall socket for each handset . You only need one phone connection for the base . I now have 6 handsets working in my home . Each one will hold 50 telephone numbers , has caller ID and can be used as an intercom between all the handsets . I love these phones and am so glad that Amazon had them .
 I purchased three more handsets for my i5800 VTech phone system . I now have five handsets with one base . I own a two story house with a large yard and am able to reach the base from all areas of my property . I also like the ablility to use the intercom functionality and the transfer ability of calls from one handset to another . The speaker phone is also one of the best I have used in a handset . I highly recommend this phone system .
 This is an excellent telephone system . I now have 3 handsets for it and the base station and handset are used constantly in the week as I work from home . In particular the hands free loudspeaker phone feature on both the base station and the hand sets works flawlessly , excellent for conference calls.I strongly recommend this unit .
 These are great dry erase markers for kids.We all know how much kids can abuse markers , so I wanted to get a cheap set that would n't be ruined right away , and would be easier for my little ones to use . These are perfect for smaller hands , and in bright colors that kids like . The tip is bigger than it appears in the picture , and has withstood my kids abuse thus far . The erasers on the end are a nice touch and work pretty well , however they are obviously not meant for erasing the entire board.I would not recommend these for office use/large board use however . They are too small for that , and would run out quickly . I could see these being good for use with a projector or a dry erase calender , but these are not the big , longer lasting chisel tip markers . These would be good for occasional use on a smaller board.I do n't see these lasting forever , but for the price they ca n't be beat .
 These tiny markers are cute and fun , and they are convenient as well , since they have a magnet included and will thus stick to your magnetic whiteboard . They even have a tiny foam sponge eraser . The colors are bright , the ink is readable , and it 's fun to color-code your whiteboard.Here 's the important question
 These markers are smaller than I expected , -LRB- SEE PICTURE -RRB- but then again there are some pretty compact dry erase boards for use in lockers , on refrigerators , etc.Including the sizable cap , these are just shy of 4-3/4 inches long . The line they lay down is quite narrow , about 1/32 '' wide , so you 're not going to use these if your audience is more than about 3-4 feet from the board.The magnets are OK for keeping the pen in the tip up or down position - if you put them on the fridge sideways they will spin around and fall off.The colors are quite vibrant though the yellow , not surprisingly , was hard to read.For larger boards I 'd suggest theBoard Dudes Double-Sided Magnetic Dry Erase Markers , 4 Packs -LRB- 14002UA-24 -RRB-
 Short pens like this are supposed to encourage children to properly hold writing utensils . They have worked well for us in serving that purpose and helping my child practice his writing and drawing skills on a dry erase board .
 Great product for its price . Markers last a decent amount of time . Not as good quality as an expo marker but will do if you are using for a dorm room or something simple . The eraser , magnet , marker combo is fantastic . The colors are vivid and bright .
 My daughter got aMelissa & Doug Deluxe Standing Easelfor Christmas . I was looking for something to work with the dry erase board side that was n't too smelly . I bought these andCrayola 8ct Dry Erase Crayons Large Size . Both work well , but the crayons have a tendency to be wasted on the paper because they look too much like regular crayons . These markers have the eraser attached to the lid and she can tell a definite difference between them and `` regular '' markers so there is no wasted expensive ink on paper . When they dry up , I will definitely buy more .
 There 's only so much you can say about dry-erase markers . With that caveat out of the way , these are pretty decent ones . Points are very fine , which is helpful if things on your board become crowded . The color selection is nice -LRB- although the yellow is a bit hard to see -RRB- . The pigment dries very quickly so that you can erase as quickly as you write . Each end-cap also doubles as an eraser.The magnets themselves are n't quite as grippy as they need to be
 We use a lot of dry erase markers in our family 's homeschool . The last set I triedExpo Washable Bullet Tip Dry Erase Markers , 6 Colored Markers -RRB- was a complete disaster as they stained my whiteboard and it took rubbing alcohol to clean it . Fortunately I did n't have that problem with these Quartet ReWritables ! The orange one did leave a bit of residue when I erased it with the eraser on the tip of the marker . However , it came off easily when I used the spray cleaner.The one thing that surprised me was that the colors of the inks looked darker on the whiteboard than I had been expecting from the colors on the markers . That 's not really a bad thing , however , as the darker colors make the writing easier to see.I will definitely be choosing these in the future over the terrible Expo Washables .
 So far I am very happy with these dry-erase mini markers . I wanted them primarily for desk-top use at the office -LRB- I have a small dry-erase jot board and a desktop dry-erase calendar as well . With other markers I 've tried , even those claiming to be ` fine tipped ' , I 've found it difficult to write in small clear print ; these mini-markers have a very fine tip , making them ideal for small writing . The cap-mounted erasers are very handy and provide a quick and clean erasure of the board without having to keep tissues or paper towels on hand . All in all , a very handy desk supply ... and in bright fun colors too !
 This darling little set of markers is not only cute but practical . The magnets stick well to my fridge right next to my white board . They 're packaged in a reusable clear plastic holder for easy transport . Some have complained about the yellow . It was fine in my book . I did think the orange was n't as vibrant as I 'd hoped - more apricot than super bright . Be aware that this is a very fine point set so they would n't work well for large visual presentations . The erasers pop off pretty easily - easy to lose and I would n't recommend them for small children . If you do glue the eraser part in , you 'll get half the wear time ... but it might be worth it to keep your little ones entertained .
 i like the colors , purple is my fave , comes with a little eraser on each marker that works great and convinient ... would highly reccommend
 great shape and size for what I wanted , to keep calendar on wall up to date and easy to read .
 The only reason I 'm not giving 5 stars is because the erasers are n't glued in and therefore easily fall out . I glued them myself and now they are perfect .
 Nice product . Work well and are conveniently stored in the little pouch . I would recommend these to anyone needing some .
 For those that like dry erase markers these are good . My kid loves dry erase markers and these bright colors are favorites of his . Also each market has an eraser on the back which for kids is very smart . The back side is small and can be used to spot away mistakes or even used to add white to colored areas . The markers last a long time too and have not yet run out .
 I love these colors , a nice change from the primary colors that came w / my dry erase board and the magnets work so I can keep them on my magnetic board .
 I bought this set because I was tired of the classic red/blue/green / black dry-erase markers and I 'm so glad I did.My board looks like it has life , a story and best of all it always looks cheerful now . . : -RRB- I use the fuchsia as a substitute to what I would use the red for example for something very important/urgent/etc . and it still gets the point across but without my eyes feeling violated and my blood pressure going up from the red burning away . . LOL . . Just kidding!Honestly if you are looking for a set for your kids room , teenager its great but I use it for my board everyday and I love it just as much -LRB- it might even make you want to draw a butterfly -RRB- . The colors really do make all the difference in the world to me -LRB- even though I would like to substitute the yellow with something else because you can barely see it when the sun is shining -RRB- . All the colors last long , are vivid , bright and happy , they wipe off easily without leaving a trail of color or stain , the magnets are pretty strong , the sponge erases very well , and the markers do not smell.I definitely would buy the set again and I do recommend it .
 The magnets are weak - but they do the trick ! Would I buy them again - probably not . Quartet needs to step up their quality .
 My nephew loved these . Perfect size for little hands and so convenient with erasers on ends . Highly recommend these little markers .
 Got these to replace white board markers that were running out of ink . I like having the erasers on the markers , and the magnet is an absolute plus . My only improvement would be if they could be a little thicker line . They are a very fine line marker , so you ca n't read the white board from a distance -LRB- across the room -RRB- .
 These markers are great , and write smoothly , I 've had them for a few months and they have not dried out . The erasers on the lids are really handy and work well . Only con - if the marks are left on the board to long they become hard to erase .
 I bought these markers as an incentive for my kids to practice writing their letters on dry erase workbooks . They found it quite entertaining to pop the erasers out . They are n't glued in , and even forceful erasing will pop them out . Once they 've been popped out , they 're more likely to continue falling out .
 This came quickly and are cute for my daughter . She loves them . They are exactly what her teacher uses and she often pretends she 's the teacher . Thanks .
 good quality for the price . At this point , do n't know if they last as I bought them for my grandchildren and they have n't used them enough .
 I love that these write finely enough on a calendar , each have their own magnets and each have their own eraser . Magnets could be a little stronger , as some tend to slip down the board , but otherwise a gread product !
 These are to help keep organized . I bought them with a wipe-off calendar that has the same colors at the top . They are perfect together . Love the erasers on top of each .
 All the colors are awesome = DORANGE
 I purchased these for my girlfriends daughter . She was specific in wanting the dry erase markers with the eraser on the end and a magnet on each pen . These fit the bill perfectly . They are easy to read and she is extremely happy with them .
 I also bought the bright colors pack and was perfectly happy with them . This set , compared with the brights , just does not stand up as well . It started with all the pens being covered in dirt or something , that did not come off with a casual dust . The pens work well , but I prefer the other set better .
 I use a white-board to keep my home based business on schedule . I like different colors to write with , and these little pens fit the bill perfectly . The colors are deep and rich -LRB- not normal with these types of pens -RRB- and erase completely . The little felt pad on the tip comes in handy , but they really do n't last that long.The small size makes it possible for me to store them in a small space , which is good since space is definitely at a premium here .
 they are in very bright colors and very convenient to use.First of all , their conditions are as good as descriptions .
 The magnets and the erasers are very convenient . The mark is erased easily . But the ink run out quickly , or else I will give it a 5 stars .
 Very cute colored markers . Each has their own eraser so they are very handy . I also love the size of them
 REPURCHASE : YESI first thought that I would not use all the colors but I do . They help me and my husband with remembering different events through out the week .
 I like the fine point tips , the erasers and I love the magnets so it can stick to the dry erase board
 With 4 college kids in the house it is hard to keep track of schedules . We use a different color for each kid on our very large whiteboard calendar .
 Love these . Great with kids so that we do n't need to use a separate eraser or wipe cloth when we write on the board . The eraser was the big winner for me .
 I took a white board to a recent reunion to list various events , but also wanted other participants to be able to list activities so I needed a marker that would stay with the board and not be too easy to lose . I was delighted to find these as they magnetically stick to the board and have a built in eraser to boot . I did n't need all the colors for my reunion board , but on the way in the car , the kids had a blast with them . They drew pictures , noted license plates seen , invented games to play and generally had a great time with the board and markers before we even got to the reunion . And a joy to me is that the markers did n't smell like many do . That would have been unpleasant in the closed up car.Now , the markers do n't stick tight to the board , but tight enough to keep track of them in normal circumstances . The magnet is in the cap . The little eraser is great , so we did n't need to worry about that either . I spent forever looking over the various white boards available at the store searching for one with a tray or marker attachment device and wondering how I could ensure keeping markers and eraser handy during our event . When I saw these markers , all my problems were solved in one package . They worked great . I highly recommend them for many uses from kids play to marking a white board calendar or note board on the fridge to meetings and events .
 I was looking for little pens for my kiddos dry erase books . These work perfectly and do n't `` stain '' the page . The erasers work well and they 're perfect for little hand . My only caution would be that the tops do n't snap securely - and could easily be lost . For the price - it was just what I wanted .
 We use these markers for a vertical dry erase board . The colors are bright and I love the erasers . The erasers do pop out of the top very easily , but they are simple to put back in and do a great job erasing the board .
 I must have gotten a fresh batch because the ink was quite good . They write longer than I expected . I 'm used to fine-point markers drying out mid sentence , but these held up well.The eraser on the cap is not new or exclusive , but it works and is handier than a big eraser , and a lot better than using your finger -LRB- which is a no-no if you want your white board to last -RRB- . The colors are not as bright as the caps , but they are accurate . For instance , rather than creamsicle , it 's more like a conventional orange . The deeper color lets it stand out on white . They would `` disappear '' at a distance if they were truly that light.These came in handy while cramming for a test . I like to write it all out on a big white board instead of sheets of paper , so I can digest it all at once when I 'm done . The assortment of colors allowed me to color-code the notes.Bottom line
 We keep loosing the eraser for our dry erase board . We found Quartet ReWritables Dry-Erase Mini Markers to be the answer . With the eraser in the cap , no more searching for an eraser .
 Purchased the removable wall whiteboard -LRB- like wallpaper -RRB- and got these to go along with it . All have magnets and erasers and work well for what it is .
 I bought these for my grandaughter . She likes the colors and they easily store right on the board with their magnetic caps . Great for writing or drawing pictures .
 So far they work well . They have a good tip on them and are bright . The little black erasers fall off .
 This product was purchase to go with the Roommates Dry Erase Calendar and work very well . The color selection is very vivid !
 Markers are nice and work well ... but kind of found we did n't really need them to be magnetic , as our whiteboard came with a fold out tray at the bottom to hold a few markers . Thought we 'd use them for the small whiteboard on the fridge . In my opinion , they hang ` upside down ' . The magnet holding them and the eraser pad are on the cap ... and when you try and stick them on a metal surface - tip down -LRB- where the ink should be headed ` to ' -RRB- - the weight of the marker is stronger than the magnet and the marker ends up hanging ` tip up ' - which is back asswards , at least to me . Would be more practical to have the magnet on the butt end of the marker . -LRB- Amazing how picky you can get , when you really work at it ! : &#62; -RRB-
 This is a nice , compact set of markers for traveling for kids . They take their magnetic whiteboard with them on trips to Grandma 's house , now they have a nice set of markers for it .
 Our 10 year old loves marker boards and these pens were just right up her alley . She loves playing with the different colors , and making color coordinated lists . In her own words : &#34; Yes , Mommy , I do like them . I 'm thankful to have them . They are wonderful ! &#34;
 Now that I 've finally gotten these away from my kids , I can write a review . Despite the product description , these markers are for home or personal -LRB- small -RRB- whiteboard use and not for a boardroom or classroom where writing needs to be viewed from a distance . They are `` mini '' markers which provide a bright , fine line for writing in small spaces . They 'd be excellent for using on a locker , refrigerator , or personal whiteboard.The colors are vibrant and , with the exception of yellow , easy to read.The markers themselves are small and good for small hands and fine writing . They 've been wonderful for my kids to use for lettering on their whiteboard as they practice writing for school . The small erasers are handy for erasing part of an image or letter -- as opposed to our large eraser which can tackle the entire board.My 5 and 7 year old have had no problems replacing the caps , but the orange marker is starting to dry out from being used so much . The erasers are easy to pull out , but that has n't been a problem.The ink seems to erase just fine , even after being left on the board for a day.They really are low odor and come in a small plastic pouch which would be handy to slip into a bag -LRB- with a small whiteboard -RRB- to carry on a car trip.Overall I 'd say this is a good product .
 These appear to write fine , they have a sharp point to do fine lines , if needed . Each one has a built in the cap eraser , which would be convenient . They also have a built in magnet for sticking to your metal board , or any metal surface , so they do n't get lost easily . Comes in 6 bright colors , sure to get your attention .
 In my house , we have a white board on the refrigerator on which we write items that need to be bought at the store and online . In other words , it gets a lot of use . We have used these markers for awhile now . Because they are magnetic , they stick to the board and are always handy when we want to write something . They write well and last awhile.The only issues with them are :1 . The yellow does n't show up very well and should be another darker color .2 . Sometimes , it 's not the easiest thing to push the cap on well and , if you do n't , they will dry out quickly.I 've bought them on my own and then when I saw them on the Vine , I grabbed a set . They will come in handy in my house .
 These whiteboard markers come in gorgeous , bright colors with a nice fine point that makes your whiteboard writing much more legible than standard markers . I have a set from the Board Dudes like these : Magnetic Markers Fun 6-Packthat LOOK the same on the outside , but the writing output of this Screamers set is MUCH superior -- colors are brighter and much more vivid as they dry.Cap mounted erasers and magnetic caps make these convenient and `` unloseable . '' Highly recommended !
 My kids are 4 and we have a few `` wipe off '' board books . I knew they would like these based on the colors - and I was right ! My girls liked using these , and we all liked the choice of colors . It was very easy to wipe off the marker -LRB- from the board book -RRB- . Sometimes the eraser popped out , but we popped it back in . I 'm guessing if that becomes a habit , you could glue it in . Also , there is a little magnetic strip as well , so you could potentially hang these up -LRB- love that idea - plus , it would be cheap and easy to do this other markers -RRB- . The only `` negative '' maybe is that my kids had a hard time getting the cap to snap on to the top of the marker while they were using the marker - but that 's not a huge deal -LRB- due to their age -RRB- . Recommend !
 These markers are probably best for home and light office use , for things like making notes on a whiteboard calendar or small message board . I think these are great markers for that type of use . I do n't think I 'd use these in a conference room or brainstorming session in the office . Certainly not in a lecture hall . These are fine-point markers , so the line is very thin , compared to standard markers . These markers will only be suitable for situations in which everyone is fairly close to the board , otherwise they may have trouble seeing what is being written . Because of the fine point they also ca n't take as much abuse as a regular-sized marker.The markers themselves are actually on the small side , more pen-sized , and certainly not as large as a standard dry-erase marker . Because of that , I did n't like holding them as much as I like holding a standard dry erase marker . On the bright side , they 're easier for small hands to hold . Pen odor was not offensive.Each marker 's cap has a felt eraser . The eraser is not attached , and so if you press too hard when using the eraser it flops about a bit , like a brush . Use it gently.One star off because of the poor magnets . The marker caps have magnets so you can stick the marker on the white board or somewhere else nearby . Unfortunately , the magnets in the markers I received were fairly weak . Some of the markers -LRB- barely -RRB- stuck to the whiteboard , and others slid down the board .
 These write really well I do n't use the magnet part of it but I really like these pens I just wish the tip was a little more fine .
 These are good markers for a white-board -LRB- or I guess anywhere you might use dry-erase markers -RRB- . Each of the bright colors has a small eraser on it 's cap that allows for convenient and precise erasing . The pack contains a nice rainbow array of 6 colors and they seem to last pretty well . My daughter has even left some uncapped for hours at a time with no harm done .
 This marker set has fun , bright colors -LRB- although the yellow one is of limited use on a white board -RRB- . They have magnets in the cap , which makes them handy for white boards without a pen tray . They have little erasers on the cap , which is convenient for making a small correction . For erasing the whole board , you 're still going to want a separate , full-size eraser.These do n't seem quite as high quality as the office standards like Expo , but the little handy touches make them nice for home calendars , kids rooms , dorm rooms , etc. .
 These pens write really well and the colors are very vivid color . I use them on my black dry erase board and they show up really well . They have the foam erasers for convenient clean up . The magnets hold really well , even when I open and close my fridge door , which is where I have them mounted . My kids -LRB- teenagers -RRB- like using them . I think they are worth the $ 5.28 price .
 These markers are awesome ; they very easily solve the problem of not having an eraser for your white board handy . In the past , I 've always had to use the side of my hand , which would lead to various marker-clothing disasters . The colors are vibrant and easily visible from a distance . I 've been using the purple one heavily and it has yet to dry out . I like how it is smaller than your average marker - it feels more like a pen and can be transported -LRB- read
 I love pens and markers of all kinds , and these did n't disappoint me . The colors -LRB- except yellow -RRB- are vibrant and easy to see . My family used them to plan a vacation itinerary on the whiteboard , and the yellow was still handy for highlighting favorite destinations .
 1 -RRB- they stick to the board , and I am the QUEEN of misplacing everything , every minute of my life2 -RRB- they are fine tip , and i write , a LOT so the fine tip lets me write more and doesnt let it look blurry - bigger tips start to look like a mess3 -RRB- did i say i could always find them since they are stuck to the board ? 4 -RRB- they have the erasers attached , no looking for the eraser , which means the eraser is with the board full time too - did i mention i lose everything ? 5 -RRB- here is a tip - put them on the board UPSIDE DOWN , that way they will not dry out as fast , they are small and light weight so they can hang on the board , but standing straight up makes the ink flow away and dry out over time , they last longer if you have the tip pointing down.I have had other magnetic ones - like the triangle one and like these better specifically because of the fine tip , they are cheaper than the wide tiped triangle ones too , we go through a set every 6 months ? but we use them a LOTand the best part , i always know where they are .
 Great product , love these , use them all the time on our white boards . Having a magnet is great to keep on the fridge . Great price too . Thanks Amazon .
 These dry erase markers are great . I love the colours and the fact that they have an eraser built into the cap , much like an erasable pen . The magnets make them handy as I can put them on my file cabinet next to my desk and are always within reach .
 My 5-yr-old grandson loves using the dry erase markers with his activity book . He knows he can correct mistakes , and do things again and again .
 Okay so they work rather well on the board that I bought , but the black marker in the pack was completely dried out when they arrived . I have no idea how that happened , the cap was on tight , but I did n't need it , so I 'm only taking one star off . The erasers are alright , though they pull out a bit to easily .
 I was skeptical about these markers , given how inexpensive they are . Granted I 've only been using them for a week or so , they actually write much better than expected , the colors are bright and solid , and the ` pens ' themselves are adorably cute and fun -LRB- if dry erase markers can be `` fun '' ... -RRB- . I 'd definitely buy again for myself , and will probably pick up a set or two for nieces and nephews - the sizes are great for small hands , and with a giant whiteboard , it 's a creative outlet that 's good for hours .
 These are really nice pens . I like them a lot . They produce strong , bright , unbroken lines in every color they come in . I 've been using them for about 6 months now and have not had any problems with them drying out . The design of the pens is good , but I think some of the features are a little overkill . The magnets work reasonably well , but they do sometimes slide down over several days . I think thats acceptable and I have n't had any problems with them falling off . The eraser is the overkill feature for me . Its a nice thought , but for small erasing tasks I 'd just as soon use a finger . For cleaning the whole board you 'll want something bigger so if you plan on using these for brainstorming or other whole board tasks I 'd pick up a cheap eraser or grab an old rag for erasing.I 'd say that these pens are best for a small office or somewhere you sit relatively close to the board . They are quite thin and while the colors are highly visible , it would be difficult to make out lines from across a large room -LRB- do n't use these to teach a class or give a presentation -RRB- . I 've been using them for my office whiteboard calendar and thats where they really shine . The thin tips are great for filling in appointments in the small -LRB- 3X3 '' -RRB- calendar boxes.Overall : They 're brightThey do n't dry out too fastThey 're well designed -LRB- although I do n't use the eraser -RRB- They 're most well suited for a small officeFor that application 5/5For other applications -LRB- big room big board presentations -RRB- 3/5
 These are shorter than I expected but still wonderful colours and ease of use . It 's quite handy to have an eraser on the end , much like a pencil .
 I use these ... mainly the dark ones ... for my wipe-off board on the fridge . Very handy for everyone to write what we run out of.Nancy RectorAuthor of `` A Painful Truth - The Entrapment of America 's Sick '' -LRB- How Being Ill Got Me Arrested -RRB-
 The product is made in china ... They are small and not made to last but they work fine and they are cheep . I got them for work as I am in Iraq and nothing works well for long here . I did not want to spend too much as we are waiting for the goverment to send pens made in the USA from EXPO and I must say the EXPO pens are better put do run a little more money . I do like the magnet that is on the back of the pen so they stick to the board as we do not have a tray on ours -LRB- welcome to Iraq -RRB- .
 These markers are great - they last a long time and come with the eraser on the top of the pen - they also go well with the boards I ordered Laura
 I was a little nervous about ordering these markers because the price was low . So far they are working great !
 These work nice for my older kids doing math on a white board . Fine lines and good ink flow . They are very handy with homeschoolers !
 Fine point comes with an eraser and magnet built into the cap . What more to you need ? If you are using a large dry erase board you are probably going to need some larger markers though . Buy these too , super cheap , very handy .
 Whoever invented these is a genius , they are the greatest concept ever , but the eraser is n't as good as I hoped.They are small , have magnets to attach it to a fridge , but you have to put a lot of pressure to erase them , and I think the eraser could be improved.Still happy to have them .
 Work well ... write solidly . Arrived in time and the product was as described ... like how they have small magnets attached to the side .
 Bought for our Granddaughter -LRB- she is 3 -RRB- to go with write and wipe off learning boards . She has to go over all the A , B , C 's and 1 , 2 3 's with each different color . Not only has she learned A , B , C 's and 1,2,3 's she has learned to write them , as well .
 Pens are one of those things that can be pretty tough to review , but I can say that these pens have gotten a pretty good workout at my house , and they have performed.We host two different D&D ; games -LRB- Pathfinder , actually -RRB- , plus a Mutants and Masterminds game at my house , and we use a white board as a battle mat . These markers have been perfect . They have ` erasers ' on them to keep our hands from getting covered in that dry erase inky gook , the magnets mean they 're always there when we want them , and they make fine , but very clear lines that can be seen across the room . I was afraid that they were going to wear out fast , but they have also lasted very well.The only complaint I 've gotten about these markers after they 've made it through several games is that the yellow is a bit hard to see against the whiteboard.So all in all
 These are handy dry-erase markers , especially if your marker-board is magnetic . With that being said , the magnet is n't quite strong enough to keep the markers held horizontally on the magnetic surface , as it 's suggested you do , to keep all the ink in the marker from draining out of the felt tip . This is a minor thing . I prop up the back end of the marker with another magnet that 's already nearby , and have n't had a problem . It 's nice to have an eraser right on the cap , for quick corrections . I 'd still use something else for erasing a whole marker-board full of writing , but the cap-based eraser is excellent for quick corrections ! The only thing I DO N'T like about this set of markers is the yellow one - it does n't really show up all that well , at least not on my white boards . I do n't really understand its purpose , unless I 'm drawing daisies on my whiteboard and want them to have yellow centers . Ummm ... . that does n't really happen all that much . So I wish that instead of the yellow marker , I wish they 'd included a different color that 's known to show up . But that 's not enough to make me dock this product a star . Maybe I WILL start drawing daisies with yellow centers , since I have the yellow marker , anyway !
 Yes , you still need a brick whiteboard eraser for clearing large swaths of the board . But to clear a letter , or a word , or small details the erasers attached to these markers are invaluable .
 I use these at work on a laminated worksheet -LRB- to save ink/paper -RRB- . It 's handy having the eraser right on the end . The magnet seems kind of wasted as the weight , or maybe the odd shape , makes the markers fall off the fridge . Otherwise , these are great .
 These little dry erase markers are quite handy ! We have had a dry erase board on our fridge for years , but unfortunately our board does not have a place to keep a marker . These markers solved that problem . The lid has a small magnet attached so we can stick them on the fridge right next to the white board ! Not only does it have a magnet on the side , but the lids have an eraser at the top for quick and handy erasing !
 We have a small dry-erase board at my work that we use on daily basis to write down things that need to be ordered/purchased . The big problem with this is that either markers get lost or they dry out and are almost illegible . So I got these markers to use for that and they work great . The pack of six means we wo n't run out for a while and we can just throw them away when they dry out . The caps have magnets on them so they can hang out on the board and not get lost , as well as an eraser , which is far better than using your finger.As others have pointed out , these are fairly fine-tip markers , so they wo n't be of much use on large boards , or for things that need to be read at a distance . But for small boards , especially ones shared by different people -LRB- co-workers , families , etc -RRB- , these are perfect ; and the mix of colors can be handy too , so each person gets their own color .
 Each marker in this set measures about 5 inches long with the cap on and they are about the same diameter as a crayon - perhaps just slightly bigger around so these would be great for elementary children or if you are like me and love color coding things.I have a large dry erase board on the wall in my kitchen and I love that these markers stick right to the board because there are magnets in the caps so they are always easily accessible . As I run out of something , I mark it on the dry erase board - green for produce , pink for meats , etc so when it 's time to hit the grocery store , it 's super easy to group like items on my grocery list and when I get to the store , I 'm not back tracking all the time because I forgot an item in an aisle I already visited.I know this sounds like I probably need to get a life but this past year has been EXTREMELY busy for me -LRB- Mom has cancer , bought a fixer upper house , was diagnosed with T2 diabetes , etc -RRB- so though the color coding might sound ridiculous , it really has saved me lots of time figuring out my grocery list and in the store . I do n't know why I did n't think of doing this a long time ago.Since a few of the other reviewers mentioned that sometimes the eraser part of the marker falls out , though mine seemed secure , I just pulled them out , put a dab of glue on them and pushed them back into the top of the markers so I would n't have any problems in the future.The only down side to these are that because the colors are kind of pastel in nature , I do n't think these would work very well if you wanted to use them to give a presentation at work unless everyone could sit fairly close to the dry erase board.I like these so well and use them so often , I 'm definitely getting another set when these start to go dry .
 Have had VTech i5807 phones for a number of years -LRB- and associated Base Station -RRB- . The phones are extremely durable - none have failed . Voice quality is excellent . Features are excellent . A top feature is that they use over-the-counter rechargeable batteries - no searching for expensive , proprietary batteries . I 've seen nothing on the market even now that meets my needs as well .
 I already owned the main phone and just needed an extra handset . It arrived quickly charged right up and I have been using it ever since . I am very pleased with the Vtech brand . The price was reasonable and it was just what I needed .
 Bought this to replace one of my phones from a set that was worn out . The old one had a worn out # 1 key and was several years old . I replaced just the one headset and kept everything else . The new one works just like the others when they were new . Saved a bunch of money not buying a complete new setup .
 I was looking to replace my old i5807 handset that has sticking keys . Since my Base works fine I did n't want to change the whole system . Price & speedy delivery were great .
 Years ago one of my techie son-in-laws had me buy a Sieman phone system which was considerably more expensive than the V-Tech system . It was absolute junk . The only good thing about it was that you could transfer your directories between the phones so I only had to enter it once and then transfer . With the V-Tech you have to enter the info on each phone which is time consuming and tedious . Also , I wish the directory allowed more entries and there was more room for customized rings . That 's really the only drawbacks I have with the system . I originally bought the first system about four years ago and now I have two base units and a total of 12 phones . Only one of the phones has a problem where the directory no longer is displayed but the phone works fine.Yeah , my wife thinks it 's overkill but the phones are very inexpensive , we never have to go very far to pick up a phone and we know the important calls by the distintive ring tone -LRB- normally songs -RRB- . All I have to do now is train my wife to put the phones in the chargers -LRB- that will never happen-still have one phone MIA -RRB- . All in all I highly recommend this system .
 We have used the base unit for 2 years and loved it so I ordered 4 additional handsets . The clarity is excellent , and easy to program even for a senior citzen . The new handsets are the same with the exception that I ca n't program and change the screen color like the original . DR Roth shipped extremely fast . We had the hand sets within 2days of ordering from NY to rural central WA
 Phone is great but after 30 seconds light turns off and you cant read what it says on the screen . Everything else A-Okay .
 I also purchased the base station with answering machine -LRB- which is also excellent -RRB- , and have now added a third handset . Phones have great , clear sound and good range and I often use the speakerphone feature in the handset so I can talk while working on the computer or have my wife join in the conversation . Only problem I 've had is locating a handset after the battery runs down . The page feature obviously is no help at that point , but that 's my own fault for letting the battery run down .
 I originally bought 2 of these with an answering machine unit and was so impressed I added a 3rd one , replacing the last hardwired phone I had.The range of these is pretty good ... I can wander around my 1/2 acre and still get great reception to the base unit.The ability to upload pictures or make your own ring tones is pretty cool . It took me a year or two to actually do that since the stock images and rings were suitable , but it 's fun to try things out.Also it 's nice that the batteries in the unit are n't some custom battery back ... just plain old NiMH , so if they ever get to the point where they do n't hold a charge , you can get spares just about anywhere they have batteries -LRB- or even some alkaline AA 's in a pinch , just do n't try charging it if you do that ... emergency only -RRB- : -RRB-
 We have had this system for over 2 years and love it . The best part for our old house is that the extra handsets only need power , no phone jack . So for our attic and basement , there is nothing better.The kids like adding our own photos and recording songs for the ringer ! Never have trouble with reception , or battery life -LRB- even when I leave it on the front porch all night ! -RRB- I do notice that you have to wait a second after pressing `` on '' to dial ... I still mess this up after 2 years ! But that is my fault , not the product 's . I am now buying more handsets -LRB- since they take up so little room ! -RRB-
 I like this phone system . As other phones fall apart in the house I replace them with these . The display is great . The stored numbers and speakerphone options are good to use . My original phone purchase in this system was 3 years ago and the original still works great . I just wish that you could network the stored number lists on all the phones so you could update in one place instead of each phone .
 I ordered this as my third V-tech phone to replace a Panasonic I had in our bedroom . I have the base v-tech with the answering machine in my kitchen and another v-tech in rec room . The Panasonic in our bedroom had poor voice quality -LRB- it was rather old -RRB- and I continually had to leave the room and switch phones . So now I 'm happy because the V-techs have very good clarity !!
 I already owed two of these phones and needed to add handsets . The phones did not disappoint me . They are easy to use and from my previous experience have not had any issues at all . I have used my orginal set for almost 3 years .
 I had a two-set model already , so this purchase was to add a third phone to the base set.The phone works as advertised . My only complaint is that there is no way to synchronize the phonelist programmed into each of the handsets . It 's all a manual process.The overall voice quality is fine and the system is easy enough to use .
 I really love this handset . My family has fun downloading the ringer songs . Unfortunately , there is no MAC program to download pictures
 after 5 years i bought this phone againpros
 I bought this phone to have as a back up for when power goes out . So obviously it does n't require power to operate . It has no bells or whistles . No caller ID , no message waiting light , and so on.For the price you ca n't beat it . My only grip is the ring tone is horrible . It 's a `` chirp '' sound and it scares my cat!I highly recommend this phone to anyone that wants a plain basic phone . Something rare these days .
 It 's actually a nice phone . Did n't want features , just something to use during power outages and ended up using it as an everyday phone .
 Basic phone with minimal features . Handset is a little light and is not so easy to hang up when wall mounted . Could be a little smaller . Bought as a replacement for the basic Sony corded phone which has a better feel but is no longer available .
 what can I say this is a corded wall mountable phone with no screen . this is tech that has been perfected for decades . if Panasonic one of the best players out there could n't pull this off perfectly I would be shocked . this is a basic phone that works exactly like you would expect . buy it with confidence .
 I use this phone in my office and it is very durable and has a stylish design . Buttons are rubber like and help for grip when pressing . Calls are clear . The only `` cons '' would be that the volume at the lowest is still a little louder then I would prefer and there is no mute button . No batteries required is good too .
 A basic wired telephone , handy for when the power goes out , or the batteries run down in cordless units . As one would expect from Panasonic , this is a well-made , functional unit . Not surprising , since Panasonic is an old hand in the consumer electronics market , and also makes many other models of telephones.I prefer this design over `` slim-line '' phones , since I can press the buttons while holding the handset to my head , making navigating voicemail trees much easier -LRB- `` Press 2 to ... '' -RRB- . The volume buttons are convenient , and change handset volume between four levels . The handset coiled cord is a little short -LRB- pick up too aggressively and you 'll yank the whole phone -RRB- , but I swapped mine with a longer cord . The looks is modern but not excessively office-looking . This unit replaced my old , similar-looking , Sony phone -LRB- no longer made -RRB- , which was a little more solid feeling , and featured a speakerphone . The lack of a speakerphone is this most phone 's only `` defect '' . For this price , it 's hard to go wrong . Recommended .
 Having a corded phone is helpful if the power goes out . Generally a corded phone will still work over a cordless . This is lightweight with good sound . I would recommend it as a backup for anyone in an area that has power outages .
 The Panasonic KS-TS5008 telephone is a superb example of elegant design , the only brand that has a low gloss black color style , combined with basic reliable functionality ... it 's just a home line phone ... but it 's got class !!!!!!
 Bought this to broadcast audio from one room to another . I put the handset against a speaker so the people in the other room can hear what is being said . The sound quality is quite good for a low-tech device . Since it does n't use a battery or wall power it does n't fail during long telephone calls . It 's so simple to use the set-up team has no trouble with it . Although I 'm intrigued by hi-tech sometimes low-tech just works better .
 Great simple phone . Use it to extablish phone line for fax machine . Can always use if cordless goes out . Big buttons help in low light .
 Simply put ... no frills . Rings with 2 tones , flash button ... for the price , it was worth it . I bought 3 of them for basic desk phones .
 This phone works great for what I needed it for . It is a very basic phone with no extras included . Easy to use .
 The only problem that I have with this phone is that the base is a little light weight . Otherwise , it 's a great inexpensive phone . I really like the volume control feature which works very well .
 Absolutely great product , sound quality is clear ... Panasonic is the best.just no memory for fast dialing , No need of any power source , light weight , and very eay to set up .
 NO FEATURES REALLY OTHER THAN REDIAL BUT IT IS A NICE LANLINE PHONE THAT SERVES MY PURPOSE FOR IT.I JUST WANTED A CORDED PHONE BCAUSE I HAVE THE PANASONIC TALKING DECT SET , THIS PHONE IS NOT AS BIG AS IT LOOKS IN PIC N FIT GREAT ON MY BEDSIDE TABLE-NIGHTSTAND . IF U HAVE THE TALKING PAN . SET N NEED A LANDLINE GOOD BUY BECAUSE THE TALKING DECT ANNOUNCE WHOSE CALLING -LRB- AS WELL AS MY CABLE POP UP CALLER I.D ON MY T.V -RRB- SO NO NEED FOR CALLER ID ON THIS PHONE AND IT MATCHES GREAT BECAUSE ITS ALSO PANASONIC , NICE CLEAR RECEPTION TOO .
 Bought this phone to add to other wireless phones . Good basic phone for when the power goes out . How can you go wrong for the price of lunch . . This phone is in addition to some finicky wirless phones , good and reliable .
 PERFECT IN EVERY WAY . I SET THIS PHONE UP IN THE GARAGE AND I AM QUITE SATISFIED WITH IT . PRICE GREAT ... LOOKS GOOD
 The phone serves the purpose it was intended for . I have no complaints . Received the shipment in a timely matter and it has great sound quality .
 It 's just a phone , nothing more but nothing less . I use it with a bluetooth adapter to place and receive calls from my blackberry while in my office , and for this it works wonderfully as i can still see caller ID info on my blackberry screen.would work well for a backup home phone or desk phone also.sound quality is as good as you can get on a phone .
 I have been using it & it is a great phone for it ` s price I would recomend it to anyone .
 I buy Panasonic whenever I can ... TV , DVD , Blu-ray , pnone , Lumix camera ... whatever ... just a dependable company . How can you beat the price ?
 I have had this corded phone for a couple of months now . I have not had any problems with it . It has dropped onto the floor a few times and still works as well as it did when I first bought it . It seems to be solidly built . The sound quality is excellent -LRB- much better than on my much pricier cordless phone -RRB- . It does n't have caller id , or a speakerphone , or other such amenities . But if what you need is a basic corded phone that is solid , reliable , and has excellent sound quality , my experience is that you wo n't go wrong with this one .
 Cheaper than anything on the display shelves at RadioShack and/or RiteAid.It works . You speak to someone on the telephone . Telephoning is a not a wayof life . Who the hell needs a cell telephone to begin with unless you are asales representative?Got computers . Got 3D TVs.Twitter is useless and so are smart telephones .
 Plug it right into your phone line and this corded phone will run without electricity . It is basic as basic gets
 If you want a basic , no frills , inexpensive , nicely designed phone , this phone is for you . I purchased one a few years ago , and when I was looking for a phone for a second location , I went through the same selection process and unbeknown to me at the time , I selected the same phone . The only negative is that the ring is harsh , but you can turn down the volume .
 This phone is just as described . Phone with large buttons :--RRB- it is very lightweight plastic so it moves around a lot but gets the job done . Also i like that the receiver is on the base , so when you hang up you can press it to avoid a loud hang up noise on the other end .
 I use this phone strictly for work with a Plantronics headset . No problems after about 5 months of use . Hopefully it continues to do the job .
 This phone is fine on a flat surface , but it 's not really suitable for wall mounting . We tried it as a wall phone and discovered that with even the slightest lateral nudge , the handset slips off its retaining tab and falls on the floor.The problem is that the retaining tab -LRB- hook -RRB- is not adjustable . Usually , dual-purpose phones of this type have a hook which can be reversed , or otherwise adjusted , to give stability for wall mount use . The Panasonic 's hook tries to do both . It has beveled edges , which make it easier to pick up the handset if the base is on a table or desk , but also much easier to bump off the hook if it 's mounted on a wall . This is simply poor design for a wall phone . It 's as though nobody even tried to use it for a few days before they gave the green light for production.That said -- we find the KX-TS500B to be perfectly functional for desktop use . It has a clean , sleek design , very nice to look at . The sound quality is good and clear , with convenient volume adjustment next to the number pad . The ringtone is typical for plastic phones these days , not at all bell-like . But not too harsh either.We 're giving this a 5 even though it 's not useful for the wall as advertised . It 's a good little basic phone with a definite preference for the horizontal .
 It 's a basic phone . It does everything you expect a phone to do.IMO , it is a bit larger than necessary and I would appreciate it if it were n't so bulky , but it 's still a good phone .
 I purchased this as a gift for my elderly aunt who is hard of hearing . I plugged it in and showed her how easy it was to control the volume and demonstrated the sound of the ringer , which I set in the loudest position . It was basic enough for her to become familiar with , plus it had the features which she needed - volume control and ringer loudness settings . The design is basic and fits in to any decor .
 Nice Phone during power outage and the look and function and ring of the phone is good . The price is also less and the product looks rich.Cons
 We were looking for a simple phone that plugs into the wall that does n't look cheap . This phone is definitely a no-frills phone , but it serves the purpose and looks much nicer than some of the other plug-ins that we looked at . It 's rather light-weight and the handset cord is too short , so the phone may end up in the floor if it wakes me up in the middle of the night ! But , it fills our need quite nicely .
 it 's a decent phone . the only problem i have is with the volume where it does n't seem loud enough when i need it to be a touch louder . i should have searched for one w / lighted numbers or larger buttons for better viewing . other than that , it does the job , is lightweight and has very basic features . price is really good for quality .
 An excellent basic phone . Works great and looks great . It is perfect to ensure there is at least one phone in the house that works when the power goes out .
 Though inexpensive and simple , it serves the purpose for what it is intended -- clear audio . I brought this phone to use with my plantronics headset . For some reason my expensive phone when used with the headset was not giving a good quality audio . I always assumed it is an issue with the headset.Finally after some experimentation and trial and error I figured it out that it could be a phone issue . When I started using the headset with this phone , audio was clear both ways.I recommend this to anyone who needs a simple yet inexpensive phone .
 Pros : It works.Perfect for power outages , will work unlike cordless phonesWas only $ 6 shipped with primeCons : None
 Your basic feature-free , corded , land line phone . Looks good , sounds good , barely costs anything . I 'm waiting for the electricity to go out to see if I will really still have a phone . If not , I still ca n't complain .
 Made the mistake of installing all wireless phones - worked great until the power company accidentally cut off my power for several days . That left me with no phone service , Cox platitudes notwithstanding . Called Panasonic 's technical support line to determine if this corded phone would work if added to what I already had - was told it would , so ordered it . They were right - now I 'm ready for that EMP that Newt 's warning about .
 This is a quality yet surprisingly inexpensive phone . Volume control , flash button , nice rubber -LRB- but not illuminated -RRB- buttons , and great handset w / crisp , clear sound . Simple , but elegant design . Strongly recommended for anyone looking for a corded phone .
 Finally a phone that works like the old original telephones ! Excellent tone , great buttons , solid construction ... very easy to use . Very well built from quality materials . To set it up remove the phone from the box plug it into the phone jack on the wall and place your call .
 No battery or power needed just plug-in to phone outlet.Good quality and good price phone $ 14.95 plus free shipping just a few days ... I like it and recommend this product awesome energy saver .
 Good basic phone for the price . Wanted it for any future power outages especially after last hurricane season .
 handset cradle a little too shallow , sometimes hard to tell if phone is properly hung up . otherwise , nice basic phone for the price .
 If you want a good basic -LRB- or an emergency -RRB- corded phone , this is the one you should get .
 A very simple phone . Keys feel good , nicely separated and with a mild rubberized feel that helps striking the key . After switching from a mobile phone in favor of cheap landline and Google Voice , this has been a cost-effective , reliable centerpiece to the new system . A friend across the country remarked that she could hear me clearly for the first time in years due , in large part of course , to the quality of landline communication , but also with some kudos to the phone itself .
 Build quality is great for what it is . Voice volume , and quality is first rate . The handset cord could be better . .
 I already own a cordless phone system with 3 stations that work seamlessly . However ; in case of power failure , such cool technology becomes useless you have a back up corded phone that works under that kind of circumstances , specially when having children in the house.This is a extremely basic phone that does the job as expected , nothing fancy , but seems sturdy and reliable -LRB- crystal clear voice sound -RRB- .
 I got this phone to keep around for use in an emergency when the power is out -LRB- as it was for 9 days after Superstorm Sandy -RRB- . It seems just fine for that purpose -- not a lot of frills but does all the basic things . The phone is solid and the sound is decent .
 I needed a good basic phone without an answering machine and this one fits the bill . All of the other phones in my home are cordless . Since my neighborhood is subject to power outages during incliment weather , all of the cordless phones lose power . Nothing like having an old standard corded phone to come to my rescue . Its also great for conducting business whenever private information , like credit card info , must be given over the phone . There 's less chance of interception . This phone has a good quality sound and is well made . Just what I needed .
 I got these cheap phones because my kids always take the wireless phones and leave them around the house and they get discharged , takes a while to locate them . I got a bunch of these corded phones , put them in every room . It was primarily meant to be an emergency phone in case I could not find the cordless phones , but the volume and sound quality is amazing for such a cheap phone . I had ordered them thinking that I would toss them out if they were poor quality but I ended up keeping all of them . I have voice caller id on my other set of cordless phones , so I do not miss the caller id functionality on this phone as I can hear the caller id from anywhere in the house .
 Hard to find a phone these days for land line . This one is a perfectly priced phone for a what you need .
 I just need a phone for my home office and this one does the job . Not fancy about it does what it 's supposed to do .
 I live in a country where the electric power is subject to going off and on a lot . Most other landlines require power or batteries . This unit uses neither . It 's taken some getting used to because the keys do n't &#34; click &#34; , . I 'm very happy with this model .
 this was just a no-frills basic phone that I purchased for an extra line in my house it does nothing special it just works
 I owned this phone for over a year and just decided to write a review based on the bad reviews it was getting . I recently upgraded to the uniden tru9465-2 not because the phone was n't good but because my 19 month old dropped it so often that speaker phone was starting to make a buzzing sound when you put it on . Besides that the phone worked perfectly . You can mute the phone and also the base when on a call which is important if you do n't want the other person hearing what you say to another person in the room . The speaker phone worked great and if you ca n't find the handset , there is a locator button . The intercom feature also worked really well for me . My only problem was that the caller i.d function would repeat a number more than once thus taking up your caller i.d space , so if a person called you 10 times a day , their number would be there 10 times instead of just once as with other phones . Whatever name you program in your phone directory , that 's the name that comes up on your caller i.d when they call . Making it easy for you . It only holds 50 numbers so program it wisely with the numbers you really need . You can put personal pictures along with the names , the same way you do with your cell phone . The picture quality is n't all that good I must admit but overall it 's a good phone . The color screen also made it easier to see at night . I gave it a 4 because nothing is great but I highly recommend this phone .
 Very good phone . Worth the money . Power and Signal are good .
 Have no complaints on this phone . . enjoy everything about it . Even the colored screen is neat . Clarice Bostick
 I own it with four handsets for soon 3 years and it is one reliable , top quality , nice design phone ! It is feature full and terrific sound quality device . The menus are very nicely done and logically arranged . It is very strong and feels quality item . Very nice !
 Wow ! Am I happy with this thing ! I was put-off by the pictures on the box , but after I bought it and played with it for a while I fell in love . SUPER intuitive for a geekie kinda ' guy , the GUI is GREAT ! The ONLY way to make it better would be more control through the USB connection . And maybe more color in the display -LRB- it 's 8 bit color pallet -RRB- . Then I guess it would need expandable memory too ? &#60; grin &#62;
 Yes this is a great phone . I have had it for about a month and I am using it with my Packet8 VoIP . It works great and the sound quality is perfect.The handset speakerphone works great but I wish it could be louder.The images on the color LCD display are not very good . It has 8-bit color so there is that problem but the resolution is not that great either . You need to stick to very simple pictures if you want to be able to make out what they are . Downloading pictures to the phone was really easy and managing what is on the phone is really easy too . There is a set of pictures built into the phone that can not be deleted - I wish they could so that I could put more of my own pictures on the phone . It would be nice if the phone had more memory . It can hold 50 numbers each associated with a picture and a distictive ring . Its cool when someone calls and a picture of the persons comes up on the LCD . It is really easy to setup and use but I do wish it had more memory . There is no way you can put 50 pictures in the phone AFAIK.The phone feels great in you hand and is loud enogh that you do n't have to press it against you head to hear well . The keypad lights up so it is easy to use in a dark room.I am pleased that I bought this phone . I would say that this is probably the best phone in its class right now . The next generation of this phone is probably going to make all of the distracting things I have mentioned go away.I like this phone and will probably be buying extra handsets for it soon .
 The i5857 is a joy to use
 I was looking for a cordless phone with a speaker that was n't in the handset . I did n't want an answering machine since I have voicemail through my local provider . I searched high and low and found only two phones like this . The V-Tech is a good phone . It has a speaker in the handset AND in a small speaker the handset sits in . I like that there is also a dial pad . The caller ID is great and when I have messages , the phone has an indicator light , even though the message is n't stored in the phone itself . My only complaint is the sound quality . It is good and more than acceptable , but it would be better if I could manually adjust the bass and treble -LRB- the phone does this automatically per call -RRB- .
 Phone worked perfectly for many years . It also held charge for many hours off of the base . Speaker feature also worked well .
 I run an 802.11 b network at home , the router is right next to the base station and I have no interference problems . Not sure that the reviewer who disparaged the phone for interference potential actually tried it.The phone & base look stylish -LRB- not cheap like old vtech phones -RRB- and has great features : - Orange backlit keys - Speakerphone on handset . - Ability to record custom ringers from any sound source having a standard mini-plug headset jack -LRB- cord included -RRB- . - Base can take two rechargeable AA batteries -LRB- about $ 8 at a Staples -RRB- and let you swap for dead batts in your handset OR talk for ~ 2 hours during a power outage!Only thing I 'd like would be ability to listen to messages from the handset . Did n't get the 5867 because I did n't think a color display was worth extra $ 20 ; I 'm pretty sure that 's the only difference between the two phones.Oh , most importantly -- sound quality is great both ways .
 We 're a six person household so the phones get a workout . We 've been through several phone systems and like this one best . Its been a joy for the past year with narry a glitch.Base station is fairly compact and handsome but notably easy to use . The 5.8 spectrum does not interfere with cell phones , or my Linksys Wireless G network . Its always clear as a bell . Best answering machine I have ever had . Records and playsback perfecty.The handsets are great , easy to use , easy to navigate . Would be a neat trick if the memory synchronized between the handsets so you did n't need to enter phone books more than once . Also would be neat if handset could access the answering machine which is controlled directly from the base system.Reason I am writing this review is because I came back to order another handset . All in all this is the finest home system I have had . -LRB- I did a review on the ATT 954 , a thumbs down . But I have busted or dusted my share of Panasonic , Radio Shack , and Uniden over the years . -RRB-
 I do n't want to start a big argument here , but despite what Mr Rusty H. Hodge said previously , the VTech i5866 phone does apparently operate at both 2.4 GHz and 5.8 Ghz , AT THE SAME TIME . The handset transmits on 2.4 GHz and receives on 5.8 GHz . The base unit is just the opposite . You 'll find this info on page 44 of the owner 's manual , which you can download from Amazon or VTech .
 I am no expert on cordless phones , but I have owned my share of different brands over a 15 year period of time . I owned a vtech long ago and did not like the sound quality back then . This new phone sounds great and has a few cool features you should keep in mind
 Another Product that I was able to purchase just in time to increase my phone network at my house . . Works perfect and makes things very convinient . . Thanks . .
 I am an avid reader so I was pleased with these these clever renditions of famous authors in note cards . I have 5 different authors , and liked them so much they are hanging on the wall in my kitchen
 I bought this phone -LRB- plus an additional handset -RRB- to replace my old Sony 2.4 GHz phone . The old phone interfered with my home WiFi network . This new phone , although it is a dual-mode phone , claims not to interfere and so far that has been the case for me.There are a number of nice features on this phone . Both the handsets and the base station have built-in speaker phones . The answering machine is easy to program . The handsets are easy to set up with the base station -LRB- a near impossibility with my old Sonys -RRB- . The phones are reasonably stylish in a utilitarian sort of way and have enough heft that you wo n't mind using them.The phones and base station have LCD displays for programming . The phone has a color display and you can choose `` wallpaper '' for it -LRB- right ... -RRB- . The spare handset I bought was only black and white -LRB- I could have chosen another color handset -RRB- . By default it shows a smiley face . The ringers are a bit cloying -LRB- you can set them to play music or choose from several obnoxious ring styles -RRB- . Here 's the digital revolution turning something simple into a needlessly complex toy.If you ignore all the stupid bells and whistles , though , the phone does everything I ask of it . It was very easy to setup and it works well . Other brands are n't that much better in terms of `` silly quotient '' and do n't offer the range of useful features . I would give this phone 31/2 stars if I could , but it 's pretty good .
 I had a Panasonic Expandable Phone System before , and I wanted to replace it when the extra cordless phone finally would n't hold any charge . Consumer Reports rated this one as one of its top picks so I switched to AT & T. To say the least , I love it . The only downside I have seen thus far -LRB- only owned it for 2 months -RRB- is that when you listen to messages and you have it automatically dial back the message leaver by picking up the phone , it does n't automatically dial 1 , so it ends up calling locally only . Good pick for all the gratuitous bells and whistles .
 I have had this phone now about 3 months and I am VERY HAPPY with it . IT has all the things and want and many more , The hand sets are very clear and I love the fact I can check voice mail on any hand set that goes with it I do not have to run to the main answering machine to check the voice mail . The range of the hand sets is great had no problem at all with this . So far I love everything with this phone , It is much better than either of the last two phone I have had . I have walked over a 1/2 block from the house and it still works clearly , I have never had a phone that worked so far away from home .
 This is a good choice for someone who wants several linked cordless handsets , and it 's priced competitively . You plug the base unit -LRB- which has a separate cordless handset -RRB- into a phone outlet and an power outlet , and then you can a place up to 7 handsets anywhere there 's a nearby power outlet . In contrast to a Siemens expandable cordless system that we replaced , the AT&T handsets are weighted well and balanced nicely and the buttons are prominent , and the various features are easy to find . The range is good but not outstanding -- it covers about 2200 square feet with no problems , but when we tried to stretch reception by taking a handset outside the house into a brick out-building it did n't connect , in contrast to a 3-year-old Panasonic 900 MHz cordless . Two minor design annoyances
 Delivered in good time . Item was in new condition . Only problem was that belt clip for the phone was missing.Would definitely order from this place again .
 So far this is a great phone ! Great sound and a lot of nice features . Also , the expandability is a great feature that we are n't using yet but will be nice for us in the future .
 We use the ATT E2562 Expandable base with a full compliment of 8 extra handsets . We use them in conjunction with our Vonage internet phone service which has two lines . The range is very good ... it goes all over the house and even into the neighbor 's yard . It works great and gives us a lot of flexibility in putting phones where we want them .
 I needed a two-line phone for my home / home office . I looked at a lot of phones , and while none were `` perfect '' for what I wanted this one is close . I wanted two lines , a base station , and expandible handsets . This phone has all of that . The only thing I did n't need was the answering machine . I use Phone Co. . Voice Mail . I wish this phone would tell me that I had messages in the VM , but it does n't unless you use its built in answering machine . -LRB- The SBC phone did show a light when there was VM , but it was not a two line phone -RRB- . Running a home office , I ca n't tell you the convienience of being able to answer the office line anywhere in the house with the push of an `` L2 '' button . This is my favorite feature . You can even make L2 ring differently . -LRB- I only wish that the settings like saved phone numbers , ring tones , and caller ID were syncrohinzed on all handsets - you have to set them separately -RRB- . Overall , great phone system ! I just bought another extension . I am up to 5 now plus the base !
 Bought this for my wife 's real estate business -LRB- at the home . -RRB- AT&T ; knows their business , and it is phones . We have a seperate voicemail system , so if this unit 's problems are insurmountable for you , look elsewhere.Great buttons that did not break like the V-tech unit we had before . Those buttons wore out into mushy oblivion .
 I purchased this handset to extend the life of our current multi-line system . It works well enough for our business where we use the phone all day long calling and receiving phone calls . The design is fairly ergonomic - the designer was actually thinking about how phones fit in a person 's hand and how people use phones . The handsets are very durable . Ours get dropped all the time -LRB- because we have some clutzy people here -RRB- and even when a rubberband is needed to hold them together , they still work well . You can use headsets on these . They also have speakerphone and hold . You can set the ring tones and volume for each line so that you can tell which line is ringing . The charger base is small enough to fit almost anywhere . The range is good , as well . Our store is n't huge , but it is several thousand sqft and we can take these phones everywhere . Our phone came with a charger and belt clip . if you buy new , I think that this is standard . These are extension handsets , so you will need the base unit phone system to have them work , of course.If you are considering buying these with the base unit phone system , you might want to reconsider . There are a couple things that I do not like about the phone system -- if you are on the line when a call comes in , your call gets interrupted for a split second while the phone rings . Very annoying and can be confusing to people on the other line . The other thing that I do not like is that anyone can pick up another handset and cut into your conversation ! It comes off as very unprofessional when a coworker picks up another handset trying to make a call on the line that you are already using , `` I 'm on this line ! '' Or when two people answer the phone at the same time . I am currently looking for a new system that will take care of these issues , but the extra handset will help give me a little more time to get the right system for us .
 Purchased 4 of these phones to add to existing system . All phones perfect and service great .
 We have bought many of these recondtioned phone and have always been in new condition . Very Happy1
 Received item in a timely manner . Wish product would have come with a side clip to carry around , but otherwise unit works great .
 Excellent clarity . Great range . Only problem is battery time is a bit on the short side . But easily charged in the base unit . Would recommend to anyone
 Our whole house is covered by these handsets and the base unit that runs them . In two years of using this system , they have been perfect .
 I bought this for my wife to use at her job . Shes very satisfied ! Co Workers also thinks it is Precious !!!
 Typical mouse pad . Cute pictures . The sides of the pad do rollup after awhile of use -LRB- like any other mouse pad -RRB- .
 Great mouse pad for both a boy or a girl . Got this for a computer bought for my son and daughter to share and I think they will both love it .
 this canine mouse pad is just about the cat 's meow . . whimsical , wearable and easily earns five woofs . . it 's a doggone good product . . shipping costs are a paws for concern . . almost as much as the pad ...
 If you love dogs , you 'll love this mouse pad . It 's as cute as can be .
 I love this mouse pad because of it 's cute design . Got lots of comments from the co-workers and they loved it too . Just a basic mouse pad but the dogs are irresistable to look at .
 I like this phone a lot . I use it for my business.I use a headset , so there is a jack on both the base and cordless unit . The only thing I DO N'T like is the manual does n't exlain things clearly and getting a tech support person is impossible . Its ALL menu 's , NO option for a LIVE person , so if you buy this phone and neec tech support or even to help set it up as I had to , click option 1 then option 2 -LRB- to purchase a phone -RRB- and ask for a tech support person , you are connected right away .
 Ive been using this phone for 6 years as my sole home based business phone and it is still working perfectly . i need to buy an extra handset now and thats the only reason i came across these reviews . the phone gets used alot and its just a very easy to use and trouble free phone for me . everyone uses their phones differantly , but for my purpose , i dont want to buy another phone . -LRB- and i love NEW STUFF ! -RRB-
 I 've had this phone system for about 3 years now . I am generally quite pleased with it . I find the sound quality good and the system fairly easy to use/navigate . My only issue right now is that the numbers on two of our peripheral units are wearing off to the point that they are becoming illegible . I have 4 satellite units along with the base unit , which handles our home needs and my business needs quite nicely .
 I 've had this phone for 3 years . I purchased it for about $ 150 . It had all the features I was looking for and has worked very well for me . I have a small office with just one employee . While we could n't transfer calls as some reviewers criticized , you can put a call on hold , and the other person can then pick up the call . The only thing I did n't like was the sound on the cordless set seemed on the loud side . But my employee liked that one better , so it worked out the best for all of us . Never had a problem with missing messages or batteries on the handset as other reviewers had .
 I 've had the E2562 for about 3 months now and I 've had no problems whatsoever . Ok , so I also have to mention that I 'm not using the 2nd line , which I saw was causing some of the problems with the phone.I 'm using the base in my home office and the cordless is always somewhere in the apartment . : -RRB- The answering machine works like it 's supposed to.If anything , I wished that both the base and the cordless were sharing the phone book because it 's really annoying having to save phone numbers on both everytime .
 I spent 2 weeks looking for a cordless 2-line phone that looked decent and was n't too flimsy . I now have the ATT E2562 since 2 weeks . I 'm using the it with a regular phone line and a Vonage VOIP phone line . Caller ID works flawlessly with both lines.Base station and handsets have built-in speaker phone that works better than any other speaker phone that I 'm familiar with except Polycoms.Set-up was very easy , design is nice.Reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that you ca n't upload or synchronize phone books -LRB- tested an Olympia Bluetooth cordless , but it was too flimsy -RRB- , but have to punch in all the info .
 In replacing a Siemens Gigaset that had outstayed its welcome , we figured we would `` upgrade '' to a 5.8 system for our house . Needed 2 lines and an answering machine , along with expandability of 8 additional phones or so - not much out there - Panasonic has some nice models but does not offer capacity for enough cordless extensions . The Uniden 5.8 model that has a voice mail indicator but no answering machine was the closest match . Quickly learned that a 5.8 phone simply has less range than a 2.4 phone . As we have a fairly large house this became an issue and I purchased the AT&T . The range is excellent - much better than the Uniden 5.8 and slightly better than the old Siemens system . The phones are attractive and dont look like toys . Sound quality on the phones is very good - we use VOIP on Line 1 and a standard telephone co line on Line 2 with no problems at all . Answering machine sound quality could be better , but is not terrible . Answering machine has not cut off any callers - maybe that bug was fixed by AT&T -LRB- I also located online a user installable patch that is supoosed to fix that problem , but have not had the need to try it -RRB- . The only annoying thing is the `` new call '' indicator on the phones . We have 8 cordless sets and each one registers each `` new call '' and displays it -LRB- for example - the phone next to my computer now says `` 23 new calls '' -RRB- and I believe the only way to clear the display is to reset the base and each hadset individually . I am keeping my fingers crossed , but so far , I am very pleased .
 I had a Panasonic system and it went through batteries like water . The batteries were not inexpensive , either . I happened across a complaint site and found that Panasonic has known about this problem for some time , and do not care . I then decided not to buy another battery , but to get a new phone.I have a business in my home , so I need both lines and I need two lines on my answering machine . This phone did that for me , and I love the fact that the base is corded , so the kids are n't always running off with my phone.The cordless model is cool because you plug it into an electric outlet -- no phone cord needed , and you are ready to go . I have had zero problems with the phone , I 'd buy it again in a heart beat .
 I purchased this phone set 2 months ago , despite varying opinions about its performance , and I 'm very glad I did.Pros
 I work form a home office and have both my home line and my office line though this phone . It is true that the phone does not stay on the last line used , if you want to use line 2 you must first choose the ` L2 ' button . It is also true that the battery that came with my remote handset would not hold a charge and require constant charging . I purchased two new batteries -LRB- one for the handset and one for the base unit -RRB- and thess new batteries hold a charge much longer and the battery in the base unit keeps the phone working even in a power outage . As for the answering system cutting off messages , I do n't use the answering machine option I use Voicemail from my provider so I have not experienced that problem . It has a lot of nice features including my personal favorite , call waiting caller id . I use it with a headset and it 's really userfriendly -LRB- this also eliminates any concern over what line you are using since you have to push buttons anyway -RRB- . I have been using this phone for over three years and I 'm very satisfied.The single most import feature is call quality and it is exceptional . One thing I do n't see in may of these reviews is a comment about the price and that has to be a consideration when shopping for anything . If the phone cost $ 400.00 it might only get 3 stars but at this price point and with all the features you get who can complain ? At this price I have to give it 5 stars .
 I have owned many telephones since AT&T lost its rental monopoly and they have been frustrating . AT&T fixed all that with this one . The faults I find with this system are trivial at best . My wife and I can talk at the same time and no static , fading , echoing , or any of the frustrations that disallowed us both being on the phone at the same time . The sound is clear . The messages are recorded clear and understandable . The directory is easy to use and to add to . And for those who can not get a clear answer message -LRB- a problem on mine -RRB- , use a remote handset to enter the message and mine works fine with a clear message . The speakerphones are fantastic . I highly recommend this phone .
 This is the first time in a long time that I 've been impressed with an AT&T product . Finally , a phone which has all of the features that I want : - 2.4 GHz DSS and frequency hopping so that it does n't interfere with my wireless network -LRB- it has no affect on my wireless network whatsoever , and my unwired laptop sits less than a foot away from the phone -RRB- ; - Full duplex speakerphone -- AT&T does n't seem to call alot of attention to this feature -LRB- it is noted only on the box -RRB- , but this is a must-have feature for my work environment , and the sound quality is better than other AT&T office phones that I 've used -LRB- though not quite up to the standard of my Polycom phone -RRB- ; - Headset port on the base with a button on the base that allows you to easily switch between speakerphone , headset , and the corded handset ; - Two lines -- why is this feature so unusual ?? - And a wireless handset for when I 'm not sitting next to the base.The phone worked perfectly right out of the box ; no need to register the included handset with the base . The clarity of the handset is excellent , and it has terrific distance , even though there is no antenna on the base , and just a short stub antenna on the handset . The handset is similar to the Panasonic 2700-series of expandable phones , though it is maybe an inch smaller and has the stub antenna -LRB- I have the Panasonic throughout my home , but I now prefer the AT&T -RRB- . AT&T has finally hit a home run , and it 's about time !
 I needed a two-line phone for my home / home office . I looked at a lot of phones , and while none were `` perfect '' for what I wanted this one is close . I wanted two lines , a base station , and expandible handsets . This phone has all of that . The only thing I did n't need was the answering machine . I use Phone Co. . Voice Mail . I wish this phone would tell me that I had messages in the VM , but it does n't unless you use its built in answering machine . -LRB- The SBC phone did show a light when there was VM , but it was not a two line phone -RRB- . Running a home office , I ca n't tell you the convienience of being able to answer the office line anywhere in the house with the push of an `` L2 '' button . This is my favorite feature . You can even make L2 ring differently . -LRB- I only wish that the settings like saved phone numbers , ring tones , and caller ID were syncrohinzed on all handsets - you have to set them separately -RRB- . Overall , great phone system ! I just bought another extension . I am up to 5 now plus the base !
 I spent 5 years wrestling the Siemens gigaset . This thing was so flaky and unreliable , that we eventually had to get another system . All the other expandable 2 line systems had some sort of major handicap , so we waited and waited.Now , AT&T ; all of a sudden seems to get it right . I 'm not saying that this thing is without its faults , it certainly is . But as far as the alternatives in this space , it seems to be the best one out there . As someone who avoided anything that even looked like it had some association to AT&T ; for the past 2 decades , I am surprised at how nice this thing is.Sound quality is quite good , as is range . The handsets , a huge siemens weakness , are really nice . Easy software features , simple use , a decent speakerphone , easy dialing , and a usable intercom , plus they are simply nice looking and tactile feel is high end.THe base is good also . The line selection thing is a tad awkward , but you just have to get used to it , then it will be fine . The speakerphone volume is poor , but it is not the end of the world . The commercial polycom and nortel speakerphones sound lousy also . The answering system is a huge improvement over the siemens , and the universal paging and intercom of the base to the handsets is really great.All in all , very pleased . 1 more thing , the handsets use AA batteries in a goofy battery carrier . I note this because there are consistent complaints of battery life issues on cordless phones . It appears that you can substitute a high MAh NiMH battery , in other words no $ 30 proprietary battery , which can save hundreds over a few years.So far , so good . Hope it does n't die in 11 months like all other consumer electronics seem to ...
 Like other reviewers , I had the same problem with about 25 % of line one calls cut off and the answering machine asking the caller for a security code . I tried 3 different E2562 phones including one replaced by AT&T. ; All the replacements had the same disconnect problem on line one . Line two was perfect on all phones.The reason I 'm giving this phone 4 stars is that I overcame the answering machine problem by using my phone providers voice mail for line one . The E2562 is far superior to other 2 line systems I 've tried including Uniden and VTech . The E2562 's sound quality , speakerphone quality and ease of use are the best I 've found in any phone . The handsets have a good feel and battery life is excellent.If you can live with the answering machine snafu , this is the best 2-line expandable phone system at an affordable price .
 I did a resasonable amount of research prior to purchasing this phone . We have owned several cordless phones over the years , different manufacturers , operating frequencies , etc. . My wife and I are VERY happy with this phone -LRB- and the E580-I handset we bought to go with it -RRB- . It is solid , sounds WONDERFUL , including the amazing -LRB- to me -RRB- handset-based speaker phone , and has very nice features . We do n't use all of the bells and whistles , but just as a cordless phone it is the most solid and wonderful sounding phone I have ever used . The answering machine is great , easy to set up and easy to use , sounds good , time tags calls , etc. . You can even listen to messages from the handset -LRB- we 've done that a few times -RRB- . I agree w / others that it would be nice to have a single call number database/memory that is shared by all handsets , but that 's the only -LRB- minor -RRB- complaint I have.Oh yes , I purchased the optional base station backup battery and our phone worked all through a recent multi-hour power failure . Nice !
 I can recommend this phone system for its sound quality and wireless reception . The handset speaker-phone is excellent , and the sound via an optional earphone is as well . Unfortunately , the interface has some unpleasant limitations . If you do n't have caller-ID , you 'll probably avoid the address book . Entering names is painful , and is n't shared between handsets -LRB- or even the base -RRB- . If you want to mix upper/lowercase letters , you 'll be pressing the keypad all day , as it cycles through all of the options on each number -LRB- e.g. ABC2abc or even worse PQRS7pqrs -RRB- . It would be nice if it answered when lifted off of the base , but that I can forgive.Our phones have worked well for about a year , and seem very reliable . They co-exist well with our wireless LAN -LRB- 802.11 g -RRB- , and have a good range . The handset-to-handset intercom works well , and the base will even automatically activate the speakerphone if you page it.This phone system has some flaws , but overall it 's a great performer .
 I had an AT & T phone , when it quit I bought another brand of answering machine and phone . Within 2 weeks I was looking for a new AT&T . They have volumes adjustments for the ringer , they have the toll saver option which is great when you check your messages and it it just a great sounding phone . I had bought a GE and had terrible results . I was told to return the phone and expect a new one in 4 weeks . What a joke . Thank goodness Amazon had AT&T .
 Phone exactly as advertised -- works great ! Telephone was new in the box and the price was better than that of reconditioned ones that were advertised on other sites .
 It rings - I answer it - and I can hear the person on the other end . Heck of a deal .
 A real nice cordless phone . A good display with lots of easy to use features . I would have liked the display to be a little brighter but it still is way better than the vtech it 's replacing . It 's the little brother of the number one multi handset unit as rated by Consumer Reports . So far , the sound has been crystal clear on all calls . I really like the speakerphone in the handset . I also like getting messages via the handset . The digital AND analog clock in the handset display is great when you 're out in the yard and forgot your watch .
 I had one of these phones that I bought two years ago . No troubles with it at all , and it has out lived most of the other cordlesses we 've owned . Then we got a really big puppy . Need I say more ? I needed a new handset , but unfortunately , this phone was discontinued . I was so delighted to find it from this supplier ! When it arrived and I unpacked it , to my dismay it did not have the number buttons on the desk unit . I phoned the supplier to send it back , but he offered me a credit and we 've combined phones and made it work . All happy .
 I needed a new answering machine and wanted a cordless handset . This system is perfect for our needs and was a great value to boot .
 a good amount of protection for mailing jewelry , and easy to close ... great price too compared to the ones I bought at the post office before , allowed me to charge less for shipping = -RRB-
 These mailers are fantastic quality for the price ! I love them for all my ebay needs . Small jewelry boxes , accessories , and even small candles will fit in these ! The adhesive is really secure and really sticky . Fantastic product .
 I received the order in less then a week , great shipping time . The bags are lighter then the ones I have been using , which makes my weight less , which is good . 5 stars for this seller .
 I sell a lot on ebay and these are the best price I 've found on the net . They are light , protective and inexpensive ; perfect all around !
 Padding is great , and they seal tight . No need for extra tape.They are great for making sure items you ship stay dry and protected.I use these to ship things sold on ebay and the 1/2 page labels that you can print from ebay fit the front of this mailer with very little room to spare , but they do fit.For the price I do n't think you can beat this !
 I bought several different sizes of these same style/brand packages to fill my shipping needs . These are small , plain , self-adhesive and simple so that make for a very non-flashy shipping option . The light weight adds minimal shipping weight , less than an ounce , while giving great protection to the contents.I will be buying more of these and several other sizes as well .
 Probably more than I needed but a great price and I expect will last me a long time . Perfect for shipping my smaller items , keychains and buttons . They 're very light but seem durable with a very good seal . Someone complained about the packaging -- I suppose it is a big box but I like it since it 's easy to grab from quickly .
 This envelopes are great , is just great for my needs , the package it came is very nice . Just love it
 Great product . Great for mailing . It 's weather proofed and has a tape there so you do not need anything else for it to mail . Great to protect your electronics too .
 I decided to try this type of bubble envelope after using the paper ones for several years . I like them because they bubbles are strong and will protect my products and the flaps seal great . They 're a great product at a great price .
 these are excellent . they are sturdy and well padded . the adhesive is very strong . I usually reinforce the seal with some scotch tape but there is no need with these envelopes . great all around . perfect size for USPS online print-out postage as well . at this price , it 's a steal
 I have purchased many different brands of continuous 2 part forms . This was one of the best in terms of weight and feel . Usually 2 part forms are thin and the bottom copy comes out faint with most dot matrix printers . This felt somewhat heavy and smooth.The only complaint I have is that the top 50 or so forms had a irretrievable dent right down the middle , did n't have time to return the box so I just pulled them off and started on the first good form . Do n't know what caused this but probably should be addressed by the company . Could be the box got squished in shipping at some point . That being said , the forms could n't be better , they take ink well and make decent copies.Shipping was very fast here in upstate NY .
 I purchased this phone for my elderly Mother and she loves it , each button is clearly visible and also lights up in darkness , the phone is very well made , has a nice appearance , useful features , and very good sound quality , I like the phone and am considering getting one for myself ...
 I also bought the headset hands free , and it 's a wonderfull combination . Easy to use .
 we had bought 3 other mutiphone sets and had to return all of them for one reason or another . They just didnt do the job . this one we have had now for a month with no problems and are very happy with it .
 I like the new features , especially the voice caller id and speaker phomes on handset .
 I like this phone system just fine . I would buy it again . I only give it 4 stars because the digital answering maching sound quility is not as good as I wish it was . You just ca n't beat the sound quality of voicemail service from your phone company with a phone based voicemail system such as the one on this phone .
 This phone is perfect for me especially with the speakerphone and voicemail features . Good buy and the seller met the delivery standards .
 The phone has all the options I was looking for !! The only slight problem was the talking caller ID that sounds like a robot speaking in a foreign language ! It took a number of calls to finally recognize my callers names ! Once you get over this you will like the phone for all the other great options .
 I love this phone ! I love the speakerphone on all including the base unit . Also , the choice of ringers and the size of the phone . The talking caller ID is fun but most of our calls are out of the area since we live away from family . Oh yes , the lights that flash when a call comes in or when we have a message is nice . As I age , my biggest complaint with landlines or cell phones is the volume in the earpiece . I usually put it on speakerphone because I hear the caller better . . even with the voice enhancer . But overall , this phone is great .
 I had an older model of this answering machine/phone combo and needed to replace it . I saw that a similar Uniden phone was rated highly in Consumer Report so I thought I 'd give it a try . There was one problem after another with that phone so I returned it and went back to Panasonic.This phone not only works great , it also is easy to use . I like the audible caller ID -LRB- once you get used to the way it pronounces -RRB- , the menus are intuitive , and I especially like the fact that you can listen to your messages with the hand set !! I highly recommend this phone , in fact my mom just ordered one for herself !
 We have been very happy with the performance of the phone . We have not used all the features ... just the basics .
 A great phone especially if you have wireless internet in your home and do n't want interference . We have had it for a month or two now and love it . Works great and has great features . The talking caller i.d. is a fun , yet annoying feature . But that can be turned off ... if I could ever figure out how .
 I do n't like how the phone sticks out when mounted on the wall because our kitchen cabinet door bumps it if you are not careful . Our previous wall mounted phone layed flat against wall . Nothing we can do about it unless we put it on the counter which I do n't want to do . Otherwise , the phone works great .
 Put the phone next to my bed but when the phone rings in the dark hard to push the right button to answer the phone.The audio on the answering machine is an improvement from the previous answering machine , but lots of confusing buttons here as well . Look for more intuitive design . But it works and is adequate .
 No issues over its functionality . The product is good but unfortunately , it is difficult to browse the menu options . You will be shown missed calls but difficult to see the missed numbers . Very importantly , further difficult is to trace the lost handset from the base terminal .
 Panasonic KX-TG5672BI am a work at home telecommuter and although I do n't have excessive needs , there were several features I have found to be near vital for the work at home person . * comfortable headset which stands upright easily . * headset speaker phone with mute * base unit speakerphone with mute * 5.8 GHz to not interfere with wireless network * digital answering machine * call waitingFor someone just starting out as a telecommuter , the speakerphone features and mute features are indispensible . Some people prefer headsets , but I find it too similar to being leashed to your desk . A good headset speakerphone prides a quality speaker with which you can listen to conference calls , while on mute , and the microhones are very good quality so those on the other line can hear you well . The Panasonic KX-TG5672B is all of this.The base system is not too large and take up too much room . Additional features like being able to interact with the answering machine from the headsets is a very nice feature also.I had a V-Tech cordless phone previously and there is a noticeable quality difference between the V-Tech and Panasonic brands . I did quite a bit of research and read many reviews on the cordless , 5.8 GHz , answering machine + speakerphone models . The Panasonic really seems to be out in front.I have been very satisfied with the KX-TG5672B , it has proved itself to be well made and I have had no issues in the 4 months I have used it . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I purchased this phone system as a gift . I set it up and used it extensively . The handsets have features that you are used to finding in a cell phone . Many different ring tones to choose from , the antenna lights up when a call comes in . You can even set special colors and ring tones for specific callers so you 'll know when they 're calling without picking up the handset.Talking caller ID is great too . No more rushing to find the phone only to discover it 's a sales pitch or a call that could wait.I set this phone up on a voice over IP cable modem phone and the calls are loud and clear.The phone is running next to an 802.11 b/g wireless computer network and has NO interference at all.One suggestion to make the batteries last longer
 I liked sound clarity and all features of the phone including Answering machine sound quality.Base and handset speakerphone is excellent.Took out one star because there is speed dial from base and not handset.Update
 I just love this phone , I did a lot of research for a new phone as I have not bought one for more than 8 years . I previous had a Uniden and I had a problem losing calls with the flash being so close to the ear piece and I was ready for a phone that was designed different . I love this phone clear and no static , two headsets are great . Everything is great with this phone has so many of the features I looked for in a phone .
 I bought two sets of this model . Used it for AT&T CallVantage , Internet phone calls . It does excellent job . Clear and loud enough for people with hearing loss . Panasonic always has the best phones .
 This is a great phone . The only thing it is missing is the buttons to light up so you can dial in the dark.Answering machine in the base and you can dial from base using speakerphone . This phone talks . When someone calls it reads aloud the name showing on the caller i.d. Handsets are just like cell phones . Two handsets are nice , just plug in to the wall and it communicates with the other handset and the base unit . Fabulous .
 This phone performs very well . It has all the latest features and is easy to use . I use it with a Digital Voice set up from my cable company , which runs the phone line through a modem and the voice clarity is EXCELLENT both ways . My only complaint is that the talking caller ID mis-pronounces everything and sounds a bit ridiculous .
 I recently purchased the Panasonic KX-TG5672B phone . This phone has everything needed and more.The phone kit included two handsets and the base which can also be used as a speakerphone unit . Each handset has the convenience of retrieving phone messages . To know if you have a new message , just look at the atenna on either phone . It is illuminated . Each phone has lots of room for personal contact numbers . There is also a conference selection . If you need to tell someone something in another room and you do n't feel like yelling , pick up the phone and conference to the other phone . It is so cool . There are other options , but way to many to list.The clarity on each phone is crystal clear . No fuzzy or hollow sounds or static . I had other cordless phones , the other person 's voice sounded hollow . Not this Panasonic.The price on Amazon was amazing . Most cordless digital phones come with one handset . Any additional handsets must be purchased seperately usually over $ 60.00 This phone came with it all for an unbelievable low price of $ 92.00 plus free shipping.I highly recommend this phone . It took me awhile to find this phone , but I 'm glad I did n't settle for anything else .
 We purchased this phone to solve the problem of interferance between our wireless network and our Uniden 2.4 Ghz cordless phone . This phone completely solved the problem , and delivers the clearest calls I 've ever heard on a cordless phone . The talking caller id feature is great when you ca n't get to the phone right away . I would recommend this phone to anyone having problems with interferance between wireless devices and a cordless phone or if your tired of hearing lots of static from your cordless . The price from Amazon was EXCELLENT compared to other retail stores .
 I recently put this unit into use . It has many nice features which I really like ; BUT , be advised :1 . The message alert button on the base is very small and very dim . You have to look very carefully to seeif it is blinking . My previous answering machine had a much bigger , brighter light .2 . The LCD screen on the base is small and could be easier to read .3 . There is speed dialing ONLY from the base , NOT from the handsets . You must use the Phone Book ordial the number yourself from the handsets . My previous unit had speed dialing on the handset .4 . The message player could be clearer . Sometime I have some difficulty understanding a message.The sound seems a bit muffled . My previous machine was clearer.CONCLUSION
 We got this model to eliminate interference with our wireless network , but it turns out the bulk of problems are coming from the neighbors . The sound quality is not quite up to par with our old 2ghz phone , but the handsets are small and comfortable , and we like the color-coded light signal . It would be nice to be able to turn off the ringer on the base unit , but if this is possible we have n't been able to figure out how to do it .
 I 've had this unit for well over a year and it still works great . I 've recommended it to friends and they rave as well . I could be picky about the details in this phone , but it 's just a treat to have something function so well and so consistantly . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I have had the original system about 4 years and the additional handset that I purchased from Amazon 2 years -LRB- ? -RRB- . I get great reception and have n't had to replace a battery yet.G Stroy
 We like this phone . The voice announcement is cute enough , and every other feature and aspect is what we want and need . It seems to have a range of about 400 feet , only , and that 's outside over flat ground ; I wish it had more .
 My husband bought this phone for me b/c I work from home from time to time . The old phone we had was frustrating to use , and it was time for an upgrade.I find these particular features essential : - speakerphone-mute-hold-call waiting-intercom-answering machineThere are lots of other features like memo and conference that I do n't use regularly , but are good to have.Love the quality and the various features . Definitely worth the $ . Makes for working from home more pleasant .
 This phone has some nice features - the light flashes on the phone when it rings , you can pick up messages from any phone , choose your ring , etc. . I miss the `` page '' feature that was on my last phone - now if it is off the cradle we have to search for the phone rather than page it . The computer tries to read the name on the incoming call , which is often hard to understand , but still a fun feature .
 Panasonic KX-TG5672B 5.8 GHz FHSS GigaRange Digital Cordless Answering System with Dual HandsetsI love this phone . The sound coming out from the handset is very clear , it has a talking caller ID , which is a very cool feture . You can also check your messages from your handset . The only drawback is the price , it 's too expensive . Other than that this is a must have phone .
 This is the 4th cordless phone system I 've bought from Panasonic . I 've been dissapointed with cordless products from other manufacturers in the past and have learned to stick with the winner , Panasonic . We are still learning how to use the many features . It was easy to transfer phone numbers from one extension to the other with a few clicks of a button . One feature annoys us is that all incoming calls are kept in a list and named missed calls even though they were answered . They have to be manually removed . Perhaps we just do n't know how to fix this feature yet . Also the base unit does n't mount flat against the wall or the handset would fall out so they have a wall mount adapter that sets the base unit at an angle which causes the unit to project 6 '' out from the wall . Overall it is still a great product .
 The phone is pretty good . The sound quality is no better or worse than a cheaper phone that I had prevously . My only gripe is that the keys do not light up , so if you are in a dark room you need to flip the light switch to dial .
 Awesome Phone system With many features . It has everything and does everything and is super easy to set up and use . Great sound/voice quality . The only flaw would be the keypads are not lit for night dialing , That may be a problem for some . Previously had -LRB- Panasonic KX-TG5622M -RRB- a piece of junk , But this model is a winner .
 I received my answering machine/phone two weeks ago . I had a Uniden which was awful after several months use . My calls no longer break up or fade as they did with the Uniden . The answering machine is simple to use and the functions are very easy to see . The calls are crystal clear and I am very satisfied . My parents bought one based on my recommendation and they love it . Now my sister will purchase one . I do not need the phone to light up as some customers have complained it does not . The overall quality is more important to me .
 I purchased this for my girlfriend , she loves it , does n't have to get up to see who is call , it speaks it out for you . I have seen where some people said that the address book ca n't be transferred between phones , but that is n't true , it works great . The phone audio quality is great , and the colored antenna light to tell you what type of person is calling -LRB- friend , family , unknown , etc. is really a nice feature -RRB- . Only regret is that I should have bought the unit with 3 phones , we already see a use for a third phone so I am going to buy one to add to the system .
 very good phone , really clear sound ~ do n't need to keep asking people to `` please spell that for me '' . it has a nice array of features that one would actually use ! a cool , kinda childish , but useful item is the color of the caller notification is adjustable ! it 's the little things in life.I do n't understand why , but the caller ID seems to have trouble with the ID of the caller . this could be the phone or the phone service i am using , do n't know ? other delightful aspects are ; voice enhancement , boost , adjustable ringer tone -LRB- any tone -RRB- , nice base layout with large enough buttons so that you can use your finger , not the end of a pen , to depress the keys , and almost every option can be turned on or off ~ ca n't do that in XP.it does have a limit number of autodial # 's it will accept , and the batteries are of a special panasonic type.paul
 It is a great product but some time the other caller complains that the voice is very faint . But works very good for most of the time.Features that I like in this products are :1 . Calling the caller-id name2 . Excellent Voice receiving3 . Battery lifeFeature that I do n't like is :1 . Transmit Voice quality not always very good
 The only flaw I do n't like about it is the call log and caller ID . The handsets are n't linked so that when you review your call log on one handset it notes that on all the others . So one handset will show that you 've missed several calls when you actually got them or reviewed the call log on another handset . Also , the caller ID is n't coordinated with the phone book . The call will show a generic listing as `` wireless caller '' when I 've programmed my phone book with that number to come up under a specific name.Otherwise , the phone 's great . Great reception , very clear , love the expandable handsets , the speakerphone is high quality , etc. . . etc. . .
 This is a nice phone . Works well . But , if I had some input in the design , I would not locate the mute button and the OFF button so close together . I would make the incoming call log larger -LRB- I think you can only go back 1 or 2 numbers to call back . -RRB- I would make have the base unit handle 5 -LRB- not just 3 -RRB- handsets . The speed call would be common to all phones , though you can copy `` phone books '' between units , it just another complication . The speaker phone and answer machine functions work well and controls seem fairly intuitive . The caller ID announcement can be pretty nerve-wracking , but I suppose I will eventually figure out how to turn the volume down . All-in-all , without trying other brands , I am pretty satisfied with this unit and the handsets
 Before making this purchase I read many reviews for many different phones . This phone had the greatest number of reviews with only a very few dissatisfied customers -LRB- 4 of 69 -RRB- . I carefully read the negative comments . If you understand that there is no phone that will make everyone happy , this one comes out far ahead of the game.The best features are the talking caller ID , easy to use and understand answering system , advanced cell phone type features such as specific ringtones for different callers , clarity of sound and easy set up.The size of the talk and off buttons was mentioned by a few reviewers . This phone is light and compact . The size of the buttons is also compact but not uncomfortably so . I use reading glasses and I have no problem either seeing or using any of the buttons without my glasses.Most importantly , I feel the phone is a good value for the money .
 This phone set is really more than what I needed but I am enjoying using all the features .
 Ordering the product was very easy and I received the product in a very timely manner . It was easy setting up the phone system and have had no problems at all with it . I also like the fact that when you set up one phone with frequently used phone numbers , you did not have to set the other phone up . It automatically does it .
 I gave it 5 stars mainly because I have no issue with this phone . We have had it several months and it works . The handsets seem to hold a charge pretty well , the voice quality is good , it does not interfere with our DSL -- no complaints.Jim
 Easy to use , good reception with a lot of useful features , like transfering numbers from one handset to the other .
 Looks good , works well , rings LOUD ! The talking caller ID is a bit difficult to understand , but does come in handy when deciding whether the call is worth sprinting for or not when you find yourself away from a handset .
 I 'm very happy with this phone . It comes with an additional handset and base that we have in another room and the reception is good . I can take the phone anywhere with me in the house and still have clear reception and it has all the other features you would expect , i.e. , speaker phone , mute , conference , redial etc. .
 Phone has a good range and the speakerphone is loud enough to hear it . Satisfied with the purchase .
 I 've bought lots of cordless phones over the years and this is without a doubt the best one I 've ever had . I 've usually spent more money on them ... I 'll see how well it holds up .
 this is very nice phone.during 3 weeks , I could not find any bad thingsI bought from Amazon , the price was very good too
 I bought this product from Amazon because a friend recommended it to me . And I am very happy to report that this is a great little phone packed with great features and great wire-free communication quality.I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a reliable cordless phone . Its absolutely worth the price !!
 Bought this for my mother to replace her aging Panasonic 900MHz -LRB- KX-TC1741B , an excellent unit for its time -RRB- and a horribly deficient RadioShack house brand cordless -LRB- that did n't even tell its frequency -RRB- . Two handsets are enough for the layout of her house , but she 's happy knowing that she could add a third in the future.The base unit is about 2 feet from a wireless-G access point , with no interference to date -LRB- 2 months after installation -RRB- . The only remotely negative comment she could come up with was that the new unit does n't have a missed-call indicator . But as she added afterwards , `` You 've got to pick up the handset to check ID anyway . '' Her favorite feature is the talking Caller ID ; it lets her , as she put it , `` ignore the phone without ignoring the phone , '' particularly during meals.She has n't begun using the Address Book yet , but as with the opening for a third handset , she 's happy to know it 's there.Can ' t comment on battery life or durability yet , but based on the feel of it and the lifespan of her previous Panasonic phone , I 'm not worried .
 I 'm probably not the best person to contrast this phone to others since I replace a 12 year old Sony phone , but this is a nice phone based on my experiences . Good reception - clear sound - caller ID announces callers so you do n't have to run to look at the caller ID - nice size - etc , etc. . I recommend the phone period.Only drawback I can think of is that the two phones are idependent - you must copy over phonebook entries and erase caller ID memory separately for each phone .
 I has owned serveral Panasonic cordless phones since 1995 . This set is my fifth . It has come along way from my last set in 900 Mhz band . I skipped the whole 2.4 Ghz generation because I know it would interfere with my wireless network.This set has improved over my last Panasonic cordless -LRB- KX-TCC936B -RRB- in many ways . - The speaker phone on the handset
 After purchasing cordless phones for several years , this is the first integrated cordless/speakerphone/intercom / digital answering system I 've purchased . In a word , this system is GREAT ! Clear incoming/outgoing signal , great speakerphone -LRB- on each handset , as well as the main base unit -RRB- and digital answering system . Other features like incoming call announce & flashing light/incoming call alert are nice additions as well . The only things missing from the system are belt clips for the handsets -LRB- another nice to have that we 've used with previous cordless phones for years -RRB- . Great features , good quality , no real negatives to speak of ... a great package at a really good price .
 the key pad does n't light up which we find helpful when it does.also there is no phone finder beep from the base to locate the handset.otherwise the phones are great if you can do without those two things.the charge lasts and the phone book stores only 50 numbers . I 'd recommendthis product in the future .
 This phone works very well . I have been looking for a Panasonic cordless phone for a while with the dial pad on the base . I was not able to find one at this price.I am enjoying my new phone . .
 I purchased this Panasonic phone about a month ago and so far its performed very well . Voice quality is very clear , range is good though I do notice some slight interference if I go too many rooms -LRB- and therefore walls -RRB- away from the base station , the speaker phone is quite clear though the mic could be better . Net , net , the phone has done what I purchased it for . If you need a 2 line phone with some features , the options are few and far between . I have not used the answering machine and most likely never will . I would have preferred to buy the same phone with no answering machine , but Panasonic does n't make it . I 've had quite a few Panasonic phones over the last 20 years and have tried VTECH , Uniden , and AT&T as well . I keep coming back to Panasonic for the quality .
 We searched high and low for a new cordless phone for our kitchen which we had just re-built . Panasonic had a great reputation and this phone appeared to have everything we wanted . When it arrived we had 1 dissappointment . In the photo the phone was a silver color and the phone we received was black . Be aware that the phone comes in two different colors ! We also were not able to mount it on the wall as it was too close to our new cabinets . However , it looks great on the counter top and it works great ! The voices are clear and the built-in answering machine is easy to understand . The extension or extra handset we got with it is also very handy and recommended !
 We 've been very pleased with this purchase . My wife loves having speaker phones on the handsets . When she is put on hold she switches to speakerphone and sets the handset down while she goes on with her chores . If she has to go to another room she simply carries the handset with her . When she goes off hold she goes out of speakerphone mode.I 've used the speaker phone on the base station for tele-conferences and it works well.We also like the feature where a light on the antenna flashes when there are new messages on the answering machine . We do n't have to go to the study and look at the answering machine to see if we have new messages -LRB- which we often used to forget to do with our previous answering machine -RRB- .
 The phone is pretty good . The sound quality is no better or worse than a cheaper phone that I had prevously . My only gripe is that the keys do not light up , so if you are in a dark room you need to flip the light switch to dial .
 The phone looks neat and has a good sound quality . I recommend it highly .
 Positive
 About 2 months ago I bought this phone . So far it has worked perfectly . Everything is great about it .
 This phone was easy to install , great instructions . Voice quality is terrific . Could have made `` on / off '' button a bit easier to see for those with less than perfect vision . Overall , an excellent buy .
 The reception range is excellent . Features are great . Voice quality is good not excellent . Our one real complaint - and perhaps we have a defective model - but if you record an outgoing message for the answering machine -LRB- as opposed to using the automated built-in message -RRB- , the audio quality of that recorded message is so poor people find it hard to understand your message . We have tried recording and re-recording numerous times and were never able to get a good enough quality recording .
 Love the speaker in both sets.Voice quality of speaker much improved over my previous panasonic . Looks good , also like the memory function for quick dialing to others .
 We got rid of an ATT phone we bought < 1 year ago because the battery life was horrible ! This phone is outstanding -- great battery life and good reception . Very easy to use the message retrieving system too .
 We really enjoy this phone ... it rocks . My only complaint is that the signal does n't go as far as I would like it to ; it works fine within the house but in the backyard it begins to break up . Otherwise , everything is where you think it would be ... very easy to use .
 Have been using this phone now for several months and we really like it . I keep the one handset next to my hubby 's puter and the other one handy for me . He can also take the handset out into the garage , which is n't attached to the house , when I am not in the house so that he can answer the phone . There is no loss of signal , tone is good and voice quality isexcellent . All in all , an excellent buy for the money !
 Fat Cat products rock ! This is really cute , a toy for Tinky and a pad for me !!! The only negative is the way the sardine toy is attached to the notepad , it leaves little holes in the cover of the notepad . I think it would be great if the toy was attached a different way so I would feel better about giving this item as a gift to my cat lovin friends .
 Awesome for the POS system in our Medical Marijuana Dispensary . Plugged it right into the receipt printer , set printer settings to open the drawer , and it was running in about a minute . Has plenty of different compartments for coins in 2 rows , and also has the 5th bill slot for receipts or $ 100 's if you are so inclined . Slots in front are nice to slide in the credit slips.Being the McGuiver that I am , I went a step further mounted it via numerous sheet metal screws under the glass topped counter . The case is rugged enough that there was no distortion and it works like a champ . Check the dimensions , because it 's a tad larger than expected . It 's a winner .
 Quality Material . Works flawlessly with our Epson printers.It 's still a little light.You might want to screw it down .
 This is heavy duty & really good price compared to others.I use this in 3 of my stores and have not had any probelems and has worked with all the printers .
 Well built . Easy to use . Some documentation or a weblink would be nice for the novice installers to get things setup .
 Very well made case and relay used to open drawer is smooth and of high quality . Far surpasses the cheapies .
 I bought this cash drawer for my new POS setup which is using a MacMini + Checkoutapp + Star TSP143 Printers . I wasnt 100 % sure it would work , but another reviewer told me it would so I took the chance . I 'm happy to confirm it was just plug and play . Auto opens when the receipt prints with a little `` DING '' which is a nice touch .
 I would definitely make a purchase from this company again , as decribed and works very well . Great purchase . Very fast shipment that was great .
 This register plugs directly into a POS printer and works without problem ! No extra software needed , only the software required to run the printer !
 I know the dect would be the feature of choice but this phonehas the absolute sweetest display ever.all in color with multiplecolors , what a beautiful phone was $ 199.00 anywhere when it hit themarket 4-5 years ago.top quality construction.sturdy , & durable plusalot of add-ons ... thumbs way up on this item no doubt .
 I bought this phone because of this excellent range and customization features . However , I was up to a big surprise . I am not entirely sure why this happens , but this phone can indicate if I receive voice mail in my vonage telephone service !! This is an amazing plus , since before I was always unaware whether I received I call if I did not check my vonage router . By the way , my vonage router is Motorola VT2442 . I am not sure whether this makes any difference.I thought about using the skype service , but I think Panasonic goofed in this one . The skype function must be connected to a PC , so the PC must be turned on 24 hours a day . This is certainly not ecologic way to provide skype support . I wish they could have provide the skype support at the phone , so I should just to connect an ethernet cable.Don ' t buy the video option . It is bad quality and impractical . I wished to use as a baby monitor , but it only allows me to see for 10 minutes before turning it off . Instead of this lousy video monitor option , I wish they could have maded it a video door phone ! It would be much more useful .
 When you receive a call from someone whos ' number is in your phonebook , the caller ID displays the caller 's name as it is sent by the phone service carrier , not as it is stored in your phonebook . For example
 i love the caller id announcer . that is great . it did take me awhile to figure out it had a handset locator . all around good phone but i think i was happier with my past v-tech and uniden .
 We bought three additional phones with this answering system , and now have a great intercom system for our house . At last , we can put the phones where we need them , as only the answering system needs to be plugged into a phone jack . This system meets all our needs and expectations .
 This phone works as I would expect from Panasonic ; good call quality and product construction . The speaker on the handset works well but battery life is limited to under 2 hours when on speaker . Overall , you will not be disappointed with this purchase .
 I was basically very satisfied with this product with the exception of the volume level . At the highest volume it is still fairly difficult to hear the other party . If I had known this I probably would not have bought this phone as this is fairly important to the function of the phone .
 This phone the kx-tg5776s is the best phone i ever used i have tried kx-tg5631s and kxtg-5672b and nothin but problems with them humming and weird noises and some callers told me my voice would go in and out . well then i got this model with the color screen and i am thinking about buying another one for my other line i use comcast digital voice service through my cable company and i have no complaints with this phone . before when i had the kx-tg5631s and the kxtg-5672b i didnt like the caller id read out it would show the name and flash the number i found that to be annoying . if anyone is thinking about buying this one try it and you will like it
 My family finally teased me enough about our 1990ish Sony phone . Bought this one and could n't be happier . Have not installed a camera on the system so I ca n't comment on that . Everything works great and it was a snap to install and setup .
 I have this Panasonic KX-TG5776S foe 2.5 month.COOL TOY for people who like good stuff in the house.easy to use just take a time for self.file wav only for this phone that can do it.Cut past song 30 sec any song you like do it.convert mp3 to wav then use Panasonic software.Easy to use cid call id very thing is color.Phonebook name who you like then u use color rings show up caller and song.If you do not want pick up phone will talk CID.Your telephone company send signal to your cid.My company is verizon is very good and i have DSL do not for get filter big sound at telephone if do not do it.Wallpaper come with this phone choose any picture u like to will do it like desktop computer at front of your telephone.I bought cheap from amazon with my credit card $ 30 off plus that why like amazon In the store will cost me more .
 For me the most important feature of a phone is the quality of the sound . I found this phone -LRB- s -RRB- system to works perfectly . Trading up from an old Panasonic system was well worth the price . The clarity of the sound was amazing . As a senior citizen , my hearing is pretty bad at the high frequencies . With my old system I could barely understand the caller using the hand phone or the speaker phone . No problems now . Other aspects of the system which are great
 Very good phone system . I purchased to replace my old Uniden EXI8965 . I originally had purchased the AT&T ; E5965C 5.8 GHz DSS Expandable Cordless Phone with Answering System , but returned that within a month when one of the displays went . I also did n't like the fact that the `` phone books '' were not transferable as THEY ARE with this PANASONIC !!! So far the Panasonic has lived up to its marketing literature . I thing the features of the phone are great . I am a little hard of hearing , but have no problem with hearing callers or the phone `` ring '' . It also has great range and no problem existing with a wireless Computer network.There are only 2 cons : one is that they DO NOT have a battery backup for it yet . -LRB- THE TCA200 is NOT COMPATIBLE !!! BEWARE !!! -RRB- The other is the Talking Caller ID does not use the phone book and will not announce Cell phone callers properly .
 I love this phone!Pros : I love that it announces the phone number of the caller . The voice is clear . The screen is in color . After scanning through the messages and caller ID on phone number two , it automatic clears up the `` Message '' and `` Missed calls '' from phone number one . The phone has a message indicator in which you can change the indicator . I have one phone indicator set for multi-colored . On the display , the phone states that the phone has been charged . The software that comes with the phone allows you to add wall paper to the phone , make your own ringer etc. . It comes with the USB cable and another cable . The lighted keypad on the handsets is great!Cons : The phone does not come with a belt clip but is okay . However , I would rather they not provide me with a belt clip than not to provide me with the other accessories . The scroll button in the middle is sensitive but I am getting use to it . My greatest dislike about this phone is that you can not change the way that the incoming phone number is displayed on the telephone which makes the re-dial button non-functioning . Panasonic use to have a function where you had control over the displaying of incoming numbers but they removed that function BUT they need to restore that function!The pros out ways the cons which makes this phone a good buy !
 The colored screen and lighted key pad are a plus . Tons of options . Fun to use . The answering machine can be shut off if your phone company offers voice mail . The expandable headsets are a great feature . The talking caller id is a great bonus . The silver color makes for a smart modern look !
 I purchased this phone to be used with a VoIP line . I have found no distorsion , no buzzing or any noise whatsoever . Range is quite awesome considering that my house is made of cement blocks not wood . I can be anywhere and have a clear reception.Speakerphone in both handset and base work extremely well , they should be full duplex , but I 'm not sure . A feature I love is the ability to hear the answering machine from the handset not only from the base.Cons
 Tried several and this is the best for us , I ca n't hear good , but I can hear and understand this one
 The phone is a good buy for the price . I often use it in my shop about 125 ' from the house and it works very well . The sound quality is fair . But all in all it is about as good as you can get for the price .
 Bought this set -LRB- and 3 more handsets -RRB- to use as intercom and phone . Searched to find one with backlit keys , answering machine , and other features . Works fine , and features -LRB- intercom -RRB- have a lot of flexibility . It is possible to store , edit , and upload address book to phones with included software -LRB- PC only -RRB- . Sound quality seems a bit buzzy compared to an older cordless phone we had used previously , but perhaps that varies depending on luck with quality of particular base unit . -LRB- All 4 handsets were similar in sound quality -RRB- . Handsets are small and convenient , no particular problems using keys . Speaker phone feature works OK and has turned out to be convenient . Easy to switch from speaker to earpiece at press of button .
 I bought this phone having high expectations and I am happy to say that I was not disappointed . The battery life is good , the sound quality is very good and overall there is nothing negative that I could find after using the phone for three months . That the talking caller ID is not working too well here is a problem with my phone company rather then the phone.Hence I can only recommend this phone to anyone .
 My Panasonic base station stopped working , so I ordered this used replacement . It looks like new and works fine . It arrived before the estimated date , so I 'm happy .
 Panasonic KX-TG5776S 5.8 GHz FHSS GigaRange Expandable Digital Cordless Phone SystemWe 've had this for a while and love it . I purchased it because the ring has sufficient volume for my husband who is hard of hearing . Has a good ID and voices , in a way , the caller 's name and or location . My Mother also has the telephone system as does our son and family . You can keep the phone close to you anywhere in the house !
 Excellent phone.Pros
 Our old Panasonic answering machine broke and I had no idea how stupid the new ones had become . This was the only one I could find with over 20 minutes of answering time and decent sound . This was the third one I tried and so far so good . It has all the `` obsolete '' features like telling you how many messages are on the machine , signaling when new ones have arrived , etc. . Range has been acceptable , no problems walking around the yard , though I have n't walked down the street while on a call . Easy to set up as well .
 great phone -LRB- though over-priced -RRB- like being able to create your own wallpaper And ring-tones -LRB- the ring I have is not available through the normal chanels -RRB- wife loves the phone -LRB- installed picture of our grand-son and that sold the phone + one of a kind ring-tone -RRB- am ordering another one
 This phone came with an easy to use computer disk and cable . I hooked up to my computer , entered all the contact information with speed and easy . I down loaded pictures to set with each phone number of family members . I created and downloaded ringtones to add to this phone , it is great ! I purchased it for my elderly parents who could not see very well and had trouble hearing a regular phone . The bright color screen with large display and numbers made it very easy for them to see . The buttons light up making it easy for them to place calls in a low light situation . The Talking caller ID is not the clearest , but helped them hear that the phone is ringing . This is a high tech phone that , when programed via computer with all the personal informaiton , is really easy to operate for the low tech like my parents . The clarity of the calls were great ! I could hear my parents better and they could hear me better . No more yelling back and forth ... `` Can you hear me now ? '' I was also able to set their favorite picture as wallpaper on the main screen . Battery is also easy to install and replacements are inexpensive . The cons to this phone is that you can only download ringtones in . wav format . This sent me searching for online conversions rather than using my mp3 files that I already have on my computer .
 http://www.amazon.com/Panasonic-KX-TG5776S-GigaRange-Expandable-Cordless/dp/B000F8L510/ref=pd_bbs_2?ie=UTF8&s;=electronics&qid;=1211922115&sr;=8-2I purchased the KX-TG5776 from Globazar . This company has my highest praises . They were super when I had a problem with the phone , which was not even their fault . It was Panasonic , had to do with the picutre ID on the phone . Globazar made me the fastest trade of the phone imaginable . Phone calls and emails were answered almost instantly . What a nice transation this has been . Just in case you are wondering about the problem with the phone
 My family really enjoys this phone . I never thought I would use the words enjoy and phone together in the same sentence unless talking about 1-900 numbers :--RRB- . Anyway , the speaker phone feature is excellent and the phone is comfortable when this feature is not being used.The best feature is the ability to associate audio clips with phone numbers . I associated `` Darth Vader 's Death March '' to my mother in-laws phone number ; for the first time ever I now smile every time she calls.The phone does attempt to say the name of the caller -LRB- if you have caller ID -RRB- . It does an ok job at this.We do not use the multiple handset/base station feature of the phone.I would highly recommend this product for its speaker phone alone ... add to that the ability to associate music clips with phone numbers and you have a phone that the entire family will enjoy using .
 This is the best phone system I 've ever owned . It 's absolutely perfect for me . It takes a little time and patience to program , but its well worth it . No more ugly ringing . All 6 phones play my current favorite song for incoming calls , then announces the name of the caller . Now how wonderful is that ! No more scrambling for my reading glasses to see who 's calling . I 've assigned individual songs for each of my friends and family , so as soon as I hear their song , I know exactly who 's calling me . Not to mention that their picture also appears on each handset screen . I 've also assigned different wallpaper -LRB- from my collection art and personal photos stored on my computer -RRB- to each handset so I always know at a glance what room the handset belongs in.I loved the phones so much that I had to share the joy . So , I bought my best friend a set for her birthday . We are both singers , so this system is an expression of our love of music . She 's just as enamored with the telephones as I am , especially the freedom of not have to run for reading glasses to be able to see the Caller ID .
 This phone is everything it says it is . We havne ' t even checked all the features as yet , just the ones we need . The loudness is great , and very much adjustable . We love it ...
 This phone is good looking and reasonably well built , compared to the other stuff that is coming out now . THere are two key features that drew me to this phone : - USB port to control the directory from the computer . I 've been holding on to buying a new phone , waiting for this feature . - TAD set from the caller ID information . I hate clocks that are out of sync , I only buy things that now how to find out about the time.The main drawback seems to be that the customizations are not propagated from phone to phone when you copy the directory , nor can they be manioulated from the phonebook utility on the PC . really odd , looks like a no-brainer . Otherwise , it does very well what a phone is supposed to do , good clarity , good coverage , good ergonomics .
 Used and seen a lot of phones in my days but , the Panasonic is by far the best . Clear sailing w / style and features that are intuitive . Skip the rest , buy the best , Panasonic . Now , I 'm wondering about their microwave oven line . We 'll see soon .
 I bought this phone and two additional handsets to replace a 2.4 GHz AT&T ; that was causing interference on that popular frequency . Panasonic has a great reputation regarding their phones and this one has n't disappointed.Pros : * Reception is crystal clear - to my ears just about equivalent to a corded unit . Also , I experience no distortion - no buzzing , hissing , line noise or digital artifacts . A Uniden CLX-485 I auditioned would fade in and out for no reason - an example of a phone system which looked awesome did everything beautifully , except for the most important thing . * Range is quite far for a 5.8 Ghz phone , better than an AT&T ; EP5995 I also tried and the Uniden . * The handset is wider than this model 's predecessor , the KX-TG5576M - important for people with larger hands . Additionally , the tactile feel is good - not as slick-feeling and the buttons have a nice touch . Holding the phone for long periods feels okay ; it 's not a strain . * Talk time is excellent . For example , after two hours of both conventional and speaker phone use the battery meter did n't budge . I keep the phones in their chargers so ca n't speak about standby-time . * Speakerphones on both handset and base work very well -LRB- although I do n't believe they 're full duplex -RRB- , and the answering machine works fine . The outgoing message clarity , recorded through the base only , is adequate and incoming message clarity is acceptable . * The handset menu , which controls many system functions , is easy to use and easy to see , thanks to the bright , nicely colored display . * `` Auto Talk ''
 This phone is the bees knees . The clarity and the range are far out . I can take the phone out the front door and down the street two houses and still talk . If you like to use the speaker as I do , the callers on the phone will not even know they are on speaker at all . My sister used to get so mad at me when I used my AT&T ; speaker phone to talk with her . Now , she does n't even know that I am using the speaker on my cordless . lol That 's how great the sound quality is on this Panasonic phone.The phone is set up like a cell phone so setting it up is fairly easy . You can download photos , ringtones , and your address book . The color screen is great if you have problems with your eyes as I do.The software is easy to use . It comes with quite few photos and picture IDs that can be used or you can make your own . You just select your own picture and it converts it . *** CONS *** There is no display that shows the number you are dialing on the base unit.The Panasonic software requires that your address book be converted to CSV which is easy . However , after you convert your address book to CSV and import it into the software , you will need to do some finessing with some of the names and numbers . It only lets you choose either first or last name and not both . That aggravated me to no end . I spent 30 minutes fixing names and numbers before I downloaded them to the handset . However , the transfer process was n't bad and it only took seconds . I downloaded my address book to both handset rather than using the handset address copy feature . It 's nice that Panasonic has the copy address to handset features tho.I have Cox Cable Telephone and the CID database used is out of date . The Talking CID says what the phone line displays . However , it would be nice if the CID looked in your address book like your cell phone does.They did n't included the belt clip . Which is no big deal but for the price one pays for this phone unit , it would be nice if Panasonic included it . ** Update
 We bought this phone almost a year ago and I have to say that it is the best phone we have ever owned . The reception is clear as a bell.The speakerphone is great on both the handset and the base , half the time people do not even know that I have them on speaker.Some of the people we talk to often are very hard to hear and they come through loud and clear even in the lowest of the volume settings.The color display lacks luster , but a phone is for talking on not looking at . The nice thing is that you can put a picture of the person with their name and number so that when they call it comes up on the screen . I like this for cell phones especially because they usually just say cellular call on the ID.The answering machine is perfect . It never records hangups including callers that wait till the end of the greeting and then decide to hang up . It too is loud and clear making it easy to hear the messages whether at home or away . Another thing it does that is nice is when you have it set to screen calls it does not play your greeting out loud . It goes quite until the person begins to record their message . The date and time stamp comes after the message so that you do not even have to listen to it if you do not want to.There are plenty of ringer options that range from ear busting to soft and barely audible.The buttons are sturdy and glow when it rings or you press them so they are easy to read in dim lighting.When you clear the caller ID from one handset it deletes them from all handsets.And the phonebooks can be both private to that handset and shared among all handsets.The talking caller ID is more amusing than anything else as it has a hard time with pronunciation , but it does make it somewhat possible to not have to run and look at the phone to see who is calling , nice if you are busy and can not get to where you can see the phone . Since it only announces twice per call it keeps from being annoying.This is a great phone and I have recommended it to many people I know who are looking for a good cordless .
 This is by far the best phone I have ever owned . Extremely clear wireless sound , good battery life , compact design . Handset is a speaker phone , so you can roam about when waiting online for customer service . You can also intercom the base , to talk with someone in that room.I bought 3 phones this year , the first 2 did not work out ; in rooms where they had interference , this Panasonic does not . Finally I have a phone w / all the features I want and NO STATIC !
 I 've been through three other multi-handset cordless phone systems within the last couple of years , searching for one that everyone in my family likes . I think I finally found one in this Panasonic model . My kids like that you can use the included computer software to download images into the handsets for display on the color screen using the supplied USB cable . The program is really easy to use and we were able to get some family pics loaded up within a few minutes . You can also use the computer to download different ringtones or songs into the handsets , which is a nice feature since I think that most standard ringtones are annoying . My son has the handsets configured so that when he calls on his cell phone , his picture will appear on the screen . We also appreciate the lighted keypad on the handsets . As others have said , sound quality is excellent and I have not found any dead spots anywhere in my house . There is no buzzing or distortion , and voice quality sounds like a corded phone . I am very pleased with this phone and will be purchasing an additional handset in the near future .
 I have had several generations of Panasonic 's caller ID telephones . This is by far the best . I have a large house and prior versions just did n't have enough range . This works throughout the house , the sound is very clear and , best of all , it does n't interfere with our wireless network which uses 2.4 GHz . It 's also nice not to have an antenna extending from the handset -LRB- although it 's now so small that we confuse it with the television remote control ! -RRB- .
 1 -RRB- It will frequently give me a message saying I missed a call when I had n't .2 -RRB- DOES NOT WORK WITH A MAC - rather than being a device you could simply connect to your computer , have it show up as a hard drive , and then drag and drop photos , music , etc , you NEED to do all of this via the custom software that comes with it . The software only works for , you guessed it , Windows . Even with Windows , it would be nice to know what the pixel size for wallpapers and photo ids and for more details concerning music file requirements were .
 i am very happy with my new handset it was not difficult to install and the way it works is great . i would buy it again
 I bought this unit to add to the other two I have . This unit connects easily and is easy to use . The range is excellent and the clarity is great . I can easily work out in the garage or yard with no problems . The intercom feature is very useful too . I recommend this product !
 This phone system does everything it says it 'll do . It was a little pricey initially but the refirbushed units I bought from Supersaver were priced right and good as new .
 This was just what we were looking for a companion phone to the ones we already had . It works great
 These phones work very nicely , easy to set up.Good sound quality and very versatle , I am happy with my purchase , Photoland , IN BROOKLYN is a GREATplace to do business , very helpful and nice !!!!
 Purchased a base + x2 handset combo originally and added 4 more separate handsets withing 2 months -LRB- the sale price of $ 40 was excellent ! -RRB- It is a very nice phone system . More than enough to satisfy the needs of most hoseholds . I love that I no longer have to scream my lungs out at my son upstairs to have him come down -- just hit the intercom and talk ...
 great phone -LRB- though over-priced -RRB- like being able to create your own wallpaper And ring-tones -LRB- the ring I have is not available through the normal chanels -RRB- wife loves the phone -LRB- installed picture of our grand-son and that sold the phone + one of a kind ring-tone -RRB- am ordering another one
 I 've had this phone now for about 18 months . I have two handsets , two chargers , one of which is the base . The phone has never let me down . The batteries are nickel metal hydride so it does n't matter how pften you charge them for they don ; t have a memory like nicads . There 's not a better home phone out there . I 've installed MP3 music on it for ringers , and pictures as well . When you store a phone n umber in the handset , you can press a button and it sends the new number to the other handset .
 I bought the base unit KX-TG5776 about a year ago with some expansion units . I recently moved in to an appartment where I really did not want to run wires to where I wanted phones . So I just bought more of the extension phones . I also have DSL so I a normal phone would not work without having filters on each phone . This way I just have one filter for the base unit . I also like the color display on this unit and the capability of a USB connection to load the phone 's phone book with provided software . Panasonic has cheaper extentions that do n't have the color display and USB conections . The phones do have a capability of flashing a light when there is a new message on the base unit . The default is to not have this feature on . Read the manual to figure out how to turn on . The message indicator does not work with phone company 's Voice Mail .
 I 've always liked Panasonic . The seller was very prompt ; I had the product in 4 days . Overall grade - A !
 Funtions like a cell phone , but clear crisp sound , July 6 , 2008By Willa M. Saylor -LRB- Wister , Oklahoma USA -RRB- - See all my reviewsThe base phone came with an easy to use computer disk and cable . I hooked up to my computer , entered all the contact information with speed and easy . I down loaded pictures to set with each phone number of family members . I created and downloaded ringtones to add to this phone , it is great ! I purchased it for my elderly parents who could not see very well and had trouble hearing a regular phone . The bright color screen with large display and numbers made it very easy for them to see . The buttons light up making it easy for them to place calls in a low light situation . The Talking caller ID is not the clearest , but helped them hear that the phone is ringing . This is a high tech phone that , when programed via computer with all the personal informaiton , is really easy to operate for the low tech like my parents . The clarity of the calls were great ! I could hear my parents better and they could hear me better . No more yelling back and forth ... `` Can you hear me now ? '' I was also able to set their favorite picture as wallpaper on the main screen . Battery is also easy to install and replacements are inexpensive . The cons to this phone is that you can only download ringtones in . wav format . This sent me searching for online conversions rather than using my mp3 files that I already have on my computer .
 THis is a great phone . The handsets work perfect . I had a small problerm with the base unit , but Panasonic fixed it quickly and have had no problems since . I held back a star because the software for customizing -LRB- over and above what is available on the unit itself -RRB- is weak . But electronically and soundwise this is a great unit .
 Phone system is quite good except for the few annoyances as mentioned in other reviews , ie missed call display even when answered and handsets not not able to work in cradle.I bought this phone to add a 4th handset to the system for the basement . It works great and I like that it 's an intercom and the call can be transferred to any handset . The privacy feature is a plus also.The sound quality is good and I have no static issues.Overall it 's a good system
 This is a great phone . It has everything that I wanted in a phone and then some . The only change I would like to see made is the ability to shut off the LCD screen or at least dim it . It is very bright and sits next to my bed and will stay on all the time even when the phone is on the charger . It is really annoying at night . I just take it off of the charger at night and lay it on the nightstand face down .
 These were purchased to replace one phone and add an additional phone to my house system . I 've had these for many years and have been very happy with the product .
 Ithought I would give the phone a try and it worked out great . Much better then paying the $ 80 for new phone .
 We 've had three of these phones for over 2 years now and just added this handset so we could intercom our teen in her bedroom . Adding the songs and photos to really make this your own is a bit time consuming but I love knowing who is on the line based on the song/rintone that is playing . Even without customizing , the caller ID works well . Sound is clear and range is great even with multiple other wireless gagets in the house . Phone is lightweight and handset is comfortable to hold -LRB- one of my first criteria in buying a phone -RRB- . The answering machine is easy as well . We 've had no issues with this phone and would purchase similar product again but really ca n't see where we 'll have a need anytime soon . Also battery life is very good . We often leave these off the handset for 24 hrs or more and only once have we had one alert us to low battery .
 I love this phone . This the best phone I ever had . Great looks , great performance and features . I have 6 handsets in addition to the base one and 2 cameras they all work great . Intercom is great as well and very `` easy-to-use '' . Screen would have been nicer with a little better resolution .
 Wow , such a cool phone . It is so easy to use and load with pix from your computer . I love it , you can have custome rings , pix with the people who call you , and really after all the reasearch I did so worth the money . I am picky and this is worth the price . So love the upgrade to the color panel . Will say that the phone on the dock does not go black . So if it is near you in a dark bed room , you can take it off the dock and it will go black . Just a minor thing compared to all the great features it had for you electronic junkies .
 This is the best phone system I 've ever owned . It 's absolutely perfect for me . It takes a little time and patience to program , but its well worth it . No more ugly ringing . All 6 phones play my current favorite song for incoming calls , then announces the name of the caller . Now how wonderful is that ! No more scrambling for my reading glasses to see who 's calling . I 've assigned individual songs for each of my friends and family , so as soon as I hear their song , I know exactly who 's calling me . Not to mention that their picture also appears on each handset screen . I 've also assigned different wallpaper -LRB- from my collection art and personal photos stored on my computer -RRB- to each handset so I always know at a glance what room the handset belongs in.I loved the phones so much that I had to share the joy . So , I bought my best friend a set for her birthday . We are both singers , so this system is an expression of our love of music . She 's just as enamored with the telephones as I am , especially the freedom of not have to run for reading glasses to be able to see the Caller ID .
 I bought 2 extension for my phone system and the all are crystal clear , color display , cell phone like feature and allow me to monitor my house from any extension using optional cameras .
 Very good phone . Easily added to base unit . Good features .
 Our home is very large , so I was looking for a phone system with more than 2-3 handsets with all the features I wanted . This fit the bill perfect . The only complaint I have , and it 's not just this phone , is that I have call waiting so I do n't need a phone with an answering feature . Have n't phone manufacturers heard of call waiting?I would highly recommend this phone system to any one looking for multiple and expandable handsets , intercom system , voice caller id -LRB- can be activated or deactivated -RRB- , there are so many numerous features on this phone , I ca n't remember them all .
 Great . Met all expectations .
 This is a very nice phone system . I also bought the camera that works with this .
 This is a great home phone system . It has all the bells and whistles . You can input your own color wallpaper display , name each phone for its location , no obtrusive antenna , great quality , I could go on and on . The voice caller ID is sometimes a little strange , but having owned the previous version of it I 'm used to it . You will recognize what it is telling you in very short time . I bought this system -LRB- I 'm using six phones and a camera -RRB- to replace a Meridian -LRB- Nortel -RRB- system that cost four times the price . The camera monitors the front door from a window in the dining room . I can see who is at the door from anywhere in the house in full color . This is the best one line system available .
 I purchased the Panasonic base station with two handsets , and will eventually get a third handset . The features on this handset are everything that I was looking for . The voice quality is second to none and so far I have n't found any dead spots in the house as well as in my detached garage which is about 100 ' from the house . If I get tired of a ringtone , I just search the internet for another one that I like and download it onto the phone . I 've downloaded pictures of family members into the handsets and when they call home on their cell phones , their cell numbers and picture appear on the full color screen . The only thing that does n't work real well is the talking caller ID . Most of the time it is hard to understand , but I do n't care about this feature and will disable it anyway . The handsfree speaker phone feature works well also , and is nice for those times when you are put on hold so you do n't have to hold the phone by your ear for an extended time . The lighted keypad makes dialing easy at night , and the handsets feature a blinking blue light to indicate a new voice message waiting . I 've had these phones for a couple of months now and would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone wanting a full featured , quality phone .
 This is a good phone for the money . It has alot of futures and flexability . I bought the base unit with three headsets to start . Then I bought two cameras and three more handsets . The system can handle up to eight . The cameras are good but do n't see anything in less light conditions . The handsets have good range but are lacking a belt clip . I would recommend this product .
 This phone is everything advertised . The sound is clear and I have experienced no interference with any of my other wireless products which by the way that list is becoming longer all the time!If you are looking for a very good cordless phone , consider this one . It is easy to install . The only feature I really do n't like is the voice caller-ID ; the quality is really bad . Other than that , I highly recommend it .
 This is a great phone . I like the fact that you can customize each phone . You can copy songs directly from you pc along with images and create a phone book on the computer and download to all handsets . This is a great phone with all the features we 'll need for a long time . The only negative downside is there is no clip to hang it on you if you like walking around the house or office . Other than that , it 's great .
 This is the best phone system I have owned . That said , it still has some short comings . One I have n't seen mentioned is that after months of use the screen gets cloudy from body oils from the face . I called Panasonic and they told me to wipe the screen with vegetable oil . This somewhat works . I have found by cutting a small piece of clear plastic the size of the screen and taping it on works the best . When it gets bad I just replace it . Caller ID does n't always work , this may be phone company problem and not the phone . Also , the management of the phone messages and caller ID is rather cumbersome . But better than any of my older phones . I have now replaced all my phones in the house with phones of this system . Would buy again .
 Just wonderful phone ! This replaced other cordless phones that had poor reception as we carried them out side or through tbe house . We would buy again !
 We are pretty rough with our phones , so we swtich brands a lot , but we always seem to go back to the Panasonic . This whole series is great and easy to use . I just plugged it in and is picked up on our existing system in no time .
 I bought this phone , but I have been unable to use it . I should have read that it was an expandable phone that needs the base phone -LRB- MAIN -RRB- phone in order to operate properly . I have searched for the main base phone , but have not been able as yet to purchase one . So alas , the phone sits in the original box it came in . My fault , should have read all the print first !
 These make great phones and work well with the main base station -LRB- Panasonic KX-TG5776S -RRB- . My biggest gripe about them is their shape . They are incredibly difficult to hold between you head and shoulder when you just do n't have a free hand . Luckily , it has a speakerphone which works rather well.The battery can hold a charge for several days , maybe even a week.Overall , it is a good phone for your house . I plan to buy more to fit into the expandable system -LRB- see the base station Panasonic KX-TG5776S -RRB- .
 I 've only had this phone for about two weeks , but so far , it 's great.I like the small -LRB- cell-phone-like -RRB- size of the handset , and the base is conveniently small , too . The numbers on the keypad are large enough for easy reading , but not obnoxiously big.My favorite feature is the speakerphone function . This is a real bonus for me , since I have the use of only one hand . Using the speakerphone , I can easily have a `` hand-free '' conversation while taking notes , etc. . Sound is clear on both ends of the conversation , too.I got much more than I expected , given the low price of this phone .
 This phone is very valuable for the price . It has an in use indicator that blinks when someone is on the phone , a voice mail indicator button , and a handset locator -LRB- which is great if you misplace the phone -RRB- . The nine different ring tones was a nice surprise . The speaker phone is great . Get this phone !
 The phone is functional and works great for the price . My favorite feature is the mobile speaker phone which is loud and relatively clear . My least favorite is the built-in message indicator - I 'm sure there is a way to turn it off but it is not intuitive and I do n't feel like reading the manual . Overall , would recommend .
 I needed a cordless phone for a small area . One that did n't have to stand upright in its cradle to charge and could have the ringer turned off . I looked for months before I found this one . I was tired of being blasted awake by loud ringers , so the shut off feature was high on my list . It 's very easy to use and it stores the numbers of callers . It 's easy to delete those numbers . My only criticism is that the caller ID displays the caller for only a few seconds , and I usually do n't pick up the phone in time to see who is calling . First I have to find my glasses . LOL . If you do n't need glasses , that wont be a problem for you . Its a compact phone that is easy to handle and has good sound and plenty of features .
 This are wonderful phones ! We had pther cordless that would lose reception , or have poor reception ... these 5.8 gz handle all are needs ...
 Once upon a time , my roommates and I had a Panasonic phone that had fallen into a 5 gallon bucket of liquid laundry soap . We took it apart , dried it off , put it back together and it continued to work for another 3 years !! This is just the kind of quality that I have come to expect from Panasonic and that 's just what I got in this handset . I bought this handset to expand my Panasonic Gigarange base unit . The personalized ringtone feature was an added bonus . With flexibility , quality , reliability , and ease-of-use , this is the phoneset for me . Take it from somone who works for a telecommunications company ... . your service is only as good as your equipment and this is the best quality equipment on the market !
 I purchased five of these along with the base unit and could n't be happier . I only wish I would n't known about the alternate handsets that have bigger buttons , a higher volume and hearing aid control for my aging mother . I did n't know they existed until after my purchase . The base unit is not available with the alternate handset . Regardless , I did much research before settling on this phone and I could n't be happier . Highly recommended !
 It seems like a pretty nice system . Had my old phone for 25 years , and a bunch of other misc . phones scattered around the house . So decided to get a whole new system ... have the base unit on my desk and 4 other handsets scattered around the house , and one handset out in the shop . They all work fine and work very well as an intercom system also . I am pleased with them .
 We bought the base for this about a year ago and now have added 3 extra handsets and will add a fourth . We 've had no problems with it as we have had with multiple phones in the past with noise and clarity . The intercom feature is very nice and useful . It has a lot of bells and whistles that I have not taken the time to mess with setting up -LRB- customized rings , etc. . . -RRB- , but basic set up is easy and I 'm very glad we chose this system .
 I have only had the phone a month so far , so I cant rate long range use -- but so far we love this phone . It works great and is super easy to use . I love that you can record your own ringtone , we have one set for our most regular callers and can then tell if we want to answer the phone or not . All of our friends who have heard the phone do this , think it is so cool . I do n't really have any complaints other than I wish it was shock and splash resistant like the other model we have but I guess you cant have everything ... overall a great phone .
 The phone works great ! Easily sets up and linked to the base and other handsets .
 I like this handset , it works well . When I had a problem with the first one the company sent me , they quickly solved the problem for me .
 I purchased the base phone and 1 expansion two years ago . I just love them ! I love the talking caller id which is why I bought them . They have many cool features like ringtones and you can upload pictures into them . I loved these phones so much I just bought 3 more . Now I have 5 phones one in every room . I was not disappointed in fact I recommend this Panasonic phone system highly . They are on sale now and I may buy a couple more !
 product better than expected . plan to order other units in near future from same seller . fast delivery .
 I plan to purchase this product , I just want to know if im goin to have a problem if the next house have the same system?Thank You
 I purchased the Panasonic KX-TS600W Integrated Corded Telephone System.After looking at Wal-mart , Stapes , and a couple other places this is the closest we could come to what we was looking for . It 's a good buy .
 Actually , I have n't bought one yet ; I just wanted Amazon shoppers to know that this one has a 50-number directory , just like the KX-TS600B ... the ONLY difference between the two are the colors - black or white . Makes one wonder why one got 3.5 stars and the other 4 ?!
 This is a very basic phone , that works very well . Excellent sound quality .
 I purchased this phone because I needed a corded phone for my home office . I absolutely love it . It has many great features - pause , hold , flash , redial , speaker phone/headset , and mute buttons to name a few . It also has a headset jack which was exactly what I needed for my job . I would highly recommend this to anyone that works from home and needs a corded phone .
 I was looking for a low cost headset phone my my Home Business and this is a very good product . I 'm using it with a VOIP service and it works just fine . For the most part , I have always had good luck with Panasonic . In the near future , I 'll probably recommend it to the other offices that are looking for very good , low cost phones .
 I received this phone very quickly and am very pleased with the quality . The color is listed as white but is really more of an off-white which works perfectly in my kitchen . The phone was easy to convert to a wall mount and I enjoy the speaker feature when I am working at the counter . Great purchase !
 This phone , Panasonic KX-TS600W Integrated Corded Telephone System , is all that I hoped it would be.It is an excellent product and I recommend it without reservation .
 This is a no frills phone with speaker and caller ID . It works fine -- no complaints . Not many options and no phone book , but overall , it 's a pretty good deal .
 This phone would have gotten a 5 star except for the fact that it needs batteries . Lots of good features . Panasonic makes great phones corded or wireless .
 I bought six of these to be compatible with my Panasonic cordless system . They are , and all worked perfectly out of the boxes . Batteries have lasted fine . I have three improvement suggestions , but they are small items
 I 've had this phone for over a month now . I must say that it is very durable and crystal clear . I love the features on it - like the mute and hold function . It 's hard trying to find a telephone set that has these features - let alone with a headphone jack feature . I work at home and this is a must for me . I 've had no complaints whatsoever with this phone . I use it constantly .
 Purchased for the kitchen in order to see who is calling and it has been exactly what I wanted .
 Excellent phone . Will be buying another for another room soon . Good quality sound , still works when power is out , easy to use , good design .
 I am very pleased with the Panasonic KX-TS600W . It provides good amplification on a poor connection , far fromthe phone companies ' switching office.Caller ID is very useful . There are many other futures I have yet to try .
 While I am pleaed with my new telephones
 I got this phone for an elderly friend of mine . You should always have at least one wired phone installed in your home . It 's so hard these days to even find one in the nearby stores . Everything is cordless ... well , if your power goes out , so does your cordless phones . This will leave you totally cut-off from the outside world . And , for an elderly person with no cellphone , this is very dangerous ! I recommend the Panasonic . I had one very similar to this model years ago and loved it . I 'd still have it if my children had n't spilled soda all over it !
 My senior husband is a little technology challenged . The old style phone is perfect for him , yet has the speaker which he likes and can be programmed like the cordless and cell phones . Ca n't beat the price either .
 Glad I looked on line at Panasonic corded phones . There 's no longer any selection at the warehouse stores . This model suites my needs perfectly . Single line with speaker phone and just the other features I need . Tone dialing is a little slower than my older model . Great price too .
 This is a great product it serves the purpose that I bought it for and I would buy the same item again .
 Great wall phone . Really like the caller ID & large phone book to store numbers in . Fast delivery !
 It 's hard to find a `` standard '' phone anymore , and the KX-TS600W is a good choice for a basic corded phone . The sound quality is excellent , which is expected for a corded phone . It supports caller ID and call waiting caller ID . And it does not plug into the electric outlet , which means it should work during an electric outage . The phone does not have an answering machine , which is fine for anyone who either has voicemail or another answering machine.The biggest problem is that the display is hard to read . I would have given the phone 5 stars if the display had a backlight . Also , the phone is setup to check for voicemail by default . So whenever you hang up any phone on the line , this phone picks up the line briefly to test for the stutter tone that indicates whether you have voicemail . This is very annoying if you do n't have voicemail , but it can be disabled by setting Program > VM tone detect to off .
 I purchased this phone for business use for conference calling - it is excellent ! The sound is very clear ; the microphone will pick up your voice from quite a distance without any interference . Highly recommended !
 I like the buttons . Good size and feel when you press them . The display is good and clear . Speakerphone is good quality .
 This phone is everything I was hoping for and more . It has good sound quality . I love the phone book . The digital read out is better than any phone that I have owned .
 I was delighted to find these blades packaged for an individual consumer . Previously , all others who carried this blade , only sold in huge quantities to companies . When my employer recently stopped using the Pacific Handy Cutter -LRB- S4 Safety Cutter -RRB- , and I was no longer able to get blades , I was very upset . This was the best box cutter I had ever used !!!! My thanks for being able to get a box of 100 count blades that were very affordable , and arrived in a timely manner .
 received this item quicker than expected . Good price , new product . Would buy from this company again .
 Sturdy , functional , and American-made . Unfortunately there are several permutations on how it can be assembled and I got off on the wrong track more than once . Only one of these occasions was the fault of the instructions , however . One also needs the optional electrical cord and plug-in strip , not included with this item .
 I love the Safco brand office accessories . This product is great for organizing my desk . It is made of good quality metal compared to cheaper plastic brands . Will continue to buy Safco products .
 Versa Check is a great product ! Easy to use in a printer or copy machine ! We save a lot of money buying our own check and printing them vs. buying from bank !
 This product comes with check printing software that is easy to set up and use . The check paper is of high quality and all checks have been processed with no problems . We will be using this indefinitely .
 This product comes with check printing software that is easy to set up and use . The check paper is of high quality and all checks have been processed with no problems . We will be using this indefinitely .
 I purchased the software 10 years ago and have not upgraded so it sounds like the newer product has some problems but the old software works great and I have transfered it to 4 computers over the years with no problems at all . As for the check paper , that also works well and I do n't need to use the special MICR ink , I use 2 different banks and have never had a problem with any of my checks in the past 10 years that I have been using it for the Church bookeeping and my personal use .
 Versachecks work well with my printer . I have had no problems . Quickbooks and versachecks work well together . This is my third order for them .
 These checks work perfectly with the Versacheck software . They are very professional looking . I highly recommend them to anyone wanting a home office check printing system . They work with both laser or inkjet printers . Just remember to configure the check style when printing or it wo n't print 3 , only 1 . Vendor shipped very quickly and provided a track # .
 Ive been using this system for over 5 years . Yes , you must purchase a one time validation code , and purchase MICR ink -LRB- you cant get past that , its a bank requirement -RRB- But the most important is the ability to recall and sort your checking information , print reports , keep your vendor or payee information , and put your checks directly into a window envelope ... no more addresses , and most important , see your expeditures at a glance . Its all about the information !
 I really enjoy the flexibility of printing checks locally and these provide the flexibility and professional look to accomplish that .
 My favorite feature is having access to all features , including all answering machine functions , from the handset . Although I do n't yet have any of the MD41 expansion handsets - those will also be able to get the messages off of the base unit 's answering machine . Throw in all the other features like paging other handsets , handset to handset intercom and monitor , a handset handsfree feature that works as well as any speakerphone I have ever used and the days of needing phone line run in every room are over.The software is very well thought out throughout the feature set . Quality of calls is excellent although I have yet to be on the receiving end of a call from the MD 481 . Two dislikes would be that the useful belt clip can NOT be removed and the warning stickers on the back left a goey residue that was nearly impossible to remove . I would also not describe battery life as spectacular.Warning
 Bought this phone for Christmas with an expansion handset . So far so good . Both handsets are clear and the shared phonebook is very handy . Menus are well thought out and phone features are easily accessible . Most impressive is the clarity of the speakerphone built into each handset . This is a must have for people suffering from RSI or carpal tunnel syndrome .
 The review prior to this indicates that the belt clip can not be removed . That is not correct . It is hard to get off but it does clip off . The reason it 's on there is so that it raises the phone off the surface so you can hear the speaker . -LRB- handset speakerphone -RRB- Everything else in the review is right on . GREAT PHONE !!!!!
 I 've searched for quite a while to find a phone with all of these great features and the Motorola definitely wins hands down.Motorola really has thought of everything on this phone and gotten all the details just right : -- There is a speakerphone built right into the handset that works incredibly well . Friends can barely tell I 'm on a handset speakerphone . Really helpful when you 're trying to talk and write/type . -- You can see that you have messages on the handset and then listen to them without going to the base . This is great so that I do n't have to run downstairs all the time just to hear messages . -- You can using the intercom to page someone around the house . You can even use it as a baby monitor if you need . -- Add callers to your phone book quickly and easily using Caller ID.In general , the phone feels sturdy and comfortable . The rubber sidegrips are great . And the usability is great -- lots of features , but not too hard to figure them out . And finally , battery life that seems decent compared to some others -LRB- like my old AT&T cordless which never could hold a charge -RRB- .
 This phone is the best I have had in many years . I Love all the features and the looks are Terrific !! The sound quality is ok -- not bad but I am sure there is better -LRB- thus the 4 rating -RRB- . Once I was told how nickel cadmium batteries work , I was tickled pink even more . Many complain about this phone 's battery life , BUT , you Must let the phone off the base charger until it has drained down to the one bar before recharging it . NC batteries have a type of memory and everytime you hang it up after a few minutes of talking it thinks it needs to recharge because it is drained at that time usage frame , when it actually has many many hours of time left in the battery life . -LRB- This came from a Radio Shack man -RRB- SO -- charge it full at new and then when you use it , let it lay off the cradle until it is almost drained and then recharge each time . It is a GREAT phone , in my humble opinion !
 I have read mixed reviews on this phone . But decided to go and buy one . I had a new Vtech 2.4 cordless , which was terrible . I returned it and bought this Motorolla . I have an extra handset also.The sound clarity is crystal . This phone has every feature you would want in a phone , whether it be corded or cordless . You can also control everything from a handset . You can listen to your messages from your handset.Looks like Motorolla put a lot of thought into this phone . The tapeless answering machine works like a charm.If i have to come up with something wrong about the phone , I will say the handsets are a little heavy . Wish it had polyphonic ring tones , and after you listen to a message on the answering machine , and save it , the screen does not tell you that you have any old messages waiting . It only tells you when you have new voicemails . You can listen to the old when you press play , but you might forget there are messages there.But beyond those extremely minor issues . This phone is worth every penny .
 I 've been using this phone for about a week now and am very hapy with it . I especially love the fact that you can have a different ring tone for people in your phone book . I always hated jumping up for the phone only to see that it was a telemarketer . Now I know when to jump and when to ignore.There are a few cons
 After reading the mixed reviews , I decided to take a chance on this phone . I like it . It has all the features I want and the quality so far is good.The pro 's : I have a silent OGM , and can screen incoming calls.Speakerphone on handset and base.Can control the answerer -LRB- even on/off feature -RRB- from the handset.Voicemail indicator on handset and base.Formatting of phone numbers in caller ID -LRB- 7 , 10 , 11-digit -RRB- . Rubber on the sides of phone make it very comfortable to hold.The con 's : The voice quality is good for the handset and base , but messages are touch and go . Sometimes they are good , sometimes not so good . But the phone number and time/date stamp is there , so I will know who is calling , so I can live with that.Also , on my old Uniden , I could select a different ring for EACH phone number I stored . With this , I can only set one ring for all the people in my phone book . Again , I can live with that.Overall , I really like this phone . Other than the individual caller ringtones , it has everything I want . I was overwhelmed when I started looking for a replacement cordless , I even researched Consumer Reports along with Amazon . I was n't sure because Motorola is not a known name to me for in-house phones , but since I love thier cellular 's , I decided to give them a try . I am really impressed.Also , if you get this phone , please do call the phone company if the voicemail indicator is not showing . I had to call several Motorola numbers , and finally got a live person who told me to call the phone co. to get it straightened out . Once that issue was settled through the phone co. , I was fine.I have wireless 2.4 ghz internet and there is no interference.Based on the base and cordless performance so far , I am going to get the additional cordless handsets.I would recommend it to others . I wo n't know if I would buy it again , until it has lasted as long as my 5-year old corded AT&T 1845 , which is still going good !
 Impressive design with an abundance of different functionalities . We bought it because of their track record with cell phones.Pros
 The Motorola MD481 is a great phone ! I decided to upgrade my phone once I got caller ID service . Motorola was n't my first choice , but I was instantly attracted to them b/c of the stylish appearance of the MD481 . However , this phone is not just about looks ! The Motorola MD481 is a quality product ! I have had the phone for only a few days , but here 's what I think : Sound Quality = excellent . The sound is crisp and clear . It truly seems like I 'm on a corded phone instead of the digital 2.4 GHz MD481.Range = excellent . No static in different rooms away from the base . Have n't gone too far away from the base yet . So far , range is excellent.Ergonomics = excellent . The handset feels comfortable in your hand . It has rubber grips which ensure a firm hold , as well . The menu is very easy to navigate . The designers really spent time making this phone user-friendly . Features = excellent . This phone is a digital 2.4 GHz phone . It has a digital answering machine that let 's you record your OGM or use a prerecorded one . There is a keypad on the base . And there is a speakerphone option from the base or handset . The display is a FOUR LINE display which is great for caller ID . In addition , the backlight display is an orange/amber hue which is unique and nice . There are many different musical ring tones to choose from . You can even program a different ring tone to sound if the caller is one from your phone book -LRB- i.e. a friendly call -RRB- , so you can immediately tell if the caller is known to you . The ringer volume can be set to low or off from 9 PM to 6 AM . There is a headphone jack of course . The base takes 4 AA batteries as backup for power outages . And , finally , the phone is expandable and additional handsets can be added . Each handset can share the same phonebooks -LRB- no need to program numbers for each -RRB- or you can have a phonebook unique to the handset.Minor criticisms
 The design in my opinion was the best out of all the phones I looked at . Modern , stylish , cool in general . Fit real well with my apartment.Features are high and functional . The speaker phones , caller ids , ringers , night time - day time ringers are all good . Dialing from the caller id was nice becuase you could program how to call depending on your phone service . Basically you could include or exclude the area code automatically which was a problem with my old phone . Big plus.Couple of issues that I did n't like are that the handset and the base do n't really talk to each other . So if I check the caller id on the handset it still says I have a couple new calls on the base station . No biggie.The audio is fine . Not the best but its alright.For families it has the expandable capabilities and restricted phone books to a handset for privacy . Along with transferring calls and walkie-talkies . Nice.I 'd buy it again .
 To be honest I was n't really thinking I was going to be wowed by this phone but once I got it home and started to digest the manual I was impressed . A number of features really sets this phone a part from the usual suspects one being the choice to display phone memory names in the order you choose . It does give you an option to alphabetize but you can also say no and keep your numbers in the order you like . It has distinctive ringing , in other words you can choose for the phone to ring with one tune if you know the person and their in your phone book , and to ring with another tune if its someone you do n't know . It has caller ID on both the handset and the base , great feature , also speaker phone is also included in the handset .
 I noticed that there are several bad reviews for this phone , so I thought I 'd put in my two cents.This is the best phone I 've ever owned . The build quality is exceptional . The handset feels very solid , and the rubber grip makes it comfortable to hold for an extended period . The earpiece also sits just right against my ear . The speakerphone built into the handset works way better than I could have ever imagined , and is great when navigating automated menus , as you can keep your eyes glued to the keypad without missing any instructions . The sound quality is excellent , especially when using it as a speakerphone . I often switch between normal and speakerphone , and the person on the other end never notices . Battery life has n't been a problem for me . The handset sits in various places around the house during the day , and is returned to the charger every night . The ring tones are pleasing , and the lighted buttons and display are easy to see in the dark . I use this phone both inside and outside , and I 've never once heard any static.I was so impressed with this unit , that when my wife mentioned we may need to add another phone , I immediately purchased an expansion handset -LRB- you can use up to 4 handsets -RRB- . Now the two handsets work like intercomms as well . Neat !
 I 've had my motorola 451 for about 3 weeks now and I have one satellite handset for it . I 'm especially glad for the intercom feature which allows me to page my daughter when I 'm in my office working , and the hands free on the handset is awfully cool too . People do n't seem to care all that much that I have them on speakerphone , so I guess the quality is OK.Pros
 We 've definitely gotten at least 6 hours talk time out of our phone . This phone way beats out our old cordless , which truly had no battery power , no range whatsoever , and even when it was close to the stand , the sound was fuzzy . The sound on this phone , by contrast , is clear , even when on speaker phone . Switching is a breeze between speaker and private . I 'm strongly considering getting either another one of these or the expansion phone for another room . I love how you can set different rings for day/nighttime , so ringing phones do n't disturb sleep . My only -LRB- minor -RRB- complaint is that the clip is a little bit chintzy , mine broke when I tried to clip it on.Also , if you have lost the manual , check out the `` buying info '' section right here on Amazon.com . There is a pdf version of the manual right there . Very convenient .
 I came over here to buy a MD-41 handset to expand my MD-451 phone , and I was surprised when I read the reviews . I 'm sorry to hear that some folks have had problems with their phones , but I 'm not one of them - no complaints here . I do n't buy , evaluate , and write reviews for phones . All I did was buy a phone and plug it in . I 've had that phone for over two years now , and it works just fine . My buttons are OK , the battery life is fine , and I can hear who I am talking to . I still have the same battery in it when I bought it . I do n't set the phone in the charging cradle until it dies . NiCad batteries need to be discharged before charging them up again , especially the cheap rechargeable NiCads that come in so many electronic products . I get a day or two of use before charging , depending on how many calls I make/get . I still have a corded phone for backup -LRB- still works when the power goes out -RRB- . Well , I hope my buttons continue to hold up ... . I 'm off to buy an extra handset . Good luck.-Wolf
 This is probably the best phone we 've owned . The quality is amazing and the best feature is that it 's cordless and has a handset speakerphone . The sound is terrific and no one ever gets static or cut off . I 've had horrible experiences with Panasonics and nearly every other phone we 've had -- they just do n't last or just do n't work , but this is very highly recommended . So much so , that I 'm going to buy another one to put in another room in our house.In reference to other reviews , I 've never had a problem with the battery in this phone -LRB- and have certainly experienced it with others -RRB- . We 've owned it a year now and it 's used several times a day and we could n't be happier .
 I wrote a review on May 24 , 2004 titled Battery Life ; and stated I would write an update review on 31-MAY-04 . Sadly I was not able to write a review on that day , but since I wrote my first review I used the newly bought phone that weekend for three nights in a row for 6 hours each night . Since that time I have used the phone twice for 6 hours each time . I am not sure what the problem is with the other reviewers that have commented on the battery life of this phone , but it works great for me . The only thing I can think of is they did not allow the battery on the phone sufficent time to charge . The instructions state 12 hours , but I let mine charge for 24 hours before I plugged it in for the first time .
 I just purchased this phone , and realized I had not checked out the battery life for talk time . I was surprised that I was unable to find any reference to this on Motorola 's web site or any other site I checked -LRB- note
 This telephone is the greatest cordless phone I have ever used . It has excellent reception unlike any other I have tried . I am very particular about my telephones and have owned several other cordless phones previously . The phone has a great display and is easily readable even in the dark . The phone book function makes it easy to store frequently used numbers . I also like the ability to choose from 13 different high quality ring tones - musical tones not the awful screeches emitted by most other cordless phones.The best thing about this phone is the high quality of the handset and buttons . Most phones these days are made cheaply - this phone is the exception . The handset is very well made and is comfortable to hold even for extended periods of use.One thing I noticed in the other reviews is the mention of a poor battery life . This has absolutely not been the case for me as I have used this telephone for several hours without recharging in between . I have in fact been very impressed with the battery life.In summary , I am very pleased with this telephone and have recommended it to many friends . Those who have purchased their own have also been very pleased .
 Love this phone ! Great voice clarity , good styling and long range reach . I love the fact that it is expandable , no longer a need to look for phone outlets ! Great phone !!!
 My sister received this as a gift and has been pleased with it . It is obviously for tabletop home use , so do n't expect it to be heavy-duty enough for an office.She likes that it takes up little space on her desk and confetti shreds her private papers adequately . `` It 's very solid , '' is her comment after several months of using it .
 This little shredder is the best ! I 've owned it for nearly 3 years now and it has NEVER jammed . I use it mainly for shredding junk mail and it works fine for my yearly file cabinet purge . Like the other reviewer said , it 's not for heavy office use because it ca n't shred too many pieces of paper at a time and has just a 4.5 '' slot -LRB- just fold your papers in half lengthwise -RRB- . But for home use , this is the best shredder I have ever used . When -LRB- and if -RRB- the one I have quits , I 'm going to buy another one.UPDATE
 This is my second Fellowes small shredder . I dropped the first one in a move but it worked fine for four years until then . It is a perfect size to fit under my small desk at home . I did n't want a fancy one and I wanted the smallest available . I highly recommend it .
 This is a small but very sturdy machine . It is compact and fits on a book shelf . I use mine nearly every day and it saves a lot of time . I highly recommend it .
 This shredder adequately makes documents into confetti . I bought this item to shred bank & credit card statements and for all other documents containing information I do n't want getting into the wrong hands . With so much identity theft going on , this shredder helps gives peace of mind when it comes to throwing out documents.This device is NOT a heavy duty shredder so if you attempt to `` feed '' it a heavy amount of documents it will get bogged down and shut off . I tried overdoing it just to test it 's limits and had no problems extracting the clogged up paper by using the reverse function.This shredder is compact and is handling the small shredding tasks I give it without any problems .
 This ink is the blackest ink for technical pens , all others appear grey on most papers . Very difficult to find in stores because its usually of limited supply or sold out , if they carry it at all.I wish the shipping was reasonable 7 + to ship three quarters of a fluid ounce , Amazon you should sell this item to fix this abomination .
 After happily living with my trusty Panasonic KX-T8000 for 12 years , I decided to move the Panny to my other house to replace a tape-based machine that had gone kaput . So I needed a new one for my main house . My first criterion was that it must have audible message alert -LRB- who needs another thing to remember to check after a long day at work ? -RRB- . That really narrowed it down to just the AT&T. ; I had read here that of some problems that others had experienced , so I purchased it at BestBuy which has a liberal return policy . But I 'm definitely keeping it.First , if the power goes out , it definitely resets itself to auto-answer . The messages are saved , but the clock needs to be reset . But what 's great is that all you need to do is call the machine and it uses caller-id to set the clock -- incredibly easy to set -LRB- that is , if you have caller-id -RRB- . Second , I have not had any problems with voice quality or with deadair filling the end of messages . Voices are clear and they cut off when the person hangs up . No shouting is required.Third , if the hardwired cord is too short , just go to Radio Shack and get an extension cord . My answering machine gets its signal from my adjacent fax machine , so the supplied cord is more than long enough.The audible message alert is better than in my old Panasonic because it 's less loud and intrusive . My Panasonic was so loud , that if I got a call while I was sleeping , I had to turn it off to be able to sleep again , even though it was two rooms away . The AT&T ; alert is much softer . I could probably sleep right through it , though it 's loud enough to hear in the same room.The AT&T ; definitely is n't as sleek looking or elegantly designed as my old Panasonic , but it 's good enough -LRB- because of audible alert , it does n't have to be in view all the time -RRB- . I ca n't believe how cheap this thing is , considering how much it does.This one is a keeper!Follow - up -LRB- 3/30/05 -RRB-
 Well I bought this as a gamble as there were no reviews on it I could find . The UI is a bit difficult to figure out at first , until you get the idea that `` tap to view , hold to set '' Sound was/is great . I 'd definitely recommend this to anyone . Oh , one more thing . It 's cheap
 I purchased this item at Walmart , for the same price . I almost did n't buy it because of the negative reviews , but I sure am glad I took the chance ! I was tired of the monthly voice mail charge on my landline . I have had no problems , at all , with this machine . I 've been using it for 2 months now . Set it up myself ! The machine `` speaks '' the callers phone number on the second ring . It `` beeps '' when it has unheard messages - which is a plus if someone in your home forgets to check for messages.It 's simple and easy to use . I highly recommended it !!
 My tape based answering machine finally needed replacement . When I looked at what was available , I was surprised to find that the selection was so much smaller since the last time I bought one . The expensive models have multiple mailboxes , a feature I do n't need . I selected this model because it seemed to have the most of the important features as the model I was replacing . It even has a few extra features that I do n't need , like caller id . But it also has a few shortcomings compared to my old answering machine . The sound quality of both the outgoing and incoming messages is understandable , but not as clear as I would like . I was disappointed that it only provides the day and time of the message , not the date . My old system provided the month , date and time . I have used the remote feature which works well . Its not the perfect system , but should be good enough for non-business use .
 I highly recommend this answering machine . It is one of the easiest to use and all features work well . You 'll definitely get your money 's worth with this one !!
 Not a sexy machine but it does the job nicely.I do n't need anything fancy schmancy . After trying out a panasonic combo cordless phone and answering machine , which I found out has a critical design flaw , I decided to keep my old telephone and just get an answering machine.This answering machine was easy to set up . The messages are retained if the power goes out , but the greeting and time are erased . Not a big deal and I have it in my UPS anyway so that wo n't matter . The blinking message indicator is obvious from far away . That 's good when you get home and glance over ; you do n't have to work to know if someone 's called you.One annoyance is the date & time storage . The machine stores the day , time and year . NOT the month . The date saved will be something like `` Saturday 5:32 PM , 2005 '' . -LRB- me scratching head ... uh duh did I set that up right ? -RRB- Why would I care to know the year BEFORE the month ? Obviously the order of precedence should be time , day , month , year . They should have just left out the year.Anyway , that 's not a big deal . Just strange.My only complaint is that the remote access code is only 3 digits , which is barely enough to guard against someone trying to steal your messages . However , some units have a pathetic 2 digit access code -LRB- like the panasonic cordless combo unit -RRB- , so this is 5X better than them -LRB- they disallow a range of codes -RRB- . Remote access codes should be at LEAST 4 digits long to prevent abuse . 3 is cutting it too close . It 's barely adequate .
 I have had this machine for well over a year now . It works great . I have bought two more for other members of my family . Ca n't beat the price either .
 Works very well for my needs & performs functions as described . It is compact ... . with good features including the digital sound .
 Does exactly what you want in a machine and just wo n't die . What I have found with AT&T phone products is that they are solid , not filled with lots of features , but easy to use and reliable . I ca n't ever forsee needing another machine again .
 I am reviewing a 1980 's At & t ; 1830 Answering Machine/1-Line Telephone.The Machine is excellent.The reason for no Five Stars?The English Man 's Voice is a little bit hard to understand.For example , when he says `` Five '' it sounds like he 's saying `` Fa '' . The Ringers * could * be inproved a little bit , but it 's O.K.At & t ; should have NOT discontinued the 1830 !
 I 'm not sure why all the negative reviews , maybe those reviewers are not computer literate . I have a simple Dell PC . I installed the software , I downloaded images from the internet onto my hard drive . I right clicked on the mouse , hit import image , and wallah ! It appeared . I hit `` fit to '' and clicked on a circle and again , perfect . I then printed it on my canon printer using the memorex labels and they work great . How much more simple can it get people ? The only problem is that I just got an iMac , and now ca n't use my favorite DVD/CD labelling software : -LRB-
 I recently purchased this labelmaker system for use on my iMac , and have had no problems at all . I printed out my CD labels on an Epson CX5200 . The quality of the printouts is n't as clear as I 'd like -LRB- most likely due to the quality of the paper -RRB- , but it 's not bad for a home system that cost under $ 20 . It 's easy , quick , and has lots of cool graphics .
 The product is a good value . It performed well and was fairly easy to use . I only wish it would allow importing play lists from iTunes , all text had to be manually input . Overall , I 'm very satisfied with the product .
 Thanks for the pen , there was a problem with the one I originally wanted . So they had to sub a different one . But they were professional , none the less . I Just wish they would n't have it available to order on here if its out of stock .
 Space pens are the smoothest writing pens without spending too much money . Why not get a free maglite with it ?!
 I purchased this electronic translator for my 12-year old daughter , who has just arrived to the USA and started to learn English -LRB- she attends ESL at school -RRB- . She uses it all the time , especially doing her homework , and in a classroom too , and she believes it helps her very much .
 Product came as advertised and is great for staying organized . They are sturdy and well made . Also includes link to a website to create more table of contents if you decide to reuse .
 I use this mostly for Portuguese to English and am finding it very useful . You can say the voice is a bit strange in both languages but you get used to it and it really does put the accents clearly where you need them to be . In fact , when I try and speak just like the machine everyone understands me without a problem - which I guess is the true test of its usefulness .
 I want more informations about this one , and I want more options .
 I bought this pen to leave in my car so I could complete mileage logs for my job . One morning recently , I got in my car and realized I had n't entered the previous day 's mileage yet . The temperature was -17 -LRB- yes , that 's in Fahrenheit ! -RRB- . I tentatively pulled out my new Fisher Space Pen , knowing that none of my other pens would work until the inside of the car warmed up at least 50-60 degrees . The Fisher Space Pen worked great , with NO warm-up required ! Now , if I can just get my frozen garage door to work !
 ... I will be set ! I collect these Space Pens and this one is just as great as any of the other Fisher Space Pens . I have never had any problem with any space pen made by Fisher . This pen is a little bit smaller than a regular ball point , so it fits in purses , pockets , camera bags , etc. with ease . Always writes , even if you have n't used it in a while . I have back problems and am frequently on bed rest , which means that if I 'm playing suduko or crossword puzzles I am usually writing at some crazy angle , sometimes even upside down , which would be impossible with any other type of pen . And the blueberry color is really beautiful . I get envious looks every time I whip it out ! ; -RRB-
 I got this space pen because my finger was irritated by the ridging on my other space pen . The grip here helps but it is a grip more than a cushion which I should have realized . It still is one of my favorite pens and I do n't seem to lose it as frequently since it has the clip .
 My wife loves this little pen , she does a lot of moving around at her school and has to do paperwork constantly . This pen writes well and the customer service was great . We noticed a small crack in the base near the silver band that was flexing when she would write with it and did n't look like it would be good in the long run , so we sent it to the Fisher Company in Utah and they sent us a brand new pen within 3 weeks !
 There is one negative review commenting on bad buttons / poor manufacture . This is completely counter to our family 's experience . My wife , her mother and sister all have one of these translators and find them to be rugged and problem free . My wife has had hers for what must be 3 years now .95 % of my wife 's usage is single word translations and seldom uses full sentence or pronunciation features . Although she is quite fluent , she still uses it often when she comes across odd words in some books , or needs an equivalent of a technical or other very precise term she only knows in Russian . Her mother and sister are less fluent and use sentence translation and pronunciation much more often . Oddly , the men hardly ever use the translator . No one uses the other organizer features on the unit . We favor this unit rather than the 486 model due to its larger dictionary . A side benefit is that looks much nicer with its leather like case and attractive silver styling . The pronunciation is useful for beginning to intermediate speakers , because it gives you an idea of the kind of sound you should try to make . However , it has the typical computer robotic sound to it - do not expect anything like a recording of actual human speakers . It turns out this robotic accent is not important - the big problems I 've found for Russians first speaking English would be solved if they listenned to this unit pronouncing the word for them.Also do not have super high expectations for the sentence translator . It is not a fault of Ectaco - Machine translation is a very hard problem and no one has a translator you can trust completely . The translator is very handy and can be used to give someone some hints about what you are trying to communicate . But do n't expect to get it right more than 70 % of the time . Some checks you can do to verify the translation is to try translating the english words back into russian and see if most of the meanings are the one you intended . If the word has too many different or possibly disasterous meanings , obviously it might be a good idea to substitute a russian synonym to get an english word translation with less chance of creating confusion . Obviously this is a lot of work , and it is probably unnecessary to go to this much trouble in typical situations . Just to give you an idea , my mother in law regularly went into the city to go shopping and at that time knew only a few english phrases . Armed with this translator -LRB- and a cell phone for emergencies -RRB- - she found it easy to complete all her tasks . She only had to call us once to explain some complicated detail to a salesperson.We bought the accessories for this -LRB- that allow you to hook to a computer -RRB- but I 'd suggest that you hold off and buy them only if you really think you would use them . We tried them but never got much value from them.We strongly suggest using NIMH -LRB- nickel metal hydride -RRB- rechargeable batteries . This will save you huge amounts of money if you use the translator a lot . Radio shack has good quality ones . We have tried other generic brands , but they most failed after several charges.Hope these notes help .
 I found this dictionary very useful to learn English words . I often play in different word games on it to enlarge my vocabulary . What I really adore about this dictionary is the touch-sensitive display , it 's fun to send emails and do everything with a small stylus!I have specially chosen this dictionary to have the TOEFL listening comprehension and all the other tests as well as grammar reference.The dialogues for every day situations have often helped me when I had no idea how to say something in English.My dictionary translates all the words and even common phrases and idioms . And the most important for me is that it not only pronounces clearly everything , but records my pronunciation , so I can always compare them and speak better . English pronunciation is so different from the Russian one ... Thanks to this dictionary , I speak English much better now . : -RRB-
 I bought this product two weeks ago , my product is Arabic - English dictionary . It 's a legend electronic dictionary with English-Arabic , Arabic-English , English-English dictionaries and Arabic & English speller . Data base of vocublary , dialog , grammer , proverbs , abbreviation , travel & country information , cities , languages , airports , airlines , temperature , telephone id 's . Organizer with business tel. , personal tel. , memo , schedule , user dictionary , calender -LRB- Gregory & Higri -RRB- , local & world time , anniversity and voice memo . Calculations with simple & scientific calculator , loan calculator , account mangement , currency conversion , metric conversion . Games of word , brick , title 5 & master mind game . Communication with pc link , fax machine built in , email -LRB- send & recieve -RRB- . All these features and it 's english talking with male true voice and it has back light touch screen and the its memory is 2MB . These features are the shiny side of this product where the other side appear in its exaggerated price and its short life of the best batteries in this product .
 Perfect tool , great features and fulfilling vocabulary . But the manual needs to be written in a simpler manner . Too many technical terms that are not easy to understand for people who are not familiar with these terms . I think it should be more so-to-speak `` housewife friendly '' . -- I give it four stars .
 Love the organizer!Had smaller version at work , wanted the larger version for home ... Keeps all nice and neat , very sturdy .
 This organizer is not only useful and convenient , it 's very nice looking on a desk and holds quite a bit more than it looks like it would .
 This was a gift for my granddaughter , and she loves it . I provided pink labels and colorful school supplies to go with it . She promptly organized all the items under the labels . Now it sits on her desk adding attraction for her homework chores .
 Keeps everything on my desk organized without taking up a lot of space ! Would definitely recommend to others in need of desktop organization & minimal space !
 Very poorly packaged , placed in box with air pillows on top . The unprotected side was cracked and broken . The cold weather probably played a role in this , however , this item is a hard plastic and should have been surrounded with some sort of padding.I am awaiting replacement , as it was shipped by Amazon . I hope this time , the packaging will be better . My little box with pens , SD cards , and thumb drives will have to stay there until the new one arrives.Being able to see what I need through the clear plastic is why I ordered this item , and it does n't take up a lot of desk space .
 Perfect . Small footprint on desktop and lots of handy storage for all those little things right at your fingertips . Very pleased.Good value .
 Item stores lots of items without taking up too much desk space . Makes my small desk space a lot more useable .
 A wonderful product at a reasonable price . Nicely designed . Good but not great construction . Compact and ergonomic . Edges are polished and/or beveled -LSB- thus , safe to leave exposed where children or pets might get to it -- depending on what you store in it , of course ! . Context
 it 's exaclty like the photo but its pretty small . or at least i thought it would be a little bigger . I do like it and use it all the time so that 's a good thing : -RRB-
 The only thing I was disapointed in was it only speaks in English . I am a native English speaker . I needed it to hear the words in the Czech language . I was not to happy with it because of that one reason . If it were to speak the words in Czech then I think it would be great.Disapointed ...
 This is an excellent tool for anyone speaking Polish or German wishing to learn English . However , if you are going the other way , as I hope to , it has a problem . The tech specs incorrectly state that it has speech synthesis in all three languages . It does not . It only verbalizes in English . Otherwise it 's incredible.Delivery was quick . I called them up and explained the problem and they agreed to exchange it for another model , which like its brother , claims to verbalize in German . I hope it does .
 I bought it to study German language mostly . The vocabulary base is truly huge English-German , Polish -- German and Polish-English and I found everything I expected to and lots more . What I think is probably the most useful function of this speedy device is the instant reverse translation . The voice capabilities are really good and useful if , like me , you do n't have a clue how to pronounce some words . The grammar books are helpful too as far as they go .
 ***** This is a great set of Sharpies for artists , because there are so many different colors . You can see from the picture that quite a few of the colors are really light and would n't be good for use as markers for signs or other types of usage ; however , they are great for any kind of art work . I found that even though the colors are light , the markers are strong and mark very well in the lighter shade.These Sharpies will write over many different kinds of paint and ink without any problem . When you apply watercolor or a mixture of ink and water over them they do n't run at all . I use them for my art journal , and will use this set until it wears out and then buy another . They are economical and I ca n't find a better deal on them anywhere.Highly recommended . *****
 As a Sharpie connoisseur , I have to admit that I buy these things more often than I get groceries . In any case , this set was great with basic colors that I need.These are the ones that I keep at hand at all times since it 's just enough to tittle my excitement from all the bold , lovely colors but not overload in shades of shades . I stick them in a mug and place them on my desk . The perfect palette .
 Great product . Good clear , non smearing images . Grandchildren and I loved using them . I loved the idea of the color-coded caps . However , one of the caps was wrong , so we ended up with two light violet pens and no light blue one . Amazon 's price could n't be beat .
 These are all really great colors . I take a lot of notes that I have to scan in to PDF format . Sharpies work great for this and I just love the color as a bonus . I use the fine point and the extra fine point together in my notes and they work wonderful!If you attended lectures or have to take notes and have not tried using sharpies ... I suggest you try them . Once you do , you will not be able to use a plain pen or pencil again ! : -RRB-
 No problems with this set . You can never go wrong with Sharpie . They are the superior permanent marker , and we use them for all sorts of projects , especially the stain glass coloring books . Bear in mind that Sharpie &#34; fines &#34; have different tip widths and this is not the finest one . It actually seems chunky for being called a fine , but we used it for coloring bigger areas and backgrounds . We bought a set of ultra fines for detail . If you color , you probably eventually need a set of each of the widths anyway .
 Positive : Amazing set!Amazing colorsAMAZING dealVery versatile ! I use them for everything !!! Has a lot of ink ... Well I never had one sharpie long enough to test how long the ink lasts.Bold colors!Negative : None
 These are fabulous for drawing on needlepoint canvas - totally safe , and the service when I ordered was excellent .
 Shapie markers are simply the best permanaemt markers for just about any use . We use them for making quick signs in our shop , putting names on clothing -LRB- on the inside -RRB- , and in the woodshop to indicate cut lines.The colors are bright and do not fade over time . They are also pernanent , so some care should be taken.Highly recommended !
 I absolutely love the Sharpie Fine Point markers . I do alot of meditational coloring and these markers have the perfect point and distribution of ink of any moderately priced markers that I have tried . I also enjoy the variety of colors in the 24-count set although I would like to see more light colored markers to replace the overwhelming amount of blacks , dark browns , dark blues & purples but that is just a personal preference . The only problem I have with these markers is that they run out of ink too soon . I seem to be replacing them every few weeks . Other than that I would recommend these markers for older children , teenagers and adults that are using them for fun and not for professional reasons . They are much better than PENTEL ARTS markers and not that much more expensive .
 Sharpie is a good brand and this package was a great price . i would purchase this product again for sure !
 Sharpies are awesome!I bought this set at the time when they came with some 80s Glam colors and they are pretty cool colors . I wanted to try and color some designs with sharpies instead of paint and maybe even outline with these and then paint.Amazon had the packs and discounted prices over hobby stores . I did go tot he hobby stores to look at the difference between Fine and Super Fine . I bought a pack of each here on Amazon.Hint
 I love sharpies so when i found this on Amazon for this great price i had to have them . The markers worked well and there were so many different colors and they makes perfectly to the thick tips .
 We bought these for a dinner party . Bought a large drop cloth from Big Lots and handed out 3 sharpies to each guest and encouraged them to doodle their art/words during the six course meal . Everyone really got into it and now we plan on doig this again for our next party . Havent washed the `` tablecloth '' yet , so dont know if the colors will bleed .
 This pen set is excellent quality . I can tell that they will last for a very long time . My children are using them for crafts and scrapbooking . They love them .
 Very pleased and felt I got a good deal on these sharpies ! Will use on my paper dolls and in my sketchbook .
 My daughter loves them ! They are really great , lots of colors , good quality ! Lots of fun ! I really recommend them .
 They arrived in time for Christmas and they are working really well for my daughter - she uses them almost every day !
 I believe there is nothing to be said about the pens . They are Sharpie ... . The combination and price are just great .
 great colors . great sharpie product seem to keep form of the point and does not get mushy with use , love it
 I bought this set for group art projects and they work great . I 've used them to design and color masks as well as to write onto canvas.There was one pink pen that bled into the canvas , but all of the other colors held their place very well . I will be using these pens for many more arts and crafts projects !
 I have both this set and the Bic Permanent Markers set and though I like the Bic colors better than this set they wear out way to fast ! So for the money and how long they last this Sharpie set is the better bang for your buck . I personally use these to color pictures with to relieve stress so I keep two sets of these on hand at all time .
 Not much to say about this product . I love sharpie markers and this was a great price for so many of them . The colors are nice .
 I have had these pens before and they work well for some of my art projects . The color is vibrant and easy to match to other pens .
 Buy it if you need sharpie lol great on price . Beautiful colors. :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 I bought these thinking they were regular sharpies . My mistake . In my opinion , the fine point pens should n't be the same size as the regular ones -LRB- confusing -RRB- , but that 's neither here nor there.These markers make very narrow lines , comparable to a ball point or fountain pen .
 I love the fact that this faxes quickly and efficiently , and that it makes black and color copies , but takes up not much more space than a fax machine . I have just tested the color copy feature today for the first time , and I am pleased . It is fast and sharp . You can fax multiple pages without having to separate pages or have pages go through together as was the case with a fax machine that I owned for only a few weeks due to its poor feeding problem . I do n't know about color faxes , so I 'm not sure if I would ever use that feature . It 's just a nice compact desktop way of having fax and copying options virtually at your fingertips . The unit is well-designed and appears to be well-built . I am using this fax/copier in a home office primarily for faxing out and making copies . I use a fax service from innoport.com for incoming faxes that are delivered to my email.Since I wrote this , I have had an a vertical black line on all incoming faxes , and black and white and color copies . I am going to attempt to clean the scanner glass per the instructions of technical support . The other frustrating thing is that the bar that rolls the paper through the machine is very tight , so it can get jammed at times , but on the plus side , this machine feeds sheets of paper usually fairly well . A mixed bag - sorry I ca n't change my review to 3.5 stars . The color copy quality -LRB- aside from the vertical line -RRB- is very good and rivals that of an inkjet printer . The features for enlarging , reducing and changing tone and contrast are also very intuitive and helpful . It also is a very fast copier in black mode .
 I PURCHASED THIS FAX FOR $ 99.99 WITH A $ 40.00 REBATE.THIS UNIT CAN FAX AND PRINT IN COLOR AND BLACK . THE PRINT IS VERY CLEAR.I CONNECTED THIS UNIT TO MY PC WITH A USB 2.0 CABLE , IT CA N'T BE OVER 6 ' LONG . THIS IS A PLUS BECAUSE YOU CAN PRINT FROM YOUR PC.IT HAS A 300 PAGE MEMORY AND 10 ONE BUTTON INSTANCE PHONE NUMBERS CONNECTOR.THERE ARE 4 INKJET CARTRIDGES WHICH IS GREAT BECAUSE YOU CAN REPLACE THE COLOR THAT IS NEEDED.THE SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD IS VERY SLOW FROM THE WEB SITE ONLY.I HAD TO TRY 4 TIMES BEFORE I GOT THE PRINTER AND FAX SOFTWARE.I RECOMMEND THIS FAX OVER A TONER FAX ANY DAY . IT HAS A QUICK SETUP AND A LARGE OWNER MANUEL TO EXPLAIN ALL THE FEATURES.THIS MACHINE REALLY LOOKS NICE AND EXPENSIVE.IT IS A GREAT BUY AND THE $ 40.00 REBATE IS A PLUS .
 I like this machine . It 's easy to use , the quality and speed are good , and the additional USB connectivity is very useful . Since I refill all my printer cartridges rather than replace them , I found the cartridges on this machine easy to refill . I 'd recommend this machine .
 After reading the quick set up and part of the manual I finally got the machine going . I am very pleased with the easy functions ... once you follow the directions the machine has a memory ... I love the fact that it also makes copies ... I am very happy so far with this machine ... just waiting on my rebate ...
 Brother quality has always been good , that also goes for thier intellifax machines .
 I am in an Italial class in college and it was a struggle for me to keep up in class . I got this translator to help . It is small , fits on my books in class without blocking anything , and is one of the single most helpful dictionaries I have ever found . It `` thinks ahead '' when I am typing and presents complete words so it saves time.The verb section of this dictionary is a little spotty and there is no tense/conjugation present but it does provide all unconjugated verbs that I need.Bottom line is that this has helped bring my grades from a C to an A. I am keeping up in class now and I can follow along with the rest of the class in lecture . If you are a struggling Italian student , buy this !
 The seller was very quick and prompt with sending me the item . I actually emailed her that I needed it sooner than normal because I was leaving the country , and she was very nice and sent it right away . The product was also in great shape .
 This translator is the best I have tested . In most instances I can use it instead of my traditional Italian/English dictionary . One of the nice features is that when I start typing a word , the display shows the first available complete word . Many times this saves having to type a lengthy word.I have tested several Spanish and Italian translators , and this is the best I found -LRB- without going to translators with audio -RRB- . This translator usually has the word I want , which is my primary test of any translator .
 I had the battery problems that two reviewers wrote about . I changed batteries twice and they went dead within two days . I wrote to the company and was luckier than some of you in that a tech told me that I have to put plastic -LRB- scotch -RRB- tape over the batteries so they do n't come into contact with the metal cover . I do n't want to negate your bad experiences , but since you have the device I hope this helps . Note that I have downgraded my rating one point due to the documentation that does n't include this simple direction .
 I 've used several types of electronic dictionary since the early 90s . Some were talking dictionary , some were not . I have used standalone electronic dictionaries and software that ran on PDA -LRB- Palm , PocketPC , Psion -RRB- . In comparison , This Ectaco EI200D dictionary is well made over all . It does n't talk , but it 's slim and functional . However , the buttons can be made better as they are not very firm and sensitive . Some times you have to press hard to key a letter.I bought this to assist my learning of Italian . It is very handy when I am in the classroom , on the train , outside , at the doctor 's office -LRB- in Italy -RRB- , where I do n't have access to my computer . It 's a quick dictionary for doing my homework.I did n't have the same battery problem as some other users here stated . My unit came with a plastic cover and the batteries last at least six months with frequent -LRB- 4 ~ 5 days a week -RRB- usage.It also comes with a CD contains Italian/English dictionary and other software . When you register the product on their web site , you 'll also get an email with links to download and serial numbers for many types of dictionaries from/to Italian in several languages . If you are a PDA user , you 'll be delighted as many of these programs are for Pocket PC.I downloaded the talking Italian/English dictionary for Windows , along with the PhraseBook and Flashcards . I use the dictionary almost everyday.It offers some basic phrases for common situations , but it does not offer abitrary phrase translation . The categories are : Conversation
 This is a great machine for the price . The word database is more than adequate at over 400 thousand words . I do n't have the battery problems that some customers have . I attribute this to the mfr making corrections based on customer complaints . I notice that my manual is dated 2005 , and that the battery cover is plastic . The plastic cover obviously negates the requirement to place an insulator between the batteries and the cover . There is no problem with contrast either . The contrast is easily controlled with the contrast knob to give me optimum brightness . I 've been using the unit for about two weeks . I do n't know how long the two CR1220 batteries will last . I have no complaint with the unit but one suggestion for enhancement . And that would be inclusion of definitions of acronyms.Dominick
 I found this device really good at what it is meant to do - namely replace a regular paper dictionary . The vocabulary base was suitably inclusive and the search functions make it really quick and easy to find the words I am looking for . I have n't had any problem with the batteries myself and when I called customer service about how to use some of the bonus software , I was treated well.One thing I really appreciate is the new words recording function that lets me add to it in the rare case I do n't find the word I need.Overall , a good product .
 We wanted an all in one unit for faxing and messages for our home office . This one appeared to fill the bill . It 's compact and the quality of the printing is good . LCD is hard to read and the controls are clunky . Still a good deal for the money .
 Network was simple to set up using XP . The only downside is that the drivers are not include in the box - you have to download them from Brother and its about a 90mb download . After that , connect your cables and your set . I dont know why everyone is saying it wont work with XP or is difficult to set up . The whole process took about 5 min .
 Overall , I am pleased with this fax machine/printer . I am not sure why Brother does not send a disc with it ; it would make it so much easier to use . I have n't been able to scan yet , as the manual refers me to the disc , and there is no disc . The print quality is good . The fax works with our distinctive ring tone , which is what we were mainly looking for . The phone does n't sound great , if you get too close to the receiver there is an echo but , all-in-all , it is a pretty good little machine .
 I have been using my Brother IntelliFax 1940cn for almost a year now and I am very pleased with it . As others have mentioned in their reviews , there is NO Installation Disk packaged with this printer . You 're forced to download them from Brother 's web site and it is not immediately apparent which drivers/applications you need . I am using this as a shared network device and and it works great as both a printer and Fax . One of the reviewers here mentioned a problem with the drivers in Windows XP . I do n't know what they 're referring to because mine works great with Windows XP . The documentation is very detailed and does a good job explaining the advanced features of this printer/Fax . I give it 4 stars because of the burden placed on the consumer to figure out on their own which drivers/applications they need to download from Brother 's web site instead of just including an installation disk like almost every other computer hardware manufacturer does .
 When a company puts messages in a public space , it 's called advertising . When a citizen leaves a message in a public space , it 's called vandalism.And the retractable point is something we 've all yearned for , if inchoately , for years .
 Pros : - Love simple but great ideas . I am a klutz , so there are more than a few times I lose the cap of my markers or forget to seal it back . This is not as bad for a ballpoint pens , but for markers , forget it . Next day , the tip is as dry as a board.-It is a one-piece writing device.Cons : - Tip is smaller -LRB- fine -RRB- than the regular Sharpies-You still need to remember to click it back to retract . : -RRB-
 This easy to use phone has great features , but it comes at a high price . I 've owned these phones for 3 years and have n't had any problems with them . I 'm looking for more wireless handsets now , before it 's too late .
 all the features work great . the message part works fine too but the voice quality is less that I would like
 Pros : Compact , all in oneCorded has reasonably good sound ; Range of cordless is adequate - sound quality is also in the middle.Answering machine is fairly easy to setup , but lacks features of many of the higher end stand alone answering machines.No phone cord needed for cordless extensions - just an electrical outlet for the charger.Two lines one one corded/cordless is a convenience.When I setup a conference , the quality is better than my old stand alone two line corded phone.Cons : The default pickup when making a call is always line one ; my prior phones were always the last button you had pressed . Minor problem - almost all my calls are on line two.Answering machine is a bit combersome , and remote access is not as flexible as stand alone machines.Caller ID is from the front menu so you have to scroll - last incoming call not on screen until you press a couple of buttons.Also , last number redial requires two or three button press - though it can hold the last 10 or so numbers that you dialed.There is no single button call ; for your list of callers you have to go one by one to find or else use alpha lookup . No dedicated buttons for frequently called numbers.Even with all the cons - I still feel this gives me more in one unit than I have seen in others .
 Almost did n't buy this because of bad reviews but I 'm glad I did . I 'm very happy ... I was looking for expandable phone , with corded base , two-line , 5.8 GHz . I work at home several days a week and spend hours on the phone in conference calls . I do NOT use the speaker phone -LRB- no speaker phone can really edit out the background noise as far as I 'm concerned -RRB- - I only use a wired headset . If I need to walk around , I use the headset with cordless handset . NOTE
 I too operate a home-based business . I use both lines and the digital answering system . I find that the voice quality is exceptional through both the corded and cordless handset . I get very good range throughout my 3600 + sq ft house and in my front and back yards . The digital answering system is very clear and easy to use . I recently moved the business out of the house and just purchased the same phone system for my new office .
 I own a home-based ecommerce business , and I am very pleased with this phone . It handles the 2 lines nicely , the answering machine functions meet my needs . We have 2 cordless phones that we use with the base unit , with headsets . Works great . With the addition of an Invotel AudioImage SX4400EZ Music-On-Hold adapter , I have music-on-hold capabilities - at a fraction of the cost . I read the previous reviews that poo-poo this phone system . Yes , it could have been better thought out in the design phase - as pointed out in the previous reviews . However , I just do n't think the cons come anywhere near the pros . If I had it all to do over again , I 'd still buy this phone system . That 's the greatest compliment I can give it .
 I got the phone and a wireless expansion phone -LRB- a wireless expansion phone comes with the corded unit , so I have 2 wireless phones -RRB- about a month ago . I really enjoy it because all the phones have speakerphone capability . The headset & mike I use does n't make my voice sound muffled like some other phones I 've had . It is a 2 line unit and both lines work great . Some of the functions like redial and to delete CID numbers take several keystrokes to accomplish which is somewhat annoying . The wireless expansion phones are very clear and have no static . I have voice mail from my phone carrier so I do n't use the answering machine . All in all , I feel I got a great phone and a great price .
 I 've probably purchased about 10 2-line phones over the years . The category is always pretty severely hampered in terms of features and usability , and I 'm guessing that 's because it 's in between home use and office use . Nonetheless , two lines ca n't be that uncommon can it?Anyway , let me start with the good . * This is the first 2-line answering machine phone that I could set up completely without a manual . The base station has lots of dedicated buttons that are big , and obvious . * The corded base combined with a cordless handset is a great idea . It means I do n't have to hunt down the handset to use it . * Decent sound and tone quality when talking to folks , although some describe the sound as a bit `` hollow '' . However , I found that older folks who are hard of hearing can hear my voice very well with this phone . * There is an option for the answering machine to `` chirp '' when it has a saved message . Very handy when you walk in the door , you know you have a message without looking at the machine . * You can charge a 2nd battery in the base unit , this doubles as a battery backup if power goes out . Unfortunately , the 2nd battery is not included . * A mute button for speaker phone . How many phones do n't have this ? * The wireless handsets can be speaker phones as well . * Overall , the thing feels `` natural '' to use.Now the not-so-good : * The Answering machine works well enough , but sound quality is really marginal . I have n't tried the outgoing message , since I prefer the anonymous outgoing message . But the saved messages have fairly poor quality , like the sampling rate is way too low . * Entries in the phone book can not be selected once the phone is off the hook . That means you have to select an entry from the phone book , hit either line1 or line2 speakerphone and then pick up the handset . It 's not horrible , just awkward . * Why will no machine maker include a `` save as new '' option for messages ? This should be a no-brainer , since it 's value is immense . Maybe it 's too costly to implement . * Phone book entries put in the base are not pushed out to the handsets and vice-versa . The manual tries to turn this into feature , but it 's not . * speaking of which , why will nobody offer an ability to transfer phone book entries to/from a PC ? Or do people like entering phone numbers and names repeatedly?Overall , you realize you pay huge premium for that 2nd line , and there are tradeoffs , but this appears to be a decent choice given the alternatives . Phones are sort of personal in terms of what you do and do n't like , so pay attention to the negative reviews as much as the positive .
 I have been using this system for my home business for at least 10 years - Have a base and five cordless units . I bought this additional base so I would have a spare and could keep using the cordless ones well into the future . Batteries are easy to find online and last about 2 years . The best system I could find for two lines .
 Works great . I have had this for a few years now . Also ordered an extra cordless handset too . I wanted a corded 2-line speakerphone for my desk and one or two cordless handsets around the house that could access either line . You only need 1 jack for each line . The wireless handsets transmit thought the base unit . I purchased a separate brand wireless headset for the base . The phone has a headset button and input for a wired 2.5 mm headset but I do not use this feature . I have never used the answering machine so I can not rate it although it has 2 mailboxes , 1 for each line . My only 2 wishes
 I purchased this product for home office use . I found the cordless phone to be very clear when talking . Very easy to set up . Plug and play . Does not have voicemail light for services provide by your LEC >
 First off , my application may not be the same as everyone else 's . I wanted a single base phone with expandable cordless connectivity , and I only needed one line . I like the look and feel of this one , so I bought it and an extra expansion handset . I 've had no problems with this unit . I think it 's attractive and comfortable . The sound quality , both incoming and outgoing , is quite satisfactory .
 It is so hard these days to shop for electronics , with models that come and go , with lots of attention paid to `` looks '' , and little to functionality . This is phone that seems to break that mold . The model has been stable and available for several years , and it seems to get the basics right . The design is uncluttered , the phone sound is clear , and it has useful and easy to understand buttons and functions . Range is good enough for our house.I bought one for home , then went and purchased another for a small business . Both are working great . I particularly like that most functions work perfectly from the wireless handset.Annoyances are : * The answering machine clock is not visible , so when it 's wrong you do n't know . * Each handset has a separate dialing directory -LRB- so you have to enter Joe the Plumber into each phone -RRB- . * Handset battery life is mediocre . And the spare base battery that allows you to use the base phone during power outages is essentially useless due to short life -LRB- you 're better off leaving it next to the phone , then popping it in for , oh , 2-3 minutes of calling time -RRB- . PS
 A reliable , multi-featured , plain paper , flatbed fax/copier/scanner . The best feature is that the paper intake lies flat and prevents paper jams that always occur in vertical feed machines . This machine has 4 ink cartridges , acts a complete telephone answering system including speaker phone . Stands alone or connects to your computer via USB `` A-B '' cable and , the documentation says , it will send/receive faxes from your desktop . I have not done this , yet . But it works well as a primary or alternate printer . Additional drivers are required to be downloaded but , installation worked smoothly and by the book . Cool feature is that this machine responds to it 's own `` distinctive ring tone '' or `` ring master '' tone and will not answer regular telephone calls if you so desire . Although you can still answer and talk from this handset if you want . You 'll have hours of fun learning all the things this baby can do . Very nice for the price . I liked mine so much , I bought one for my Dad .
 After 15 years of use -LRB- sort of old fashioned , I use things until they are really useless or completely broken and can not be repaired -RRB- of another Brother machine -LRB- the intellifax 820 -RRB- , I thought it was time for a nice upgrade.I chose this machine over a Canon for instance because of the price , but also because I wanted to use it as a telephone and an answering machine . I could n't be happier after 3 months of use . It is extremely complete and versatile -LRB- phone + answering machine + fax + copier -RRB- , unbeatable for the price . The machine , once in place , is also compact , unlike -LRB- yes , you guessed -RRB- most of the Canon models , which take so much space.Down the toilet goes thermal paper , of course . But that is not all . As compared to my old 820 , this one has a speakerphone that works both ways . By that , you can not only hear what is happening on the line , but also talk without picking up the receiver -LRB- could n't do it with the 820 -RRB- . It also has a caller id function , so you see -LRB- if part of your package with the phone company -RRB- if those nasty telemarketers are bugging you . Plus , it has a message center memory . With all the hurricanes and power outages for whatever reason , this is very practical ; all your messages will be kept in memory for 24 hours when the electricity goes out ! This machine also makes nice copies , as long as you stay in black & white ; -LRB- definition and consistency are not good in colour -RRB- . Copies can either be made once at a time , or by putting them all on the flatbed and boum , there they go in line . Just like at the copy shop , where they have those expensive machines that are often out of order . I have n't tried sending colour faxes , but if I do , I 'll come back and edit this comment . No problems sending multiple pages faxes though , thanks again to the flatbed system . Pages go out in a zoom , but the rest depends on the quality of the phone line , and obviously on the quality of the machine at the other end.A couple of drawbacks on the machine
 This unit works good but is hard to set up for the technologically disadvantaged .
 The DoorKing DK2600 7-Day clock works perfectly . You can set it and forget it . Even with our recent Ice storm and loss of power , the battery backup retained the clock time and setup , so that was one less thing for us to worry about . Installation was quick and easy . However , the programming instructions are hard to follow , and the diagram did n't match the DK2600 faceplace , but we finally figured it out .
 These are the correct labels -LRB- based on the description -RRB- - arrived promptly and the price is right , but the product image on the page is incorrect .
 Always a good qualty products . Printing on labels excellent . Like the new lighter stock of the backing . Printing 4 up on sheet and cutting into four separate labels saves some cost . Box of 100 sheets = 400 labels .
 Sheets are substantial , paper is relatively thick , possibly a bit thicker than regular typing paper . Adhesive is EXTREMELY GOOD , make sure it 's where you want it prior to pressing down . When applied and pressed down , it ai n't going anywhere !
 We have used lots of labels and the Avery brand seems to stick better than the other brands -LRB- which some are made by Avery so not sure why -RRB- - but if you need them to stick with no peel/rolling corners these Avery labels work best for us
 I absolutely love this as a business card holder . I have gotten several comments and everyone says how creative it is . The case is very durable and fits in my pocket . Colorful and easy to use !
 This is very sturdy and I 've received numerous comments , especially from males whenever I pull it out ... amazing .
 The card case arried in a timely meanner , and it is was I was hopping for .
 I bought this after being disappointed with what the Christopher Reeve Foundation sold me . The front side of the keychain is very nice , very attractive . The backside is somewhat rough , without contours or polish . This is not a fatal flaw but does prevent the keychain from getting five stars from me.PS
 This was a better keychain than I expected . I did not expect the Superman symbol to be so large . I am very happy with this keychain . It is high quality and durable and looks sharp . I recommend it to anyone who loves Superman .
 As has been mentioned by others , you MUST see this to see how nice and large it is . The picture does n't do it justice . An absolute must have for any superman fan ! Worth every cent !
 This is a really nice keychain . It 's very heavy and it 's better than I was expecting . Very pleased .
 item is better than the picture . it seems like its worth more than its price . this is a bargain ! im actually giving it as a gift for a friend who is an avid superman fan -LRB- unlike me -RRB- , but im kinda liking it myself ... hmmm ... : -RRB-
 I have got to tell anyone who is a superman fan this is a must have , a necessity , and is worth every penny.This may sound silly , but I ordered three more . you will not be disappointed .
 I NEEDED A KEYCHAIN FOR MY GIRLFRIENDS BAG AND IT WAS PERFECT , SUPERMAN , AND I LOVE SUPERMAN , AND I LOVED HER , SO I GOT IT AND IT DID ALL I EVER ASKED FOR IT TO DO , JUST HANG ON HER BAAG ANF LOOK GOOD .
 I 'm a Supermam fan and I like it very much , even if is slightly bigger than I thought . Good quality material .
 Big Superman fan ? Want something that reflects your passion for Supes ?? Then this keyring is a MUST have for you . At 2.7 '' wide & 1.7 '' tall , this official emblem from DC is robust & solid . Made from die cast metal , it feels just right when in hand . The fit & finish too is spot on & the materials are of the best quality . Dont look beyond , just grab it rightaway.Again , sunset keychains did an excellent job of shipping it via USPS.Highly recommended , full star rating .
 Just received it , lovee it , as the other reviewers said , its alot bigger than i expected , from the picture it looks like its chromed , however it 's not , the front is actually a gun metal colour , looks hott actually . The back is flat and black . Love it , no regrets at all .
 This is really a great tape . Once I bought it in a store , and now I ca n't find it anywhere in any sotres . So I searched the Interenet , and I 'm so glad that I found a place that sells these . Thanks a lot .
 truly wonderful productjust not the same uses as normal tapeexcellent for all sorts of repairs but not for paperas good as duck tape
 If you 've got limited desk real estate and want something to hold your documents while you 're typing -LRB- keyboarding -RRB- , this is awesome . The blue color is sassy and a fun compliment to the original `` Indigo '' iMac , or as a spicy contrast to a boring beige or black computer . Easily stores in a brief case , pocket or purse and needs no stickies to attach to a monitor .
 These little dealies are the best invention ! Keep documents upright so you can view them while you type . Or keep recipes off the counter and in clear view while you cook . You 'll want several .
 If you 've got limited desk real estate and want something to hold your documents while you 're typing -LRB- keyboarding -RRB- , this is awesome . The green color is sassy and a fun compliment to the original green & white iMac , or as a spicy contrast to a boring beige or black computer . Easily stores in a brief case , pocket or purse and needs no stickies to attach to a monitor.These gizmos look like the faces of whales or sharks . You can easily affix one to your wall and either paint eyes on the wall above or affix plastic googly eyes - then this little handy gadget can serve as an attention-getting note holder.When dad comes home and asks , `` where 's mom ? '' the kids can say , `` check the note shark ! `` I rarely ever go `` Martha Stewart '' in my house , but these gizmos look so much like shark faces , they 're begging for tihs treatment !
 If you 've got limited desk real estate and want something to hold your documents while you 're typing -LRB- keyboarding -RRB- , this is awesome . The red color is sassy and a fun compliment to the original `` Strawberry '' iMac , or as a spicy contrast to a boring beige or black computer . Easily stores in a brief case , pocket or purse and needs no stickies to attach to a monitor . The sand that 's inside to weight the plastic makes a nice sound when shaken - so they can also double as conastas at office parties .
 I currently own this pen/cil in 3 colors . My complaint is that they are difficult to find at a reasonable price , and most vendors only carry silver . I really want another orange one because mine got `` borrowed '' and never returned . When my local Staples store has them in stock , I buy one in every available color and give them out as gifts . For those of us `` particular '' people who write checks in ink and do our register in pencil -LRB- yes , I still do things manually -RRB- , it 's great to carry one utensil . I buy compatible refills in blue ink , because I prefer it over black .
 This product fals into the category of one I hope does n't disappear because it is so good , it does n't catch on . The doubleCLICK is simple , easy to use , and reliable . Amazing no one thought of this before now . The pen ink is medium , and the pencil lead is thin -LRB- .5 mm -RRB- which is my preference . There are very few products in this world I genuinely like , but this is one of them . The only downfall is I have not found an easy place to find the ink and eraser refills . I do not want to throw this pen away when it runs out of ink . Bravo , Avery .
 This is a great pen and pencil combo . Only drawback - it 's easy to lose cap and/or eraser . Refilling could be easier . This is my second .
 Looking for an all in one that performs every time , then this is the pen . I have tried them all and this one is as simple as it gets . Even has a site glass that lets you know the selection of choice .
 As with other reviewers , I think this is a gem of a product . I too like to do my check register by hand as I go . I do the register in pencil and checks in ink , and like the handiness of finding all necessary writing implements in a single reach into my purse or pocket . I am perhaps a degree more obsessive
 do n't know why stores do not carry this product , it 's great not to dig around for both pen and a pencil , I write every thing in my check book in pencil so if I make a mistake I do n't have to hunt for the white out , then with the same instrument in hand can go ahead and write my check in pen !!!! hope I never have to be without this pen , I ordered 3 and have already had one disapear , hope they enjoy it as much as I do !!! I also ordered pen refills at the time of purchase ...
 I love this pen ! I can write a check in ink and balance the check book in pencil ! The cap to the eraser falls off a lot and I have to dig in my purse to find it . My pen just rolls around in my purse . I would recommend this pen .
 Works as expected . But I find it a little bulky although that is understandable given what it does .
 My daughter likes to write fan fiction . . well her room was strewn with starts of different stories . Now she has them neatly stored in her expanding document carry case ! I guess she can stay .
 Threw out the `` old '' expandible case . I 've sorted through many before taking a chance on this one . I have twice as many pockets and it 's very sturdy . I am thoroughly pleased .
 This thing is huge ; probably 4 ' by 6 ' . Great detail , well designed , and durable . Exactly what I was looking for . Took a gamble because there was no description on the size and I wanted a big map . THis fits the bill !
 This map is a good size and easy to read . However , when it was hung by push pins , just straightening out the bottom ends caused the upper corners to tear past the pins . We really were n't tugging much to do the straightening and had to be careful hanging and smoothing it out the second time around . The laminate could have been just a bit thicker to improve quality .
 Got this as a map to mark all the roads and cities I 've traveled along . It 's big , clearly marked and colorful . The only `` con '' would be that it does n't fit on standard size mounting boards but that was easy to fix -LRB- buy two and cut to size -RRB- .
 Over the years we have traveled much of the United States , parts of Canada , and Mexico in our motorhome . We bought this large map to outline our travels -- part of the adventure of travel is to see where you have been.This map has given us an opportunity to outline our travels in perfect scale . Our travels show up nicely once we use a Sharpie pen to cover the routes we have traveled.We had the map mounted onto a poster board and it hangs on our &#34; travel &#34; wall perfectly .
 I 'd love to have given this map 5 stars , especially for the price but whomever rolled mine up was n't that careful and there will always be some kinks . Other than that , it 's great .
 This map is nice , we got it for our son and plan to put it on a metal or magnetic board so he can put magnets on it . FYI , the dimensions are 56.5 '' x 39.5 '' .
 My husband and I have both worked in the meat department of a grocery store . So we are used to paper cutters . We ordered these and have not had a problem since we received them in October .
 Got ta buy meat in bulk and freeze it . How did I do it with that simple little roll of wrap they sell in the big-box store ? I do n't know , this thing is great . Order yourself some freezer paper , mount it , and get to work . It 's so much better than the piecemeal operations you get local .
 My 16 year old daughter wanted a clipboard , this is her color . She loves it . Service was great , it arrived very quickly . She 's happy .
 Installed easy and holds all my sets of keys . I like the black color as opposed to all the tan ones that are out there . Definitely recommend
 The quality was really good on this product . I could n't believe I was getting metal and not plastic . I mounted this in my pantry for all the keys we have and it keeps everything in its place . It was very easy to attach to wall as well .
 Does the job and is sturdy . . Mounting bolts were n't ideal but got some toggles and it 's not going anywhere now . Larger key sets bulge out a bit but it 's really made for just a key or two on each tab .
 This worked well and had plenty of hooks . It did not have a lot of space for remotes like a garage door opener
 This was a solid purchase . Holds all my keys , and each has a tag . My only minor complaint is that the key used to open the door has a very small opening for my key chain and does n't slip easily around the ring . I do recommend this product .
 This key box worked well for me . I thought the price was very reasonable . It 's pretty simple to put up and works very well for me . No surprises . It does what it 's suppose to .
 It is a great , inexpensive way to organize and store keys . Easy installation . Having a lock is nice to deter children or others from casually obtaining the keys within . It however is not going to withstand forced access .
 This is perfect for home use . Nicely made and heavier duty than I was expecting . Its not very secure of course since the mounting is with key-hole style screws . If you do n't want someone to steal the entire box you have to drill your own holes thru the back .
 This key safe is compact yet holds LOTS of keys . It mounted easily and is well built . I highly recommend it .
 Very well designed and attractive unit . Less than half the price of ugly boxes at the local business supply store . The oblong key tags are a plus .
 Excellent safe for home keys , auto , etc. . Find special keys for garage , storage sheds in a second with the handy tags .
 It has become very handy for keeping up with my keys . I always have a hiding place but never can remember where . This makes it so easy and I carry the key with me .
 The key box was easy to install on the wall . I use it to keep our machinery , sheds , gates and house keys organized .
 You can pay more for lesser quality . This item includes 25 plastic key identifiers while most others do not . Pretty Good !
 this does its job well . have no complaints what so ever so i have no problems with this at all
 Awesome stapler ! Do not waste your money on the Swingline . I have owned 3 Swinglines and the Rapid is easier to load knew cartridges and is much more consistent with stapling up to 80 sheets . If you need a high volume stapler for large stacks of paper get this one . It is used in our A/E office of 100 employees and we frequently staple large stacks of drawings .
 By far the best electric stapler . Staples almost anything with ease . Definitely worth the money ; as someone with arthritis of the hands this has not only made me more efficient , but made my job also less painful .
 This stapler is the greatest in existence by far . I went to the midnight launch for this puppy a while ago and boy was it worth it.First off , up to 80 sheets of paper stapled at once ?! WOW ! I remember when you had to paper-clip those suckers together . Second , the auto staple feature ! You just slide in an object and it senses it then THWAM !! Staplerized !! Yeah , it costs $ 600 , and it keeps all your papers in order without the chance of losing any pages . Unlike paper clips . Paper clips are just pieces of rounded metal that keeps everything bunched together . I guess the only difference between this $ 600 automatic stapler and a paper clip is that with a paper clip you can
 These pens arrived in a neat clear folder . Each pen worked fantastic and are a dream to write with . The ink doesnt smear and the pen glides effortlessly.Some of the colors were ones I would never use , but hey , your use may vary.I am buying another since I use these so much .
 The Sarasa colored pens are my absolute FAVORITE ! I am a bit of an office supply junkie , and having tried many other gel pens over the years , I can confidently say that these are the best I 've found on the market ! The ink flows smoothly and consistently on various surfaces -LRB- without that annoying white streak down the middle of my lines , which other gel pens often leave behind -RRB- . And , compared to other gel pens , the ink lasts a surprisingly long time ! The colors are vibrant -LRB- I only wish the set also included purple -RRB- . The 0.7 mm caliber produces lines that are a bit thicker than with some of those skinny felt tip pens -LRB- so they 're not ideal for fine , tiny writing -RRB- , but I prefer the smoothness of a roller-ball pen . The retractable barrels , cushioned bases , and the plastic carrying case make the pens convenient to use and store . I highly recommend this product , especially for students who like to color-code their graph/chart lines and write eye-catching notes in margins .
 These pens are great . I was looking for gel pens to use under a black light when I purchased these . They are really too dark for that , but they are great nonetheless . The ink does n't skip or smear which is important for a lefty like myself . The only thing here is the price . It 's pretty high if you ask me . I found a great deal recently at Office Max where I got two packs for $ 10 ! I would have bought more but I did n't have the cash on hand .
 We purchased these envelopes to be used for both Invoices and Checks printed out of Quickbooks . They work just fine for the Invoices and Statements , but on the Checks , the TO and FROM fields do not align properly in the envelope windows . I moved the print alignment down a bit in Quickbooks and the TO field is better -LRB- still not perfect -RRB- , but you ca n't change the pre-printed FROM location on the actual checks . Looks like we are going to have to order separate envelopes for our Quickbooks Checks which is what we were trying to avoid doing . = -LRB-
 These envelopes work great with my quickbooks invoices . They are a perfect fit ! I also love that they are so easy to seal . These envelopes would be a little too big for the quickbooks checks , but for invoicing and statements they are the right size . I will be ordering these from now on !
 My husband owns a small business and used to hand address his invoices . Finally talked him into ordering these . They are great and will be a huge time saver .
 I 've been using these envelopes for a couple of years now and they really work well . I 've tried switching to a different brand of self-sealing envelopes but they were more of a hassle to seal closed . These Redi-Seal double window envelopes are quick and easy to use , and they fit the laser checks we use in our small business very well . Amazon sells them for a good price , too !
 Quality Park Park # 9 Redi-Seal Double Window Envelopes , White , Box of 500 -LRB- 24529 -RRB- These envelopes fit perfectly with my quick book statements . As a small business owner , using these types of envelopes makes my monthly mailing of statements faster , easier and less messy and it is another product that Amazon allows free shipping to Hawaii . Mahalo Amazon ...
 Many envelopes are double windowed but few are double windowed and SELF STICK . I hate licking 1 or 5 or 50 envelopes . The take home message is SELF STICK .
 Most envelopes are equal until you 're ready to seal them . I 've been a big fan of peel & seal , but even that earns you some repetitive motion ailments if you have a big mailing . This envelope has nothing to peel - it has two flaps ; fold them together and the envelope is sealed . Very helpful for a small business .
 These are great envelopes . I found it difficult to find an double window envelope and self-seal without a strip that you have to pull off . I 've been using these for several years now -LRB- ~ 125 a month -RRB- and have been very happy .
 At first , I was a little skeptical about ordering these envelopes , but since they were from Amazon , I was sure I would have no problems if they didnt work correctly . I can say that though these envelopes are a tiny bit smaller than the `` Quickbooks '' envelopes , they work perfectly . The seal is great , and I will be using these from now on . You can not find a better price anywhere .
 I ca n't order these envelopes from my vendor anymore & I was soooo excited to find them on amazon because they fit my laser printed checks sooooooo GOOD !!!!! thanks for the timely receipt of the product ... i would order again from the seller !!!!!!
 I have quickly and easily mailed hundreds of invoices from Quickbooks with these . They 're high quality security envelops that I also use for Quickbooks checks . Self adhesive with no licking and no peeling !
 I hunted on line and in stores for these envelopes and found this to be the best price - exactly what I had been looking for . Will certainly order them again .
 These envelopes are great for our Peachtree invoices . The easy seal design is fantastic because who wants to worry about taping or licking so many envelopes ?! My only problem is that when you have have several invoices to put in one envelope it does n't always fit right and the address gets partially covered . The shipping with Amazon is SUPER fast , do n't pay for shipping - do the free 5-8 business days and you will still receive in 2 days -LRB- or less ! -RRB- .
 These envelopes are exactly what I was looking for to send out our statements every month ! The envelopes seal nicely , and there is no licking or taping needed at all . Quick and easy to stuff and stamp ! Shipping was super fast too , as to be expected with Amazon Prime : -RRB-
 These are n't high quality envelopes but they are right on for the price . They stay sealed just find and they get the job done ! I will purchase again .
 RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE , WORKS NICELY , HOW MUCH MORE CAN YOU SAY ABOUT AN ENVELOPE , THIS REVIEW SHOULD REQUIRE LESS WORDS !
 Works like you 'd think ; good price -- Amazon is a juggernaut saving money and my TIME !
 It 's exactly what I was looking for ! It 's a very heavy-duty wonderful tray . It 's meets and exceeds my expectations !
 Rotring has good inks and makes really nice pens . I prefer the broad weight ink best for writing . These particular cartridges are hard to find now so was glad to find them on Amazon . Just wish the ink lasted longer and cost less because it seems so ridiculous to spend so much on ink . The price you pay for high end pens , is n't it ?!
 This is a bargain . If you go to a craft store you 'll pay twice as much !
 I was speanding more $ $ in staples earlier . . but it was worth purchasing it from amazon . Only problem that I found was that , since the foam board is soft and delicate , when I opened the box the sides of the board was not smooth , they got bend during transporation . Other than that it is nice .
 Black foam boards make very attractive artworks , even if the rest of the materials are recyclables - newspapers , straws , yarn anything works well with black .
 I 'm using these and a box of the white foamboard as light modifiers in my photography work . I 'll get lots of use from these as they are durable and easy to use .
 I bought this item &#34; used &#34; and it was an amazing price . Product came quickly and was packaged well . The only concern I 'd have for buying this product used is that all the edges are bent , but the edge bending problem seems to be fixed with the full-priced reviews -LRB- which is n't as expensive at buying at the store at all -RRB- . If you 're going to chop the board up into pieces anyway , buy the used version , but if you need them for displaying purposes -LRB- as in , you need the boards in pristine condition -RRB- , go with the full-priced one from this vendor . Great find , I will definitely be coming back .
 The poster board was black on both sides which makes it easy to recycle for another project if necessary . Delivered promptly in perfect condition . Could not ask for more .
 This board is the same standard 3/16 '' board found in any craft store , only costing about two-thirds as much . It arrived quickly in good shape . It is hard to find ten sheet packs in stores consequently this is an even better value especially when you purchase enough not to have to pay shipping .
 This is a very cost effective way to glue or mount many things.Excellent product , arrived UNDAMAGED -LRB- all corners -RRB- in my case which I was first worried about from other reviews.I use the Logan Simplex Plus 750 to cut them nicely -LRB- ounce I got the hang of it ! -RRB- . Very happy.Thanks , Mako
 This is the second year we have purchased this product for my daughter 's History Day exhibit . I had read previous reviews that mentioned corners being bent or damaged but the problem must have been resolved by Amazon . Both shipments we have received have been perfect . The price we purchased at beat the sale prices at our local crafts stores . If she competes again next year , we will order again .
 I actually purchased these for a project at home , used to make a hanging photo collage . They work very well !
 These foamboards are so much cheaper online . I highly recommend purchasing them from here . They come in an extremely large box with extra packaging , but the corners may be slightly bent . However , I had no problem at all with the boards themselves . I used them for a presentation and they turned out great .
 This is a very thin mouse pad which is my preference and the surface of the pad is n't rough on my wrist which is what I 've found with many other mouse pads . I use these mouse pads for all my computers from netbook to desktop PC .
 This Mouse Pad is great for NetBook PCs . It is very thin and fits within the NetBook for traveling .
 This little notebook mouse pad is so thin it fits inside the notebook when closed . I admit I 'm a mini-mouse person and this little pad sure does the job !
 This mouse pad is very thin and has great tracking for laser mice.It is great for tavelling with a notebook since it is about 1/2 the size of a regular mouse pad.It also works great if you have a keyboard/mouse tray since most mouse pads are too big to fit on the mouse platform .
 if you have never used this product go get one now . They are excellent with very very good tracking of the lazer mouse . Buy it but get the large size .
 The WOW Pad is a great product , a must have for a laser mouse . Once a person uses it it they 'll say , `` WOW '' ! Buy the large size pad , this one is too small .
 I have a small home office desk therefore , I needed a smaller mouse pad . This is perfect . My mouse glides perfectly across the surface . This has a super slim profile and it easily stores on top of my keypad when I close my laptop . Would love to see more patterns and colors offered !
 I have a new Hp lap top . I am not pleased with the finger mouse pad . I bought a small mouse for this computer and needed a small pad for the mouse . I found one that works nicely with my set-up . Thanks Amazon for another good product .
 This is a tiny little , sturdy plastic mouse pad . It is perfect for when I am using my laptop on a soft surface , like my bed . It 's super thin , so it fits in between the laptop when I close the lid . The graphic is brighter in the picture than in real life , but I was n't buying it for it to look pretty .
 I have this in my front yard to help cover the dirt -LRB- NO protection from the elements -RRB- . Has held up nicely in the snow , ice , rain , and severe sun . Will get more to cover up yard so I do n't have to worry about sinking in mud . Looks much nicer than dirt too .
 Kodak matte photo paper works just fine in my canon printer . I like the bright white in it and the photo prints look real nice . If you are used to a heavy/normal photo paper weight , you will know this feels very thin but it has a nice feel . Nice for my family pictures . Nice price .
 Excellent reproduction of image on monitor . In my experience Kodak papers are much less prone to degradation than other ink jet papers . That si , they do n't fade or discolor as readily . They work well with all brand printers , but if you have a Kodak printer , this is the way to go . The matte paper is more brilliant than other papers -LRB- e.g. , semi-gloss -RRB- .
 KODAK Photo Paper for Inkjet Prints/Gloss , 8.5 in x 11in - 100 sheetsIDEAL PAPER FOR PERFECTING THE QUALITY OF YOUR PHOTO AND FOR PROVIDING COPIES OF YOUR PHOTOS TO FAMILY AND FRIENDS . QUALITY OF PHOTOS SHOULD BE MORE THAN ACCEPTABLE TO ADVANCED AMATEURS .
 The title says it all - reasonable shipping time and good deal on this photo paper . Will do repeat business with this seller .
 The paper is fine , but I would have liked it better if the non-printable side allowed printing justplain text which it can not do because it has Kodak labeling all over it !
 I recieved these cards for my birthday and then orders more . I just love them and they have a lot of choices . Butterflies are my favorite . Great gift or use yourself .
 The Kodak brand has always been a trusted brand and they did n't disappoint me this time either . The paper is good quality and I recommend it to anyone .
 WHEN YOU WANT GREAT PICTURES USE ONLY KODAK GLOSSY PHOTO PAPER IT REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE . IT WILL USE UP YOUR INK FASTER
 Kodak always has had great paper its a matter of finding a good price !!! I do n't remember who I bought the paper from but I got a great price Thanks Amazon !!!!
 I have had other brand of photo and it is not of the same quality as the Kodak . My pictures came color wise and finish just beautiful .
 since its my first paper to use i found it to be great picture qaility is good and eay of use .
 I loved the price . Decided to bring all the pictures on memory cards to life and this did the trick !! Perfect !!
 Great price for a better quality photo paper . I am printing to a very high quality commercial grade printer tho . Maybe that makes a difference . I 'll buy it again !
 Excellent quality , vibrant colors , excellent price . Exactly what I was looking for and fits my budget , better price than other sites .
 I am a repeat customer and love this photo paper . Buy with confidence and print out quality photo 's everytime .
 It is n't as glossy as you might think and the paper is very thin but . . as I said . . good for everyday photos -LRB- school project , framed photos etc -RRB- . Also , it would be good to have known that the backside has a ` kodak ' printed all over .
 It 's very high quality glossy paper and works great for framing my photography work . It works best for framing however as it is not as thick as standard photograph paper so do n't use it for pictures you will just be holding in your hands.I 've recommended it to friends and printed numerous fine photographs of my own and other photographers with it for framing .
 Ca n't beat this good quality photo paper at a great price .100 Sheets of Glossy 8.5 x 11 inches photo paper.What more can I say . It is Kodak quality paper at a discount price so buy it !
 The paper arrived very quickly , was packaged well and the quality is very good . Pictures print easily and look professional in uality .
 Love anything Kodak , sorry to see them in a slump , but I love snapshots of just about anything and to have the ability to copy them is great !!! The ability to make this purchase through Amazon.com is even better !
 I order this paper to make prints of my paintings . I 'm very happy with the results ! Good quality paper on excellent price !
 This paper has a nice glossy finish , and it does n't seem to take up too much ink . I 've found that a matte paper setting on my inkjet printer works best for this paper.The weight is a little light , but that is not a factor considering the pictures I print with this paper go into albums or frames .
 We 've been using this paper for proof prints for more than a year -- maybe 20 to 50 sheets a day for `` everyday '' work -- and our customers are more than satisfied with it . It looks good , prints very nicely , feels decent and has that `` Kodak '' brand printed on the back of each sheet , which reassures our customer
 This photo paper does the job for me . The quality is nice and it 's easy to use with any ink jet printer in my opinion .
 i used it the first day i received it . i am making pictures for a 60th wedding anniversary and they came out just fine .
 The paper is a cross between regular paper and photo paper , because it 's glossy like a photo , but thin like a piece of paper.I like it good for scrapbooking , because it does n't matter how thick the photo is , just that it printed good & I like the little bit of gloss.Plus it was a good price for all the photos that I print out for me & my kids to scrapbook .
 I make 1 '' buttons -LRB- badges , pins , etc. -RRB- and have never been able to find a `` consumer-grade '' glossy photo paper that is thin enough to work inside a button fixture until now.This paper allows me to print high-quality designs on my inkjet with amazing clarity & color depth . The thickness is just perfect for making buttons -LRB- where regular paper was the only option before -RRB- . I use an Epson printer & Epson inks and unlike the others , have had no issues with print-quality . My advice to those individuals would be to check their paper settings when setting up their print-jobs . It should be no different than printing on any standard glossy photo paper.I consider this paper the only solution for my purposes and will continue to recommend it to others .
 We use this Kodak paper for wine labels . It prints beautifully , has good adhesion on the back side , and is light enough to hold a curl against the bottle . The price was fantastic . I 'd buy a hundred boxes if I could ! With a continuous ink system for my inkjet printer , this is a perfect solution .
 Great bargain considering the price was so low . You 'll pay double the cost at leading office stores like Office Depot . Takes good quality photos , the paper is somewhat thin ; you still get that brilliance that you expect from glossy paper through .
 i spent twice as much for half as much at walmart . never again . i have a new grandson and have been going thru this like crazy . but he is so work it ! give this paper a try
 Love this product . It is very consistent in it 's colors . The brightness and saturation of it 's colors brings out the image as it should be.It works very well with my Epson printer .
 This photo paper is outstanding and is changing how we print pictures today . The cost is reasonable and the quality is great ! There is really no need to purchase photos from the former sources . Very pleased .
 I 'll keep it short and sweet . If you are like I am you probably do n't want to read a crap-ton of reviews!These prints are perfect for printing drafts on , or maybe even small 4x6 photos . I WOULD NOT recommend printing these for high-quality , post on the mantle types of photos . But if you are a photography student like me , these are great for printing to check crop , and color balance within the photo.Downsides to this paper : Images seem a little washed outIt 's like printing on the wrong side of matte paper -LRB- Designers , you know what I mean -RRB- , but you still get the semi-gloss affect.Hope this helps ! Happy printing !
 I recently purchased this item and its a great buy . Good paper quality , prints photos in vivid color . Plus the quantity of 100 sheets is right up my alley for all the printing I do .
 QUALITY AND PRICES ARE SUPER IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO HAVE NICE PHOTO OR CARDS THSI IS PAPER FOR YOU
 I have to print professional reports which requires to have medical grade xrays on them.These papers do the job very well . I tried the canon ones too -LRB- which were more expensive -RRB- thinking they would do an even better job but i reverted back to these.My fear is that kodak is now bankrupt and do n't know how much longer these are going to be around for .
 This inexpensive photo paper works splendidly for all my arts , crafts and scrapbooking needs ... and it even created some nice personal photos when I used it for that purpose . I knew from the price that it was n't going to be highest grade , super glossy photo paper , but I must admit , it was actually better quality than I was expecting . I use it with an inexpensive Lexmark printer , and I have n't had one smeared print , not one faded-looking print , nor any of the other problems that other customers have claimed to experience . This paper has worked beautifully for all my needs , and I appreciate the great price . Sure , if you are going to print priceless , personal photos , then shell out the extra cash and purchase the high grade , high priced paper . Hopefully , this particular paper will remain at a fair price , because I will be buying a lot of it .
 I purchsed these for my dad . He is always printing pictures . This is quite a savings instead of going to the local print shop .
 The paper is very good quality . the Pictures printed out are clear and gives a nice gloss to it . I enjoy printing the pictures here .
 I agree . I have also used it for photos that came out wonderful IMHO . Maybe a bit thin for some but fine for me . But for crafts this is the best paper I 've found .
 I purchased this thinner paper to put together some `` matchbox size '' photo albums for a party . The paper was perfect for this purpose and the quality is excelllent . Another great product from Amazon .
 This paper worked really well with with an HP Photosmart printer . I used this paper to print a PowerPoint presentation with photographs and text on each page . The photos printed with good detail and color saturation and the text was very crisp . I would use this paper again without hesitation .
 The Kodak paper is great , the price was great , but the packaging was not good . It was obvious that the package was dropped on its corner and therefore the paper , all 3 packages , are damaged in the corner . In the future I would suggest better packaging .
 I purchased the photo papers from Amazon thinking it was fine for every day photos . However , this photo paper has proven to be be great for all photos , and even as fine as those more expensive photo papers . I rate this excellent , thus 5 stars .
 I can not believe the amount of photo paper for the price , this was a wonderful deal . It was such a great deal I bought two . I would defiantly buy more at that price when I need it .
 It is same as described in the product description and i have not expected any thing else so i am happy with this one .
 For less than 9 cents a piece , I do not understand what some people are complaing about . It is thin and glossy is not very glossy , but it serves its purpose well .
 I had to buy a new printer and it kept jamming on the paper that I had -LRB- although it was supposed to take that particular weight paper -RRB- . I bought the Kodak paper because the weight was thinner and it worked beautifully -- no more jams !
 Paper is just as described . Good quality , brand name , great deal . Not to much else to say but that it was worth the purchase .
 Price was good and received quickly I think . Ca n't be sure because I never received an order confirmation and do n't recall date I placed order but I did receive a shipping notification for this product . This is nice photo paper ; prints beautiful pictures .
 This paper is just what I was looking for ... to print nice color flyers on my canon pixma ip4500 printer . I was a little hesistant about the weight of it , as other reviewers thought it was so thin ... I think it 's perfect for my purposes . To me it is similar to the old HP inkjet brochure paper -LRB- 48lb text -RRB- , only I can print on just one side rather than both .
 The only thing that this paper lacks is thickness . It works great in my HP printer , fine color , fast drying . The large sheets are also cheap enough that I do n't feel too bad running a few test prints when I 'm editing a photo . I 've bought several boxes over the last year or so , so I must be happy with it .
 This photo paper may be thin but for making CD inserts , it is just about perfect . Good printing surface and flexible enough to fold without difficulty . I have bought a second pack of 100 just because it works so well for this purpose .
 I own a really good printer , a Canon Pixma , and this paper works well for me . It 's a bit thin , but i 'm just printing off photos for scrapbooking , so the thickness does n't matter much . Good paper for the price !
 I buy lots of photo paper and print lots of photos . This is a good quality paper at a reasonable price .
 These coasters exceeded my expectations . Look great in any decor . They have received many positive comments . After seeing these friends have ordered for themselves .
 We bought a few different patterns of these . They are perfect coasters . They silence ceramic mugs being put on a glass table plus they 're absorbent and easily washable . This Jaipur style matches my wife 's mouse pad.I highly recommend them . A bit pricey but they are made well and unique .
 The product `` Coaster Rugs '' are great . Look good and meet all our coaster needs .
 I bought this because we have a kodak printer and I can print pictures a little cheaper this way . The paper is pretty thin and next time when I buy photo paper I will definitely get one with more stars because as the picture on the box shoes this is more better quality for memo boards / corkboards not exactly for photo albums which is what I was hoping to use them for . but it is still good paper and I will use it
 Resonably priced , shipped on time , a good product.I should not be mandated to write more than I care to .
 I have had this exact keyboard tray on my home computer desk for several years . When I needed a keyboard tray added to a new desk at work I was pleased to find this one . It 's the best and the price is very good . Thank you .
 Bought this tray for my wife 's desk . Bought it to replace a different manufacture 's tray that broke . This tray is easy to install and is very solid and stable . My wife enjoys having a tray that does not bounce when she types . It slides in and out easily . She keeps it at the same level all the time . She did not want to use the Mouse tray.Make sure you mark where to put the screws carefully . Double check to make sure the tray , when pushed in , keeps the tray from hanging out in the front . Also double check the make sure the tray can be pulled out the distance you want . Depending the height of the tray after pulled out will determine if you will have to lower the tray to push it in . For my wife , she could keep it at the same level pulled out or pushed in .
 I replaced my old one which is identical and they are still making them ! Am so glad cuz it tucks away nicely when not in use and slides very nicely to the angle that is just right for your body size . Very sturdy and well made !
 The keyboard tray itself is great ; the mouse tray a bit less so . The aspect that I most appreciate is the stability . There is absolutely no wobble , which is an improvement over the previous under-desk mount that I had . The mouse tray , though , makes me aware of any tendency I might have to rest my hand -LRB- and weight of hand/arm -RRB- on the mouse . I also really wish that Fellowes would devise a better way to secure the foam pad to the tray . The adhesive is totally worthless .
 Pros
 The tray is solid and works perfectly . Very adjustable and I like the mouse pads and wrist pads that came with it . Only 1 cosmetic dissatisfaction
 I like the product . The only issues I have with it are that the mouse tray is a bit flimsy and sits a bit too low in relation to the keyboard tray . Lastly , the piece of paper used to line up where to install on your desk is very helpful but I would suggest making sure you leave enough room on the side of the desk where the mouse tray sits .
 Fun to install , tilts all the way up to accommodate my hands in the fetal typing position . Would gladly buy again . No wobbling , plenty of space , great .
 The previous keyboard tray I had was a fellowes , so luckily I did n't have to re-mount the bracket . My previous tray was metal but this is made out of MDF or something , so while it is lighter and easier to work with , I can see it perhaps breaking some day .
 These drawers are extremely well built to withstand anything that you can throw at them on a day to day basis with flexibility to use them at any angle . I 've purchased 4 of these over the past year and would definitely buy more in the future if needed .
 After continually fighting with trying to find a comfortable setting with my flat pull out tray I finally broke down and searched for a replacement . There was no way I could spend $ 250 + on this item so I was happy to find this Fellowes product for such a reasonable price . Although I was a little hesitant due to the price difference I was pleasantly surprised upon unpacking the product , it did look like it was made well . Then I installed it with ease and found the adjustments easy to use and it felt very sturdy.What I did not like was how much lower the mouse tray was than the keyboard tray . Maybe that is the most ergonomic way to use a mouse but if felt very unnatural to me . I simply modified it to have the mouse tray right on top of the keyboard tray and it feels perfect to me . Unfortunately you ca n't swing the tray in to slide it under the desktop without moving your keyboard but for my particular situation it did n't matter.I 'm sure that the more expensive are better but for my budget this was a gem .
 I purchased this keyboard tray based on the ratings I have read . Turned out to be a great product for the price -LRB- < $ 100 -RRB- . This is a very well built tray , and could cost much more based on what you get . Installed very easily . The connection arm to the tray is very sturdy , and adjusts in multi-directions , and operates smoothly . What more could you ask for in a keyboard tray ...
 Even though I was hesitant about ordering two of these for other people in the office , the product actually works really great ! I 've had no complaints yet , in fact , I 've received compliments for finding these two at such a great deal . Thanks !
 I am in the waiting stage for the delivery of my second unit . Most likely the reason I had to get the second one is that the shelf has been positioned so that the shelf actually rests on my knees unless I stick my feet straight out in front of me . Resting on my knees has no doubt led to some unnecessary upward pushing and at times that pushing has been first one side and then the other . Even though I broke the one I am still using , I was able to get it back into shape enough to use until the new unit arrives . The 30 some percent discount on the price of the new one probably had something to do with me ordering it on New Year 's Eve .
 I write software for a living and am typing all day . This keyboard tray is the best one I have found . It is very adjustable , includes support for a mouse , and is well made . It allows me to type with my arms at a downward slant and saves me from repetative stress problems.I have purchased several of them for different places I have worked , and highly recommend it.A couple of things to be aware of :1 . It is not incredibly easy to install , but once I got it mounted it is more sturdy than anything else I have found .2 . If you have a large keyboard with a dedicated number pad , you may want to mount the keyboard tray off center so that the center of your letters is centered on your desk .3 . The keyboard tray comes with wrist pads for the mouse and keyboard that stick on with double sided tape . The pad eventually breaks up and flakes away . Do n't even bother attaching it . Best ergonomic practices dictate that you do n't wrest your wrist on anything while you are typing anyway .
 Not quite office premium quality -LRB- plastic versus metal arm -RRB- , but works great . Also , instructions state to mount 7/8 inch from edge of desk , may need to mount further in -LRB- sticks out about an inch -RRB- . Also noticed that care needs to be taken when repositioning the tilt . Once unlocked , the keyboard tray falls loose , unlike my office one .
 The arm assembly on this product is fantastic for the price . It operates smoothly and provides an excellent range of adjustment.I found the keyboard/mouse platform design inadequate . My ergo keyboard just barely fit on the keyboard platform . I found I was always banging my knee on the mouse platform . Also , I switch left/right mouse hand every week , which is very inconvenient with this design.To resolve these design shortcomings , I simply fabricated a replacement platform from a single 28 x 12 x 1/2 inch piece of MDF . Now I have plenty of room and switching mouse hands is easy .
 Great keyboard/mouse management for the price . I got this to replace a plastic drawer/tray and sliding mousepad . After about 1 year of average use , the plastic holding the tray to the desk and the sliding arms to the tray both broke . I was looking for something more sturdy that did n't cost a fortune . This is it . The installation is simple and the construction is very sturdy . There is a central slide/tilt mechanism that is very adjustable and tightens down easily to hold the keyboard at a specific angle . the mouse pad swings stiffly but smoothly in place and then pivots back under the keyboard . The included rests for both the mouse and the keyboard are comfortable.If you are a heavy user and tend to pound on the keyboard -LRB- gaming frustration ? -RRB- or have little ones that get access to your computer , or at least the keyboard , you might want to invest extra -LRB- a lot ! -RRB- cash on an industrial strength model . Otherwise , this one seems to hold up well , even when our son -LRB- 4 -RRB- abuses it occasionally . Definitely do not spend money for the $ 20 or more plastic models or you will be buying another one in less than a year .3 minor annoyances
 This tray is stable and stays where I position it . -LRB- I use the MS Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000 . -RRB- It fairly easily adjusts up & down and tilts with a hand crank -LRB- I would n't want to make this adjustment daily but for positioning purposes it works well -RRB- . It freely moves in & out and side to side , but with enough resistance to stay where I put it while I 'm typing.It 's been over a year since I installed the keyboard , so I do n't have much in the way of setup advice , except that reading all the setup suggestions in the reviews was very helpful when I went to setup . The only modification I made was to put the spacer for the mouse tray under the tray instead of between the keyboard tray . I use a mouse pad with a wrist rest and it was too big to close -LRB- even with the spacer in the right place -RRB- , so I just leave it out all the time . This way my mouse tray is n't an inch below the keyboard tray . I was having problems with my mouse pad sliding off occasionally because of the tilt position I chose , but since I strapped a hair band around the mouse pad , it 's stayed in position nicely.I would definitely purchase this tray again if I needed it on another desk -LRB- this one works as well as when I started using it over a year ago -RRB- .
 I 'm a medical transcriptionist and started working from home so I wanted to make my office area as erogonomic as possible . This worked perfectly for lowering my keyboard where I wanted it . Feels quite sturdy even when typing 8 + hours a day . I 'm very pleased with it !
 Tray adjusts well with the knob . With too much pressure -LRB- pushing on it accidentally -RRB- , it does slip a little , but this is not a big problem . The only thing I 'm not happy with is that the mouse tray is maybe 3/4 '' lower than the keyboard tray - did n't think it would be a big deal when I bought it , but now it 's annoying . I wish it was all on the same level.All else is good !
 This was a great purchase . Arrived quickly and installed relatively easily . I wish that there was a little more flexibility in positioning and movement , but it definitely is serving it 's purpose . I had a limited amount of space on my desktop and having the ability to gain that space back and still have a comfortable , adjustable keyboard AND mouse tray is great . I would definitely recommend buying this if your situation is similar .
 Its a little difficult to adjust because you have to keep unscrewing and tightening the knob to do so , but its extremely sturdy and tilts up and down and its really easy to use . Perfect for home use .
 We use a couple of these in my office as computer desks . It 's a good size if you 're looking for a desk with ample space for computer work , yet it 's not too large . These Bush desks assemble rather quickly . If you 're at all handy , you 'll have it up and running in about 10-15 minutes .
 Perfect desk for my home based office . Easy to assemble ; arrived in 2 days via Amazon Prime . Looks great . I love the desk and I highly recommend it to others .
 First , the model number is EXI8966 , not 9866 . I bought this in year 2000 , and in 2001 added a 1300mAh NiMH battery pack to it -LRB- bought from Amazon , outer package said AT&T ; , while battery said Sanyo . You can see my seperate review of that battery -RRB- . Even with supplied NiCD battery , which is only rated 600mAh , you get up to 7 hours of talk time . All other features work as advertised . The handset surivived a few drops on the carpeted floor . The base speakerphone is pretty loud and clear , can hear from across the room . No need to put my ears to it to hear the caller talking.The flaws are minor . I 'd like to see the entire handset keypad backlit , not just the numeric keys plus the Talk button . The base keypad has no backlighting at all -LRB- and the base is running on AC adapter , so there should be no concern of battery life here -RRB- . The major flaw is the method of inputting alphabetical names into the handset 's memory . It 's not a design flaw of this phone only , but every Uniden cordless 900MHz made around that time was designed this way . Instead of using keypad to enter a letter , like pressing `` 2 '' will cycle through `` A B C a b c 2 '' so you can pick one you want , they force you to use Up and Down arrow keys , to scroll through the whole big list , the entire alphabet , capital letter , small letters , 0-9 , then some characters . For every character you enter , you have to do this . By the time you enter phone numbers into the memory , only will they allow you to use the keypad . The designer of this `` feature '' must be on cracks while he/she worked on it.Overall , it 's good quality , durable , and a good value . There were several Radio Shack models back at that time , were Uniden OEM products -LRB- they have handsets that look almost identical to this one -RRB- .
 We like this phone so much we 've bought two and are about to purchase a third . What we really like are the dual caller ID displays -LRB- so you can check caller id even if the handset is not at the base , or vice versa -RRB- and the dual keypad with speakerphone , which allows us to to check our voice mail while we 're doing other things.A really nice package by Uniden .
 Good Quality , more affordable . Purchasing through Amazon lets us obtain this product at a slightly cheaper price , therefore , making it a good value . Also , these covers are sometimes hard to find .
 Great price and perfect for shipping clothing ! I can fit a lot in these bags and they seem very durable .
 Great quality envelopes , great seal , great price . Perfect for ebay business . Will buy again . Just the right size for mailing clothing .
 THESE polybags are great for mailing anything that is small such as shirts , etc. . I will buy these again , great price and arrived fast
 Excellent Bags , just what I was expecting ! Very sturdy and great quality ! Very well packaged ! Very fast shipment ! Overall great Experience ! Would buy again !
 These are so expensive everywhere else and here they are so cheap but a great quality ! I will be back to purchase more !
 Nice , clean and durable white poly mailer . Self seal closure stays closed with a peal , fold , and stick method . I would buy these again .
 The items were ordered on Wednesday and I received them on Friday . Excellent ship time , I will buy from them again
 I mail packages for my online sales and I use these bags all the time . I can not say enough good things about these bags . Seals tight , no see through , water proof , does not add additional weight to the package .
 These poly mailers are a great price and good size for mailing smaller than sweater type items . I ship a lot for ebay and these bags are much more economical than boxes . These bags are durable and do n't tear easily .
 These cheap plastic envelope bags are exactly that
 These are great for mailing items . They are durable and inexpensive . Very lightweight so you save on postage . They can be cut and taped if you need to sell smaller items also . Go with the biggest ones you can afford so that they can mail you large and small items . They are lightweight enough not to matter in postal charges .
 Ordered these to ship lightweight clothing articles for sale on eBay . I print my shipping labels on regular computer paper and tape them on the poly mailer using package tape . I 've had zero issues with the quality of the mailers , the seal of the adhesive , or taping my own labels on securely . I 'd definitely order again , and maybe get a few different sizes.The only thing I ca n't speak on is I 've yet to try self-stick labels -LRB- do n't have any -RRB- ...
 very good for mailing soft unbreakable things.I need more words to complete this review , so I added this sentence .
 very sturdy , bags do n't tear , they seal tightly and they mask whatever is inside effectively . price is right . absolutely aces .
 Thes are great , super lightweight but stong . No problems with tearing . These have a super grip once you seal the envelope . The price ca n't be beat . You will save money on shipping and supplies with these .
 This has made selling on ebay and shipping products to friends and family super simple . Great product , very light weight but very strong .
 These poly mailers were a fantastic price and the product was perfect . Exactly as we expected when placing the order !
 I ship items often and I love these mailers . I would definitely recommend them as long as you use bubble wrap for anything fragile .
 Wonderful for mailing just about anything that fits.Also fits documents . Cost less than cardboard.I would make this purchase again !
 The price was just right on these mailers . The are perfect to mail so many items from clothes to booklets and everything in between .
 nice quality supplies , A + + + + + + , will shop again !!! scale works perfectly .6 * 9 bags are a little too small , but i chose the size so no complain !
 The tape is very sticky and nice and holds a lot without stretching or tearing . I would definitely order thesse again . They came extremely fast and shipped for free .
 These envelopes are great . They are lightweight , you ca n't see through them and the adhesive is tamper-proof . I 've shipped several items in them and they have worked wonderfully . I did n't have any issues with the envelopes sticking together as other reviewers did . My clothing items are already in bags from manufacturing , I 'm not sure that I would ship in these without it.All in all , a great buy .
 The product was what I expected but , they only sent 88 as opposed to advertising 100 for my purchase price .
 I purchased these envelopes for the company envelopes events shipping . Everyone got the shipment safely with no damage . The material is ok and over the average although not the best , but it has good price . Might purchase it again when need it !
 These poly bags are great for mailing items that I sell on Ebay , Etsy , and Amazon ! They fit everything from clothing , books , stationery -LRB- from my custom shop Sweet T Paper Designs found on Etsy -RRB- , baby items , and just about anything else that does n't need to be wrapped in bubble wrap . Although if the items is small enough , you could use bubble wrap .
 These mailers are a great size for several tshirts and doggie tees , they are too small to mail hoodies and jackets . They are light weight and save us about $ 3 each shipment.We have had no tearing or ripping complaints from any of our customers , we have shipped approximately 30 of these all over the country .
 These bags work great to keep my shipments clean and dry . I can save and use first class postage now instead of the high priority prices for small items .
 I have shipped many items in these polymailers without a single complaint ! These are very high quality , inexpensive and lightweight so they do n't add much to your postage costs .
 These are great if you are going to sell on the internet , they weight less than 1/5th of an ounce , and you can fit 1 pair of jeans , or several adult shirts , or 4-6 pairs of kids clothes in one . waterproof , tough , I 'm well pleased , I prefer over paper envelopes .
 I previously used the paper envelopes with the bubble wrap inside , but these work just fine and they are ALL plastic , so more easily recycled by the recipient . I got 100 of them for what I was paying for about 50 of the other kind , so I am happy and so is my boss . Just be careful when you go to seal them up - they will NOT peel back open if you forget to insert something in there ! Labels really stick to the package as well , so use care when sticking those on ... if it accidentally gets one corner stuck and it is crooked , it will stay that way .
 As an eBay seller , I need good packing materials to send items . This product is secure , waterproof and lightweight . It holds a lot of items , such as lightweight tops , lingerie , light pants , jewelry , dvds , etc. . I am really happy with this particular size . I found out about this thru word of mouth and that Amazon was the place to find these . I 'm super happy !
 I bought these bags for my business . I package soft items like blankets , clothing , etc. . They add zero weight to packaging , they 're waterproof , the adhesive is very strong , they 're durable yet pliable and I absolutely love them . The postal worker actually asked me where I ordered them because she said they always hold up very well in transit . I strongly recommend these mailers . Size wise , if you 're unsure , you can always order the next size up and then just fold over the extra , sticking the adhesive flap farther down the package in order to bundle it up for smaller items . I 've done this several times .
 I love the family of these envelopes . They are so sturdy , flexible , light , convenient and pleasant to use , The adhesive is perfect ! I very much enjoy using them , and all my packages look so stylish and professional !
 I sell Passion Parties products and they recently switched to paper bags that I do n't like . These are perfect because they are peek proof and can also be sealed . They 're also the perfect size to send out a hostess packet . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The mailers are strong and hold plenty of product . They seal well and have no problems with them . I 'm happy with the product .
 These 9 x 12 mailers are just what I need . In the future , I may need larger mailers and I will be ordering from this manufacturer again .
 I bought these reading strips for my son who is learning how to read . They have helped him focus strictly on the line that he is reading without distraction from the of the words . I also gave the rest of them to his teacher and she has found them very helpful to the other students in his class . Great Product .
 I bought the highlighter strips for kids that I tutor at the school I work at . I had several kids that would n't pay attention while we read . I like the strips that I bought for a few reasons . First , I like that they came in three different colors because it allows me to offer my student the color that THEY want . The strips really helps them focus and stay on track while we are reading .
 We have a 10-year old in our family who struggles with reading due to unidentified reasons -LRB- not tested for dyslexia yet , but we suspect -RRB- . The difficulty it gives him has caused an aversion to reading - it upsets him and stresses him out . Well , when we starting using these strips his reading improved greatly ! we are going to ask his teacher if he cam bring them to school . he has stepped up to using the strips on his own and can recognize words and maintain focus on the line much better ! Best of all , with the decrease in struggle , he is becoming more comfortable about seeing the books come out .
 OK my daughter is Dyslexic and although she has gotten better at reading we could not get her to read a chapter book as required in school She would only read books with short passages on each page and a picture . During our parent teacher conference I explained to the teacher the problem we have and how reading a chapter book with alot of words per page can be very challenging for our daughter . The teacher pulled out one of these and said they get lost easy so she has no more but she will give our daughter the last one so I can see how much it helps her . I went home and it was like a miricle this kid read her first chapter book without a problem ! She loves the books we pick since for a 4th grader they are more age appropriate than picture books . Anyway I ordered a package and the teacher is right they are small and thin and get lost easily but since the price is n't bad I do n't mind ordering more I even ordered a package to send to the teacher to keep for other kids in the class . So for anyone with a struggling reader this is definatly a huge help
 My son is dyslexic and this is a great tool and book mark to have . I bought them and gave them out to his whole class ... They all are using them now .
 Several of different colors came in this set . I am a therapist working with public school students . I can loan out pairs of these -LRB- one for the student and one for the teacher -RRB- and they don ; t seem to get lost !
 I have never purchased bubble wrap mailers on the internet , but I have to say that it was a great experience because the bubble mailers were durable and had a nice sleek look to them . I was pleased with the way they were neat and had great room considering the ' 6 by 10 ' size which I ordered well over a month ago . I was quite pleased with the results of my purchase , and I would buy from the individual I originally bought my bubble wrap mailer from which I made my purchase .
 This is a very cool safe . Comes with greattether , two keys and 9 compartments . Lock work just great . Came a day early too . Great servicd
 Great little mount for a small TV or computer monitor where you do n't need all sorts of articulations . Does the job . Nuff said .
 I use these cards to make flashcards for my children 's foreign language lessons . In my view the reason to pay for Avery biz cards is how cleanly the perforations break off . I 've used generic cards before -LRB- not to name names , but the reputable company 's name starts with an `` S '' and rhymes with `` maples '' -RRB- and had trouble with getting a clean edge after pulling the cards apart . They may be slightly more expensive , but they are worth the few more cents .
 I could n't believe 1000 cards for $ 27.24 . Last purchase they were $ 47.99 ... identical product . Now I can make a better profit on my business card orders Great price , free shipping , fast delivery ... I LOVE it < :O -RRB-
 These are a little thin for a polished-looking business card , but if you just need something quick they work great . I print them on an HP CP2025 , and printing both sides does n't deform them or cause them to break apart . My only complaint is occasionally I 'll find a sheet or two that do not want to break apart cleanly , but it 's usually only five sheets or less out of 100 sheets , so I trim them with a paper-cutter .
 These are very good business cards , work with the standard 8371 template.Compared to the old version , I do n't like these quite as well because the new , fancy design -LRB- intended to give clean edges -RRB- can actually make it much easier to end up with tacky-looking tears if you bend it the wrong way -LRB- or , sometimes , the right way -RRB- . Honestly I doubt that this would bother most people as much as it bothers me , and I still will be reordering these in the future because of the large quantity and good price .
 This is a great deal on business cards ! I highly recommend that you be very careful when separating the cards . They are cheaply made and will look rough if you are not careful .
 Thank you for the quick delivery of the Avery business card . We are a non for profit housing homelss and transitional veterans . These cards help us get the word out about our self funded program . thanks
 1 . Compucessory Products - LCD Monitor Arm Clamp ... ~ $ 18 , max 22 '' LCD , move up/down , swivel , and tilt .2 . Inland Pro LCD Monitor Arm 200 ... ~ $ 29 , max 20 '' LCD , move up/down , swivel , tilt , and rotate .3.3 Way Adjustable Tilting Desk Mount Bracket ... ~ $ 31 , max 25 '' LCD , move up/down & front/back , swivel , and tilt.4.Mount-It ! Articulating Dual Arm Computer Monitor Desk Mount ... ~ $ 55 , max 27 '' LCD , move up/down & front/back , swivel , tilt , rotate , and mount 2 LCDs . * If your video card driver supports rotate -LRB- most do -RRB- , 2 & 4 can pivot LCD to portrait for documents & Internet , or landscape for games & movies .
 The arm works well but it is the base can only be moved in increments and only adjustable by removing screws to put in different places for different positions . It is best to have 3 '' free to mount it but I have it mounted with just over 1 '' . If it accidentally hit it it may come off though .
 This monitor mount is great . Very sturdy , easy to put together . Not bad to adjust , although the base of the mount is fixed , and does n't swivel at all , it can only change it 's angle.Great product , will buy again , if needed .
 Let me just say that this is a really good mount . Solid quality and sturdy enough to hold even a 30inch monitor -LRB- although rotating it for portrait view would be a problem -RRB- . The issue was with the fact that the description for this product was less than perfect . Even after reading other reviews , I still found certain aspects of this product surprising when I received it.The base of the mount is fixed . Meaning , it wo n't pivot left and right at the base of the product . This means that if you have the mount in the back , it will always stick out forward and take up space . Alternatively , you can mount it on the side and twist the monitor . The height of the arm of the mount that control up and down is adjustable , but as many have mentioned it requires removing 4 bolts and putting them back in -LRB- As long as you do n't expect to change this part of the mount very often , it 's not a big concern -RRB- . At the top of the mount where the monitor connects is where you have the freedom of movement . You can tilt the monitor up and down freely , and move it left and right . It also rotates so that you can put your monitor from landscape to portrait mode.As long as you know what you need your mount for and how this product will move , you will be happy with the purchase . It does n't lack in construction quality which I think is more than great for a 28 dollar . I have mine installed for a 22 inch monitor with easy rotation .
 I was trying to reduce my desk clutter by purchasing this monitor arm to get my monitor off of my desk so I would have more space . Installing it was easy , but the arm is kind of heavy . You have to adjust the bolts using the included allen wrench if you want to change the vertical position of your monitor , but the default position was fine for me . It does n't have a full 360 degree rotation , but it works for me .
 Mine turned up in black as well , and had a small plastic shell over the fixed lower mount instead of the clever looking pivot on the display . Even so , cheap for what you get . I suspended a 24 '' Sony Vaio all-in-one , no problems . I 'd estimate the Vaio is about 25 pounds , far heavier than a 24 '' LCD monitor would be .
 As long as you know what you are buying up front , this arm works fine . Keep in mind that the up and down settings are locked in and can not be adjusted without removing four bolts .
 This item has been performing according to expectations . It has been doing exactly what I have seen similar items -- COSTING LOTS MORE MONEY -- doing in other offices . This is TRULY VALUE-FOR-MONEY , PERSONIFIED.You may quote me on it that this item is a must-have for low-budget cost and high-end efficiency .
 I 'm using this arm with a 23 '' Samsung monitor.Connects easily to the desk with 2 wing boltsConnects easily to the monitor & has all the necessary adjustments . -LRB- tilt , L & R twist but hight is fixed -RRB- The hight adjustment is fixed & requires you to remove 2 boltsat the base of the arm to adjust hight.This is not a problem ... just set your hight & tighten the bolts atbase of the arm ... great value
 Arm feels sturdy and reliable . The monitor joint can be adjusted ; the monitor is easy to pitch and swivel . The arm itself is less accessible and adjusting the height takes an allen wrench . Great value for the price .
 The pitch of the arm is only thing you have to decide on and lock in place . Otherwise the arm rotates freely if a little stiffly . That works fine for me as you do n't have to readjust it each time you touch the monitor . I put up some pictures showing how I mounted it on my desk to bring the monitor closer to me . And I like that it swivels the monitor to upright which is very handy to me . It says its good for up to a 17 inch monitor but I 'm on a 19 inch LED monitor and I am pretty certain it can take an even larger monitor as long as the weight is n't too much .
 What can you expect from a $ 30 monitor arm ... great things.I will start with a negative ... if you move your monitors up and down a lot , then this would not be for you . There are two bolts that have to be removed and re-positioned to adjust the height . Although my application once the height is adjusted it does not need to be moved . I also do not know how often I would be moving the height on my own desk tops -LRB- both work and personal -RRB- . Now for the better than expected : Well built
 I ordered this to mount a 22 '' LCD monitor on our counter ` island ' near the dining room and kitchen , and for the money , is surprisingly solid and works VERY well . However , it 's bulk protrudes the monitor 4-5 '' out from the back mounting edge of the counter . Not a flaw , just a note that this is n't for shallow work areas.Only complaint about the product itself is that the first joint at the base is FIXED , meaning you select the angle of the main arm with 4 bolts -LRB- unlike what the picture shows -RRB- and it does not move after that.Movement of the other joints is smooth and solid.While this unit wo n't work for what I originally bought it for , it will work in another area . I have purchased an actual wall mount that will allow the monitor to sit nearly flush against the edge of the counter.If you have a large surface -LRB- depth -RRB- area , this is a very solid stand , being able to clamp OR screw into the backside of your mounting surface .
 OK , Read the reviews and I have got to say ... . This is a great device . It came in black not the white pictured . It is made of high quality metal . It is heavy duty . This one will last forever . Yes you do have to remove some screws to adjust it up and down ... . but it comes with an allen wrench with a cushion handle to do this . The arm moves easily and fully . It can be adjusted into an almost infinite number of positions . The price is amazing . If you need a mount to place either on your desk or a side table this is the one .
 My need is to support a 24 '' LCD monitor for use as video preview monitor -LRB- landscape -RRB- and a teleprompter -LRB- portrait -RRB- . I 'm chose this because I need to be able to easily rotate the monitor between landscape and portrait modes . The arm has a rotating joint that allows easy , no screws involved , rotation . -LRB- There 's no adjustment that I see if the joint ever comes loose . -RRB- The elevation adjustment is , as others indicate , a non-trivial job , especially if the monitor is already attached . It 's best if done by two people.I mounted the thing on a $ 20 Black and Decker work bench - sort of a sawhorse with a flat top - The arm wants a thick board , but I used an old paperback novel as to add some thickness . I took care to make sure that the center of gravity remained inboard of the legs on the floor - it could be embarrassing to have the table fall over dropping the monitor onto its face.The box says `` for 17 inch monitors '' - and it appears that the reason for that limit is that old monitors had very thick edges around the screen and the arm would not give enough height for anything larger than an old 17 '' monitor.However , modern LCD monitors have only thin edges around the screen . As I mentioned I am using an ASUS 24 '' monitor . In landscape there is no height problem and , as I 've got the arm cantilevered out over the edge of the work bench there 's no problem in portrait mode.The arm itself tends to lean a bit forward - I 've got the back of the arm mounted in the middle of the workbench and it leans enough to put the monitor about 6 '' forward of the back of the mounting point.As far as strength goes - the thing appears to be capable of holding something a lot heavier than a mere 24 '' monitor . The limiting issue will be the vertical clearance.My main concern is the apparent lack of adjustments on the joints in case they work loose - perhaps I missed them ?
 Bought this not knowing for sure if it would work where I wanted to use it . I have a 100 year old roll-top desk and wanted something that would allow me to position my 22 '' monitor at the right height while in use , but give me the flexibility of closing the desk . This stand does the trick . I mounted the stand to the back lip of the top shelf and there is enough overall length on the stand -LRB- 15 '' -RRB- to hang the monitor about 6 '' off my desk top , perfect viewing height . And when I want to close the desk , I can flip the monitor up -LRB- at the rotating head , not the base , the base has multiple adjustment points , but stays where you set it -RRB- . It is very well built and can easily handle a larger monitor than the 17 '' indicated on the box -LRB- it has a 22 lb limit -RRB- .
 Great arm for my lcd table , was happily surprised when it arrived in black -LRB- not in white which as pictured -RRB- . Really wished the arm could be adjusted and not locked -LRB- it can be unlocked by adjusting a screw at the base using the alan wrench -RRB- but all in all , happy .
 Great voice , nice looks , advanced features - I am definitely satisfied with this cordless phone . I had a VTECH before this one but I like this one more .
 I was glad to find this on Amazon ... try finding it in a regular store , good luck . It is just what I wanted ... most of the paper in the store has 9 holes in it so leaves less room to write on . definitely happy with this .
 This hard to find paper size is wonderful for small binders . I could n't find the paper anywhere else , so ordered this . It 's paper , so you ca n't get too excited about it though ...
 If you have a need for half-sheet paper this fits the bill.I use this in a Franklin Classic sized binder .
 The service from this vendor was excellent and the product arrived in record time . The paper quality is good and I would use this vendor again for this type of product .
 I think that this is the best paper in this size category that Amazon carries . If you have been browsing the available options , you may have noticed that I have reviewed three very similar products . I think that this one wins out simply because it is the highest quality paper . Now , it is not journal quality stock , but it is durable , and notably so when compared to the competing products.Now I do have some gripes with it . I wish that the line spacing were narrower than college ruled . I also wish that there was no red line for the left margin . The paper also seems overly transparent . Overall , I still feel that the paper quality is still the deciding factor .
 THIS NOTEBOOK SIZE PAPER HAS BEEN HARD TO FIND IN ALL THE LOCAL MEGA-OFFICE SUPPLY STORES . I GUESS THE NEED FOR NOTEBOOK PAPER IS GETTING LESS AND LESS DUE TO THE USE OF COMPUTERS . THE WEIGHT AND QUALITY IS GOOD . WILL ORDER AGAIN .
 This size of paper is difficult to find at local office supply stores . The paper is of good quality and `` works '' well .
 This paper is great ! I am surprised at how thick the pages are . I am using a fountain pen and it does not bleed through . Amazing ! I 'll definitely purchase more to have on hand .
 I am very pleased with the quality of this filler paper . I 've been using this size paper for my personal recipe book for many years , but recently it has been hard to find . I 'm so glad that Amazon carries this product . TOPS provided excellent service as well .
 Hey , paper is paper . How many words can you write to say that it fills your needs . Not enough for them .
 I have a fountain pen that bleeds through most regular paper . I got this to use it and it worked perfectly !
 I have this size binder and was wanting a thicker refill sheet but could not find it locally . searched Amazon and there it was - just what I was looking for . Great quality , price and delivery , Great job as usual Amazon Thanks . I would recommend this to anyone needing this size .
 I purchased this translator after much research before coming to China to study Chinese . Many other brands were out of my price-range , so I was happy to have a more moderately priced model . I was also pleased that this translator was made for an English speaker learning Chinese , since many translators are made for a Chinese speaker learning English.Overall , I am very pleased with this translator . It is easy to use , a great size to fit in a purse , comes with an English manual , has a very easy interface , and does a pretty good job at translating . One reason I was particularly interested in this dictionary was for its whole sentence translation -LRB- both from Chinese/English and from English/Chinese -RRB- . The translation is by no means perfect , but when you are trying to get a complex idea across to someone who may or may not even speak the main dialect of China , I have found it quite useful . Unfortunately though , it translates the sentence into characters and it is a little troublesome to find the pinyin.In other pros , I also appreciate the back light , the medical/business/law dictionaries -LRB- though they are not perfect -RRB- , and the pinyin input . The voice pronunciation is adequate , and after hearing the voices on other dictionaries such as the well regarded Besta brand , I believe the AM101 is as good or better.The extras in this dictionary are minimal , though it does have a rudimentary Tetris game which brought back memories of my childhood . I was also disappointed to find out that it did n't have an alarm . I have not used the MP3 function , though the voice recorder can be quite useful.Overall , I am pleased with my AM101 and would purchase it again . I think it is especially beneficial for beginner/intermediate Chinese learners and for people who want a translator while traveling to China . For a helpful video tour of this dictionary , visit the company 's website.One final note
 Nice compact unit , seems well made . Have found some words that do not translate right according to my Chinese friend . Reading through the included Chinese Idioms is very interesting . Backlight is a nice feature and the battery life is exceptional , we use it quite a bit and it still has the original batteries . Never tried the USB connectivity or audio capability.Drawbacks
 Length :
 AM101 Electronic English Chinese Translator / Dictionary - Translates English Sentence / Phrase / Words to Chinese and Vice Versa -LRB- Voice
 There may be better traslators out there but there are also alot more expensive ones . It 's a good size , comes with a case and battery last pretty long . It does what you need it to do
 I would like to update my previous review -LRB- see below -RRB- . Also would like but am unable to grant an extra star.I have been living in China for a couple of months now and use the AM101 almost daily . So on this new experience i feel i should adjust the general feeling of my previous review.What i use it for is help translating and writing text messages , ask something in writing in the shops and even have complete -LRB- shallow of course -RRB- conversations with Chinese friends . There are some really great featers on this deivce , like the quick startup time , the AAA batteries -LRB- and long battery life -RRB- , the screen and keyboard lights -LRB- not so long battery life -RRB- , the easy understanding for Chinese how to write and the simple but relatively accurate sentence translation . It does take some time to get used to how to handle the device , which words and grammar to use for explaining and how to interpret the Chinese to English translation . Therefore some basic knowledge of most used Chinese words and pinyin is maybe important for more accuracy . But once you have the feel for it , it does a very good job in daily conversations via whatever media.So , before i was looking more at the technical value and thought i could be better off . But now i am looking more practically . It is not a multilangual human brain , but for such a small and handy device it is absolutely outstanding . + + + + I think a well made , orderly device , hardware wise . But the software i find a bit clumsy . There could be a lot of improvements here to make it really worth using , because it seems not to be made for real-time usage . But it does have some pinyin and pronunciations , so maybe the best for little on the market.What i do like is that input is pinyin , what i dont is that there is no intonation -LRB- fi . rang4 -RRB- . So you have to know the characters to find a Chinese word . There is multiple character word search , and the division between basic and ` advanced ' E > C is quite useful . This is only because the ` advanced ' is so difficult to handle though . This because there is no direct pinyin -LRB- you can cursor to the characters to get the pinyin -RRB- and there are many descriptive explanations in the language of the word that you seek . Very not handy because for these description there is no pinyin so there is no way to find out what it is saying -LRB- in E > C fi , type ` and ' and there is a whole screen full of characters that make your eyes spin ... -RRB- . I think there shouldnt have to be a description at all , just a list of accurate translations is much more practical.The linking option is very handy , you can find the pinyin , get a clear pronunciation and find the detailed translation of a word or character . Too bad that from the translation there is this strange and confusing sequence of actions to do for it . Also from the translation there is no pinyin and an unclear pronunciation which makes this feature not easy to use in a conversation . And why not make a key or double click to get the C > E translation ? The basic -LRB- unfortunately only E > C -RRB- is i think the best usable because there is a clear screen appearing with just one or a few translations with pinyin and just one button for linking.I am not that interested in all the extras like the tools and information about China etc , but the pinyin pronunciation seems quite handy . Very meager without some more grammar and particles and stuff like that . And why not a easy clock/alarm screen-saver/function ? All and all , very decent and appears to be quite accurate . BBK 's service is outstanding . But i do hope for a serious upgrade .
 I brought it to help my aunt learn English -LRB- native Chinese speaker -RRB- . It achieve the objective of being a dictionary as expected , and pronounce the words reasonably well in both English and Chinese -LRB- clear enough to understand -RRB- . One good/bad thing I notice is that it have multiple ` dictionary ' -LRB- i.e. basic , full and several specialty -RRB- It appear that only the basic is the only one that can speak , and all other only display a translation . It would be better if all the meaning are merged into one dictionary.In a dictionary translation , when speaking Chinese it pronounce each word rather slowly , and highlight each word that it is speaking.The back light come in handy , especially in an indoor environment . Unfortunately , the Chinese character are in rather fine font , hence could be some what difficult to read for those that need reading glasses . -LRB- I did n't notice any option to turn the font to be bold yet ... -RRB- I have not really try the whole sentence translation feature.I have not try the MP3 or data storage function .
 For the price you ca n't go wrong . Works very well . I will be going to China soon , it will be going with me .
 this translator is good enough to communicate . It is not perfect , but you can get the idea through . Writing the chinese characters is a bit complicated .
 I would like to be able to see the inside of the file pocket , you dont know how it works ...
 Great for color ordinating out balanced literacy , staff lending library to encourage materials being returne to the appropriate pla e for the next person .
 I bought this stopwatch for my daughter because she loves to run . We do races at the park and the goal is always to beat your own best time . I also use it with all the kids when cleaning up the house . We try to `` beat the clock '' and get everything cleaned up in 15 minutes . My husband borrows if during soccer season to keep track of the quarters while he 's coaching . I suppose you could even use it to keep track of a time out -LRB- 1 minute per year old -RRB- . It 's durable , easy to work and easy to read ! Great value for the money ! .
 I neede a simple stop watch , not a calender and life accounting system . this works great for the barbecue and for dog agility . bought two !
 Bought this stop watch for our 8 yr old grandson who loves Ninja , pirates and spy things . He has timed his Dad walking up the stairs , how long it take his 4 yr old sister to chew and how many seconds it took Mom to come when she said I 'll be right there .
 It 's a -LRB- english/metric -RRB- ruler . The one I got was yellow . It made a great `` filler '' item for recent order -LRB- to get free shipping -RRB- . Very handy . It 's a little longer than MY foot , but somewhere , sometime , this thing was the size of someone 's foot .
 For a compact sketching kit , a short lead holder -LRB- around 4 '' long -RRB- can be the ideal tool coupled with a small Moleskine sketchbook or a Hand Book Artist Journal -LRB- especially the 3 '' 5 '' format -RRB- . The Lamy Scribble with a 3.15 mm 4B graphite lead is an elegant and easy-to-hold choice with substantial heft for its size . It also comes in a deluxe version with palladium fittings , and both can usually be found through online retailers in the USA . Its refills come packaged in silver cardboard sleeves with three 25/16 '' leads each . The Scribble travels well inside a pocket clipped to the cover of a small Moleskine sketchbook .
 The Lamy Scribble 3.15 -LRB- black -RRB- was purchased recently and is at the moment the only sketch pencils I own and use.It is an affordable and purely simple tool . An unostentatious , ` bling-less ' pencil.It is an architect 's -LRB- and designer 's -RRB- ` must have ' sketch pencil . The model I ordered -LRB- black -RRB- has a graphite black finish with Stainless steel jaws which hold the lead tightly at the end.The pencil balances well in your hand and is almost a perfect size , shape , texture , It is easy to hold in many ways , ex
 For years I 've been using the cheap plastic pencils my employers supplied ; experiencing snapped lead , erasers that split ... that vestigial plastic clip I could n't resist playing with and inevitably broke off.After deciding to get serious and buy an actual sketch pencil I researched a number of brands , and the Lamy came up as one of the most affordable quality options on the market . I was immediately impressed with the feel of this pencil in my hand , as it is not too heavy or too light , but quite the Goldilocks of pencils . As one of the other reviewers notes , the balance is excellent . Like its weaker plastic brethren , the clip is fun to flick -- but composed of solid black metal that matches the case body ; it is also removable by unscrewing the top.The Scribble is a very durable pencil , and I 'm able to use the 3.15 lead weight virtually the entire day for all my pencil sketching needs . This is a low-profile , very professional feeling pencil that is so nice to hold you do n't want to put it down .
 TOPS law ruled pads are very high quality and for those using fountain pens , the ink will not bleed through . Ruled on one side , the paper makes a smooth writing surface .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 I am very impressed with this chair . I had back surgery and have had problems with office chairs in the past as I can not get comfortable . This chair is perfect !!!
 This is a great product and is hands down the best little label printer for the price . Since purchasing I have labeled every file in my home office , wires on my home theater , and reorganized my garage . The next project is going to be labeling all those little reminders and quirks on my boat . These labels hold up great in all weather conditions . With 2 free tapes included with this model , you basically are receiving a free machine at this price .
 Label makers have come a long way since the days of the little squeeze grip do dads back in my teen years . This little machine works great ! The cutter actually works , and the variety of font sizes makes it easy to label things large and small . The laminated tape looks sharp and professional once printed , and there is a clever little tool included to make separating the paper backing from the tape much easier which works well . The tape is easy to load , and while I was disappointed at first that the AC adaptor was ` optional ' and I had to get batteries for it , I 've gotten used to being able to easily cart the item around the house without a cord restraining my label making wild hares -- I 'm not sure now that I need the adaptor.On smooth surfaces , like plastics , the tape is easy to reposition and does n't seem to lose it 's stickiness after being peeled up and re-adhered . Do n't try this on paper though ! It sticks just a little too well and will peel up part of manilla folders . The only issue I have with this thing at all is that finding refill tapes in small sizes -LRB- 1/4 inch tape -RRB- is a bit difficult . Not impossible , but you ca n't walk in and buy it off the shelf it seems . All in all , completely worth the money . I love this little machine !
 Excellent for holding a 45 gallon trash bag in the trash container . Keeps it from falling into the trash can when putting large or heavy items into the bag . Very good buy !
 I 've been buying large rubber trashcan bands the last few years but they rot and break after a year . These bands are small bungie cords - very well made . Would recommend them to anyone to keep trashbags in place . I use them on 45 gallon trashcans .
 Finally a band big enough and strong enough to keep the bags on our BIG trash cans from falling inside !! Perfect !
 This product works well for me - but then again , how hard can it be - it is a bag holder for goodness sakes .
 Wow , these were delivered 2 days after I ordered them !!! They are perfect for securing large items . Great item at reasonable cost and no shipping charges !!!!
 I 've made a few gardening containers in the Earthbox style using 18 gal . containers which I cover with a contractors trashbag . First I tried to use a ` ring ' cut from the original top of the container and , honestly , they just never held . I used one of these this year -LRB- I have two more to make -RRB- and so far it 's worked * perfectly * for that . I 'd recommend this to anyone for my particular use .
 I have the pull-out trash cans built into the kitchen cabinets . I could n't stand how the trash bags would fall away from the edges of the trashcan and then the drippy gooey stuff would get either all over the can , or worse into the cabinet . My first attempt to solve this was `` can bands '' which look like gigantic rubber bands . They worked , but they sometimes did n't hold up very well . This is better . It looks like one of those elastic covered ponytail holders - on steroids , but it works great . It holds my kitchen trash bag in place no matter how much stuff is in the bag or how hard my hubby pushes it down to try and compact it . And because it 's not exposed rubber , when you want to take the bag out , it easily glides out . A simple thing that makes kitchen life easier and less messy !
 The product works great - just as expected.I ordered 4 loops . The company ran short , and only was able to send 3 . They shipped the 3 immediately , and they arrived a few days later - much earlier than expected . The company also immediately refunded me for the one item they were short , sent me an e-mail receipt for the refund , and included an apology note and another printed refund receipt with my shipment . That 's class and customer service . I 'd definitely use them again .
 I bought some really wonderful blue bands to hold my trash can liner in place and all have vanished . When I have a party , people think they are being polite by emptying my trash , but consistently they have thrown away my big blue rubber band thingy that I ca n't find anywhere . These bands work just fine after you tie a knot in them . If you have O.C.D. 's , it would probably bother you to know there is a knot and it is n't perfect . If anyone knows if they come in a smaller size , please let me know because then it gets 5 stars . Good news is , the price is perfect and shipping not outrageous . In fact , I think I DID find my replacement blue bands but the shipping was ridiculous with the price already high on the item , so THESE are the ones for me .
 works great keeping the pesky trash can liner on the can when it wants to slide off and in the can .
 These band it loops make keeping my outside garbage and recycle cans clean . Sure beats taking out the hose to clean them .
 Would recommend this product to anyone who likes the trash bag to stay in place until it is ready to be put out for pickup , works like a charm .
 I highly recommend this item to anyone that places garbage bags in a large trash can . It keeps the bag secure and open . It has held up great in the time I have had it , but if it broke , I would not hesitate to spend the money on a replacement . Simple and very effective .
 I use this on my 33 gallon trash bin that I use for yard work . It fits great and holds the plastic trash bags in place perfectly . I hope it will last for years to come .
 No more trying to figure out how to keep my garbage bag up and over the garbage can . Yes ... it 's a simple bungee cord like band - but it is exactly what I needed and I am 100 % satisfied . It took an awfully long time to get it for such a small thing . But overall I am very satisfied with this product I bought on Amazon . I have yet to be disappointed with any of my Amazon purchases - nor have I ever had to return anything . Thank you Amazon !
 I am a college student , and I ca n't always afford the best furniture , but this is a great buy for not so much money . the wood is beautiful , it assembled in minutes -LRB- just screw on the legs and hutch -RRB- , and it is very sturdy -LRB- no particle board !!! -RRB- better than most things in it 's price range .
 This is a great piece of furniture . I bought it as a computer table for my 7 and 5 year olds . They fit it very well . It 's even comfortable for me at 5 ' 9 '' . It 's very sturdy , it does n't wobble , and it is highly attractive as well . It was a breeze to assemble . The hutch comes completely assembled as does the table top . All you are attaching are the table legs and the hutch to the table with the TWO screws included . With a whopping 10 screws for the whole desk you ca n't go wrong . VERY EASY !!! This writing table is highly recommended in my book . I LOVE IT !!!
 We just needed a small desk for my daughter to use to study . It looks nice and is reasonably sturdy . I do n't think I should stand on it , however . The finish is nice and I am satisfied with this purchase .
 I bought this for my mother when she wanted to downsize her desk . She was very pleased with it .
 Came as advertised . I have it so covered with my stuff that it is not very often used for its intended purpose .
 I love hp paper , it 's the only one that does n't jam in my canon copier . In regard to the above review ... It is for Laser Printers ... if you are waiting for the ink to dry , then you have and InkJet . So you need to buy the version for that .
 The print from HP Color Laserjet 5500 is excellent . It ca n't be used on an inkjet as someone from the reviewer . It will not dry up .
 Just plug the device in your computer 's USB port and the scanner is ready to scan barcodes . It is possible to configure it to mantain the scanner beam on always , so you can have the device fixed in your table and use both hands to scan your documents . Although I expected more about the distance from wich you can scan a barcode -LRB- sometimes less than 1 inch , depending on the barcode size -RRB- , I think it is a good product considering its price .
 This watch is great . I use it nearly everyday and it helps me maintain the pace and distance that I want to travel . I really like that after I run that the watch is used as a normal Iron Man . Other GPS are really bulky and this one is not . I would recommed this to anyone .
 These post-it pads are a great size for making lists and checking them twice . The colors are pretty and you can still clearly see blue ink on them , which is n't always true of some of the colorful post-its . They stick well . I brought some to work and have some in my home office .
 I 'm in love with Post-it notes . I have bought basically every size and type they have put out.I do n't know if it was just this batch , or this particular size and shape of Post-it note , but I want to warn consumers that these notes do not stick nearly as well as any other Post-it note.The size is excellent for specific purposes ; in my case , making lists . I prefer this notepad to the ones that are longer in width than in height . Please just be aware that they may not stick as well as what you used to .
 I love these note pads . They are great for lists and I never miss where I put them . I wish they also came with out the sticky on the back , I find it hard to deal with taking them to the store .
 The labels are what I ordered . BTW even though they are described as being for handwriting only , they have run fine in my laser printers for years . My only beef is that the seller took their sweet time getting them out of the warehouse . I suppose for a small order like mine they were n't in a hurry .
 Okay - so I write a lot , sign a lot of documents etc and I have used many different types of your basic pens up to some of the fancier ones that I just do n't understand , I mean they feel great , but I just ca n't see spending a lot of money on a pen and I fully consider $ 20 a lot of money for a pen ... that being said , if someone gave me $ 100 to spend on a pen , I 'd buy 5 of these little guys!I have the purple one and firstly the color is great . Black ink still , but the shell is a beautiful shiny purple . Mine has a clip on it , which I am not sure comes with all of them , but helps to secure it in my pocket or wallet . I am going to submit a picture showing the pen sticking slightly out of my wallet because I just find it amazing that I can fit it in my wallet and close the wallet with no problem , fits right in the crease . No more searching for a working pen or getting my hands covered in ink at an ATM trying to use one of those ... It writes great , not overly smooth , but not clumpy like some of the gel pens can be and it does n't need warming up like other ballpoints , always writes right out of my pocket , in the cold of New England this is great ... When you take the cap off and secure it on the bottom , it becomes a full length pen in your hand which is also nice as I have had these stubby pens before that do not fit in my hand when open , this does nice and secure . The little ribbing on the finger create a nice grip for your fingers as well ... Overall , great pen , love it and have more colors on my wish list !
 This has been by far , the best pen that I have owned . I was a little apprehensive about the size of the pen , I tend to lose them easily or leave them in my pockets for a round in the washing machine . I have n't lost the pen but , it did go through the wash . No clothing was ruined in the wash and the pen continued to work immediately .
 It writes well even upside-down1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 15 more words REQUIRED ?
 This is a great pen . Its reliable and looks nice . I lost the first pen I bought and bought a second one . Be careful u do n't loose it . Its smaller than an average pen .
 I ordered 2 pens as gifts . The price , including the shipping , was a great value and they arrived within week .
 I am pleased with this product . It writes well and is a good size to write with , not too thin or too fat.I like color of the pen . As the item discription states purple yet the picture appears to be a blue pen I was worried that the might not be what one might expect . The pen is a nice purple color rather than an off shade of blue . I have owned a space pen before and was very happy with the quality of the pen and the way it writes in cold conditions , upside down and such . I am sure this pen will meet my expectations in that area as well .
 Space pens always write . Need I say any more ? This pen has a feel and a professional style to it while it is purple -LRB- and a beautiful purple at that -RRB- , its still elegant . I will use it both for work and personal stuff .
 The cabinets are in very good size and appearance to fit our needs . But there is big crack on one of the doors when arriving which was not caused by delivery since packaging was not damaged . All the communications were smooth . The manufacturer sent replacement pretty fast . If they could do their QC better before shipping , we would all save time and cost .
 Instructions say it takes 20-30 minutes to put together . It was so easy , we did it in half the time . Great quality for the price and it looks great .
 This pen is nearly perfect . My main issues are these
 At dinner with some friends , I took out the pen to write something down and they asked to see it . They loved the way it writes . And one said , `` This is the anti-Mont Blanc . '' By which she meant , unadorned , quietly elegant , without the bourgeois flash and absurd price of the MB . The pen is subtly handsome . It 's durable , and it writes beautifully . The Lamy refills tend to be a little too generous with the ink flow when new , but they wo n't suddenly quit when they run out of ink . The line narrows and you realize , before you 're left dry , that you need a new one . And , if you 're inclined , you can use G2 or even Mont Blanc refills if you put a little wad of paper in between the shorter refill and pen 's ceiling . It 's designed to have a timeless look and , like all Lamy pens that I 've used , the functionality is excellent .
 I 've been using Lamy products for many years , though not previously a rollerball pen . However , it fits right into the 2000 series with which I 'm very familiar , and I 'm entirely satisfied with it . It was shipped promptly and arrived in good order .
 After seeing many reviews here and on other sites , I decided to go ahead and purchase my first Fisher Space Pen . I 've had mine for about a month now and I absolutely love it ! It is compact when closed and wo n't catch on anything when it is in my pocket-I do n't like carrying a purse . I have the brass one and it fits very well in my hand . When closed it is just a little bit longer than my middle finger . When open and with the cap on , it is almost exactly the same length as a Papermate Flexgrip with the cap off.It writes smoothly on many different surfaces and it is always ready to write . When I first got the pen , I switched out the black ink with a blue refill . They have been in my desk drawer , just laying in the tray without anything covering them . The original `` refill '' works now just like it did when I got the pen . I like the pen so much that I purchased a few others .
 This is a beautiful pen . Small , nice grip and so far I 've had no issues with the pen breaking apart while flying or traveling.I 've had this pen for over six flights , and love it !
 nice pern . i bought it for christmas for a police officer he liked it . but i could tell it was way too small for a man i wish i got a larger one for him , but other than that it works great
 Very nice writing instrument . Small size so it is unobtrusive in my pants pocket and it seems to write on anything .
 Nicely boxed for gift given , writes very well and as they claim . Have purchased more as they make nice gifts for those who have everything .
 Fisher is the ONLY ball point pen that I use . I am an author and write my manuscripts with fountain pens . HOWEVER , for any and every other use I have , Fisher is the pen that I use . There simply is no comparison with any other ball point . It does n't smudge . The refill seems to last forever . And , the pen goes together in a neat bullet shape -LRB- hence its name -RRB- that fits easily in my back pocket . If you want a clip pen , get something else . That 's not the essence of the bullet . Oh , by the way , the pen is guaranteed for life . You just ca n't go wrong with this pen . I also have several stylus sized Fisher pens that I use on my desk , for bills , etc. . They are all wonderful and , if you are interested in writing upside down or under water , something I rarely do , the pen has a pressurized cartridge . That 's one of the reason it just about never skips or blots .
 Simple , elegant style . When capped , it takes up minimal room in your pocket . When uncapped , you get the comfort of a larger standard-size pen . The brass looks natural -- not painted on and not too yellowy . Just right . : -RRB-
 EXCELLENT PRODUCTWE ARE SO HAPPY WITH ITIT IS BEAUTIFUL AND VERY WELL MADETHE QUALITY OF THIS PRODUCT IS EXCELLENT.HOPE THIS HELP .
 The big thing these pens were advertised for was that they will write at any angle . I do n't write upside down much . In fact , with the amount of time I spend on the computer , I do n't write with a pen much at all any more , at any angle . But , it will store in your purse or pocket without taking up much room or putting ink everywhere , it 's nice looking , and it writes well . I 'm very pleased .
 I bought this for a gift , and was impressed with it so much that I bought one for myself . Great price and great gift
 This box is sturdy , easy to use , and perfect for money storage . I highly recommend it to anyone who needs to manage money .
 Strong money clips , coin try lifts up automatically . Do n't waste your time going to a bunch of different stores looking for the right cash box . This is the one . The only downside is that there is no room for any Misc . storage .
 Very durable . I would have given 5 stars except that you can not carry the box unless the lock is turned on . The handle could have been made a bit better . It 's made of a thin metal , but I bought this mostly for the inside features .
 I bought this for Girl Scout cookie booths . Having enough spaces for each bill was great for keeping a neat drawer and helping the girls learn to handle money . The clips were also a big help . We did n't have any outside locations , but I wanted the clips just in case . I was careful with the bill clips and the change holders due to other reviews and I did not have any problems . With proper care I expect this to last through several more sales .
 My boyfriend is from Ecuador . I gave him this calendar for Christmas . The look on his face was nothing I had ever seen . He said it was the best gift he could have ever gotten . The pictures meant a lot to him . And the way he expressed how he felt meant a lot to me .
 I love this pen . It is reliable , and it has no click . I am a fidgety person , and when I am in class I love to click my pen . With the BIC Atlantis , there is no annoying click , so I can just click away and not bother anyone else in the class . Quite possibly the best invention since the hot shower .
 I usually prefer gel ink , but the Bic Atlantis has impressed me so much that I 'm buying a whole box of them . I have many different types of pens lying around , but my Bic Atlantis is by far the most comfortable to write with . Even though it 's ballpoint , it 's very reliable , and I find myself choosing it over my thicker gel pens . I 'm going to buy a whole box of these so that I always have one when I need it .
 I use this pen all day long filling out paperwork . It consistently writes smooth and the ink does n't stop until the pen is out . I like the retractable ability because I keep it in my shirt pocket when not in use .
 I bought a box of these pens over a year ago . Each pen has lasted a long time without running out of ink in spite of a lot of use . They write smoothly , do n't smear , and the rubber grip makes them a lot more comfortable to use than an ordinary , inexpensive pen.It is very convenient being able to get these pens through Amazon , and I plan to buy them again .
 I bought a box of these 3 or 4 years ago , just grabbing them off the shelf at a big box office store . As the years went by I got more and more impressed with them . I was used to pens having problems with getting ink flow started , but these pens always worked without any hesitation whenever I grabbed one . When our supply of these finally started getting low due to being misplaced I decided , for the first time in my life , to buy a particular brand and model of pen because I had been so pleased with them .
 This is probably the finest disposable pen I have ever used . I have been using this type of pen almost exclusively for approximately 6 years now . It started when I finished medical school and started residency . Having to write probably the equivalent of a small novella every day in patient notes , forms and paperwork , I went through all sorts of pens , of all different brands . Gel ink pens were smooth , but smeared as I had to write quickly . Other brands of ink did not write smoothly , heck even the space pen I got , while it did not smear , was not smooth and consistent , and when yuo have to write so much , it starts to be a strain . The second thing that made a difference was the rubber grip . Most pens with a rubber grip are extremely fat and hard to use for me , since my hands are sort of on the smaller and delicate side . These pens are hardly any larger than your standard pen , and hold quite nicely , which again lowers writing fatigue . I have since then used these pens almost exclusively in my medical career . Being disposable also means that while I often lose my pens , I do n't have to spend huge amounts of money on them . I liked these pens so much in fact , they are the first pens I have ever found myself keeping and using until I ran out of ink.If you are looking for an extremely comfortable writing intstrument , especially for those of you with smaller hands , along with the smoothest ink and writing other than a gel pen , but without the smearing ink of a gel pen , this is a close to perfection as you are going to get without paying an arm and a leg .
 The writing is n't quite as smooth , bold , and consistent as the classic Bic Stic , but it 's more than serviceable for a relatively inexpensive ballpoint pen , and I wanted a retractable . I like the mostly-silent button action , so I do n't have to be self conscious about it in meetings . One complaint I have is that the clip is n't particularly well-designed -- it 's difficult to smoothly slide into a pen pocket unless you use your finger to lift the clip , because the tip is n't curved outward to funnel/guide the pocket fabric underneath it .
 I bought this for a small , architecture bookstore I used to manage . It was the perfect fit for our magazines . I asked an employee to install it , and she was done in just a few minutes . The one drawback is that you ca n't fit very many magazines in each slot .
 This is by far the BEST planner you will ever buy ! I 've had mine and become so unbelievably attached to it its just plain sad ... If it was not so special to me I swear I would throw it out of my car window though ... I 've been desperately searching for refills and would be willing to spend top dollar to get them IF I COULD EVER FIND ANY ... the expense , password and website pages are fantastic but it will be absolutely useless in about a month when the monthly pages run out ... if anyone knows where to get refills please let me know .
 Sorry for my english , i 'm from Germany.This is the best pen i ever wrote with . Writting ist so easy without any scratching over the paper .
 I really like this pen . I 'm pretty picky about what I write with and these Bic Atlantis models really hit the spot . As I write on a page , the pen flows along and does n't fall into a lot of the traps that so many other models do . The pen does n't catch or wobble and always start up right away
 the grip is nice . eraser works well . good quantity for a good price so you can lose them and it does n't matter .
 Been using them for a while . One of the pencils came damaged -LRB- the tip was squished -RRB- but they are pretty great for a &#34; disposable &#34; pencil .
 Great for office and field use . Inexpensive enough to use on a construction crew . OK for stuffing stockings at Christmastime .
 When shipped by Amazon , they were missing a few pencils among arrival . Amazon quickly replaced them . Thanks Amazon!These are my favorite , go-to pencils as I sketch with these . The 0.5 lead is not too thick and does n't snap / break like some thin pencils . They come in multiple colors .
 I was unsure about buying these mechanical pencils mostly because I love mechanical pencils but they are often uncomfortable when I write for a long time . These penils are very comfortable with the grip , they write really well , and I rarely break off the tip . Overall this is an excellent quality mechanical pencil , and I would suggest buying them .
 I really like mechanical pencils , and these are particularly nice because they are so cheap that I do n't have to worry about refilling them.Just use the lead and eraser that come with the pencil and then grab a new one . One box usually lasts me about a semester of class work and notes.Grip is comfortable and the eraser works well .
 I do n't know about anyone else , but I go through more of these things than I do paper , every-time I reach for a pencil its gotten legs and left for a better life in someones else 's pocket . So I buy a dozen at a time when I see them on sale . the quality is still good in all the name brand packages . If you write a lot , they are indispensable .
 I like these pencils . The 0.5 mm pencils are nicer than the 0.7 mm ones . I have to push them harder to be able to read them . The 0.5 mm pencils are dark enough that I do not have to push to hard . I wish they were a little fatter so they would sit in hand bettet . All in all a nice pencil . I usually buy these at wal mart or meijers .
 I would ONLY use these pencils throughout high school . I would `` cap it off '' with a cap eraser so I could reuse my BIC mechanical pencil over and over again . I love the thin .5 mm lead because it is so precise . The lead is super pointy & painful if you ever happen to stab yourself by accident . Sometimes when writing it will make a squeaky annoying sound caused by the lead writing on paper . Also , they do not last very long . The lead dispenser usually gets messed up . But for the price , it 's a good purchase .
 Inexpensive lead pencils get the job done . While a few of them stopped working or got jammed , $ 6 for the whole box means that each one was only 50c . Well worth it if you ask me .
 I 'm happy with this purchase , especially when you consider the low price for so many pencils.My only minor complaint is that erased leftovers cling to the eraser bottom . I simply swipe it againstanother surface to dislodge the accumulations which then fall off the eraser . If you fail to clean the eraserthen the accumulation will mar your paper on the next erase . Recommended purchase .
 My highschooler will only use mechanical pencils . In this day and age teachers do n't usually like students to sharpen pencils during class anyway . There a variety of colors . The grips are comfortable . She has n't complained about the lead breaking like she usually does with mechanical pencils . The plastic seemed a little thin or flimsy to me but she has n't said anything about them breaking and she is hard on her supplies . She seems very satisfied with them . I would buy them again .
 Hey , they 're just pencils . Good price , comfortable grip . Gets the job done , no fuss no muss . I needed some fine point pencils for my wood shop , these fill the bill .
 It is very a good deal . Pencils are light and not fancy at all , but it works well .
 My youngest child is one of those people -LRB- like my Dad , not me -RRB- to whom math is beautiful music . This is her `` Trig '' tool of choice . Fun colors , inexpensive and comfort grip . Ca n't beat that !
 You do n't have to worried about leaving your pencils somewhere now because you are owning bunches of them . Comfortable to write .
 These pencils are a really good buy , but the pencils break really easily . You have to make sure that you 're not pressing too hard .
 What can you say about a box of pencils . Ordered 12 , got 12 . Nice colors . AHHH , They all seem to work . When I push the top of the eraser the lead come out just like it was advertised . I think we all get the point .
 What more can you say ? They work fine in my new Bic pencil and come in easy to access packaging .
 amazing ! i always go back to this one because it is so durable and i like the rubber grip . it makes writing more comfortable .
 Good pencils . I do n't know what else you could ask for , they get the job done . I would recommend these .
 These labels are great for printing out notecards . They are not much smaller than normal note cards and are very sturdy .
 This is the greatest little compact electronic organizer I have ever found to store all the information that you would need for contacts . It ` ssize is perfect for taking anywhere with you . I love it . The only drawback I have found to be annoying is trying to hold it while keying in anyinformation , but its benefits outway that problem.Angelia
 I think it is very good for the price and for what I need.It 's compact and has a very large memory for its size .
 I really think this is a valuable tool to organize your contacts . I also use it to store my screen names and passwords to internet sites . I think the manual presents real problems . It is printed on one large folded sheet of paper which makes it difficult to use . I think that the manual could be improved to help with the learning curve on using the organizer .
 Connects to PC via serial port - comes with serial cable and software . Software allows for exchange of data either way ! PC to Rolodex or Rolodex to PC . Loss of data to both PC and Rolodex is slim to none . As such you always have your full data backed up in two places that can be synchronized ! I do not carry the rolodex around with me - it is for home use only as adding data on the fly is not very easy . I usally add it on the PC which is very easy , then tranfer the added data to the rolodex . No more loss of any important data to redo at great hassle ! Price is right ! A great bang for the buck ! Phone numbers , addresses , memo 's with time & date function etc. . I like it ! It is a interesting and usefull gadget . Solves my problem with this type of data - no more losses and fulfills the basic needs . Go for it !
 The instructions were a little confusing when it discussed on how to finalize the entry . It kept stating to push the dial to finish and of course my first instinct was to push the button from the top of the button . Well after help from my daughter , you were to push the button on the side of the dial towards the input screen . It was a bit confusing , but other than that I think we will really enjoy the product .
 This organizer is easy to use and works just as described . For the price , it 's a good deal .
 I think it is so cool . I am a big fan of electronics . So I 'd like to check this one out .
 Helpful tool , easy to use , pronunciation is clear enough . Multiple purposes . I really like it .
 I always wanted to own one of this jewels . I owned the SD770 , I loved it but one day I left it in my lawyer 's office , and it got lost from there . I really missed my SD770 , until now that I bought my SCD-1870 . The only complaint I have is the LCD cover . How come they did not make a sturdy cover to protect this baby ?
 I bought it for my mom who 's technology-illiterate and even she 's using this electronic dictionary like a pro ! She does n't think she can do it , but she 's been using the dictionary for 1 month now and wo n't let it go .
 Does what it says and is kind of pricy but then again i am not a rich guy , so if you want some thing that is good , comprehensive and you have money on you its a good investment , -LRB- now i talk from a prespective of a person whoes first language is n't English -RRB-
 Great tool for second-language learners . I find the pronunciation to be reliable , with the only problem being that the generated voice is a bit too metallic or robot like . All possible words that you may want to look up while reading can be found . And one of the games offered allows you to cheat while playing Scrabble ... I definitely recommend this e-dictionary . It is unfortunate that there be no compatible version for PDAs -LRB- sure , the software exists for Palm devices , but the format is not as user-friendly , and I 've heard that the pronunciation feature -- which is indispensable to any studious foreigner who would like to know , for example , the correct way to pronounce `` Worcester '' -- is not included -RRB- .
 I reviewed a couple of electronic dictionaries online and there is no ONE perfect dictionary that would have all the features that one would want . But this one is the closest to what I have always wanted . It has a wide range of vocabulary - easily accessed . It is simple in use and fun to use too . I like it and advise it to anyone who wants to work with their vocabulary and pronunciation :-RRB- -LRB- I 'm from Europe : - -RRB-
 I am a Doctoral candidate and this little gem was a must for me . I had a speller for years and it was time to upgrade . The speaking part of this device is the best ! The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because it needs a backlight , so when I get profound epiphanys in the middle of the night I do n't have to turn on a light .
 I have had The Franklin model SCD-1870 for several years now . I 'm so grateful and happy with it I 'm compelled to say a few words about it.Two AAA batteries I put in several years ago and it still works ! And I use the dictionary pretty much every day . As others have noted both the LCD and the speech are clear . Vocabulary capacity is more than enough . It comes with a lot more than a mere dictionary , like eBooks , but I use it primarily as a dictionary.I nominate this product as the best product of the first decade of the 21st century.Monday September 8 , 2009
 This item , purchased for a gift , was deliveded in a timely manner and was as represented .
 GREAT QUICK REFERENCE FOR ANYONE HAVING TO WRITE ANY PAPER . STIP USING THE SAME WORD . OR QUICK READING DEFINITION HELPER.TEACHERS SHOULD REQUEST STUDENTS HAVE ONE OR THESE INSTEAD OF A CALCULATOR .
 I have an old speller thats just WAR out.Its been a great product all theses years . -LRB- 15 -RRB- yearsThanks Franklin.Its starting to have lines in the window and i ca n't see the words . Jim
 Ca n't say enought good things about this Electronic Dictionary . I 've been waiting for them to get it right and they succeeded ! Highly recommended . I keep it nearby while reading and use it all the time ... . this one wo n't sit in your drawer ... it 's actually useful . Has a great screen that is very close to an actual dictionary entry . Kudos , Franklin ... you did a great job on this one ! Thought it was a little expensive until I started to use it , now I think it was a bargain !
 I am extremely pleased with this product . It is extremely helpful when you 're not sure how to spell a word , and gives you many options . The speach clarity is great also . I have purchased three of these already . One for me , then my daughter wanted one , and just purchased one for my mother . We are all very pleased ! The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because my vision is impaired from multilple sclerosis , and I wish I could increase the font sizer just a bit larger . The font size is adjustable , just not quite large enough for me.This is great item for anyone . I really like typing in sentences and playing it back on speach mode . It has alot of other great features , and games to play also .
 The franklin speaking 11th collegiate dictionary is probably one of the best purchases i have ever made . This thing is amazing ! it 's small enough to fit in my jacket pocket or my backpack and it 's quick to return search results . Dont get me wrong , it may take a second or two to find the correct word , especially if you are using variables in your search -LRB- eg . Know * -RRB- I am going to break down the pros and cons for this little machine.Pros : * Inexpensive -LRB- $ 90 shipped -RRB- * fast * small size * Contains massive amount of knowledge * Speaks the actual wordsCons : * not backlight -LRB- though i never find it hard to read anything off the screen -RRB- * Battery life a little on the short side -LRB- just buy rechargeable batteries and charger -RRB- * Speaking feature not all that great -LRB- thought it does the job ! -RRB- Overall , a great buy , I just bought my girlfriend and myself one each and we both love it . I just wish i had this back in highschool .
 This is a great translator , have a lot of options and the pronunciation is so clear . The only problem , I think is speed ! It 's pretty slow specially when you use the `` Back '' bottom .
 This product is okay . It is a good product for its price . However , I have some frustrations over its functionality . Its processor is quite slow . If one types in a word incorrectly , it can take up to good 5-10 seconds searching for the best matching words . Moreover , the keypads are too stiff . It requires too much effort to depress its buttons . My fingers often get fatigued during a long stretch of reading - or maybe I am looking up too many words . Furthermore , its pronunciation function is not realiable . Despite its less than perfect pronuciation , the manufactuerer failed to provice pronunciation symbols . Thus , one must rely soley on its verbal feedback . On the positive side , it provides clear and succint definitions , portability , and durability.I have another brand of electronic dictionary by SHARP and its functionality and ease of use is phenomenal . It comes with a built-in voice recorder with an expansion SM card slot . Thus enables user to record several hours of voice recording . Furthemore , its processor is super fast and keypads are smooth . However , my Sharp does not have clear and succint of definition as Franklin and its extremely expensive -LRB- $ 375 USD -RRB- . In conclusion , Frankline is a good-buy considering its price .
 i had mix feeling about this dictionary , bad news first ... the dictionary is slow , compared to most hand held electronics today it process at the speed of a snail , almost no action you do will get an instant result , it takes about half a sec to up to 3 secs to see the result , if you dont mind the minor delay then its not a big issue ... another thing is the memory ... it can only hold 40 flash card words ... as a student i find that useless , for a electronic flash cards to even be useful i need enough space for at least 200-300 words ... and the design isnt exactly sleek either ... it looks like it got dug up by some archeologist , at the same time it 's black and white ... meaning i was expecting it to be A LOT faster/more memory due to the fact that its made from 1980 's blackish/greenish screenok the good news ... number 1 good news is there isnt a lot of english-english electronic dictionary out there ... all the fancy , sleek , massive memory , super speed , in color dictionaries are foreign ... meaning it dont come with english-english dictionary ... also its very bulky and durable ... the greenhouse effect can melt the polar ice destroying every living organism on the planet , and the Franklin SCD-1870 Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary would end up being the last recorded history of man kind ... its also VERY VERY cheap , all the color , web surfing dictionary cost around 300-500 bucks , for under 100 dollars , you get your money 's worthso the conclusion ... to the Franklin company i give you 3 and half stars ... you guys know what people want ... they just want a freaking simple dictionary...SCD-1870 is kinda like the very first nintendo system ... when everyone else is playing on a playstation 3 ... you got the right idea , and a very good start ... however if you dont want to get outsourced by the chinese ... i 'd strongly suggest making it smaller , in color , way faster ... and finally AT LEAST double the memory size ... else its just a matter of time , and you 're asking for it
 I used this in my history class in college and earned a B for the semester . Having a long list of vocabulary word to look up , you can use this neat tool . You can claim this as an educational expense on your taxes .
 The Franklin Merrian-Websters Speaking collegiate Dictionary , 11th Ediction - SCD1870 does everything it claims . I purchased it for my grandson to start 4th grade . He struggles with spelling , and I wanted to help reduce the frustration he feels when trying to look up words in a standard dictionary . He loves this device ! Although it is not a child 's dictionary , its features make it usable by even this young boy . He can type in a phonetic spelling and find the correct spelling for words he wants to use in his written work . Even though the definitions may be advanced , he can look up words in the definition instantly ! His vocabularly is growing swiftly while his frustration level is decreasing . In addition , he learns new words every time he turns the Franklin on ! He and I play the spelling games and have a lot of fun together while learning at the same time . His mother is overjoyed because my grandson can enter his weekly spelling words into the Franklin and practice on his own . Spelling is no longer overwhelming . In my professional capacity as psychotherapist and specialist consultant to families about learning disabilities , I am now recommending the Franklin as an assitive device for children at the right reading level . Thanks Franklin .
 The small size and light weight of this dictionary make it easy to carry everywhere , so it is convenient to use . I particular like the feature that allows me to learn a word every time I turn the dictionary on . There are other features , such as games that I do n't think are very useful for me . I like the pronunciation feature that helps me learn how to pronounce new words ; unfortunately , the sound is kind of hard to discern . The sound is a little not natural and smooth . This dictionary would be better if its covering is made of some metal rather than leather and has a pocket . I have to buy my own pocket to store the dictionary and backup batteries . However , overall I like this dictionary .
 This is the best instrument I have ever bought . I do n't know if I can refer to this as a dictionary , because this instrument has more capabilities than just a dictionary . It has a list of rules for grammar and punctuations , and it gives you a list of examples too . I like the buttons ; there is no way that I could accidentally slip my finger to the next button . I explored it and set the date and time , home and global . I would highly recommend this instrument -- very helpful and the games will entertain you too .
 However , the screen is poor . It has an old out-dated black text on green background . Even though you can change the font size for the dictionary , it does not change the font size for other features , such as the games . The sound feature is fair , however many words appear to be mispronounced . Lastly , the screen cover is also poorly constructed . It offers very little protected for such a costly product.Overall , I am happy with the ease of use for finding words . Just wish it were easier on the eyes .
 After researching all the electronic dictionaries I bought this one . I am so glad that I did !! What a great product ! Definitely worth purchasing . I concur with all the previous positive comments . The keys are easy to use . It is very readable . I love the games especially the flash cards to review previously inputed words . I also like the SAT word review . The price point of $ 89.99 is definitely too high for this product in this day and age , but like someone else said ... they have no competition !! My only negative comment is that for that price it should come with a PDA Protector !
 This is the best & excellent product . Every parent should give gift to their children . I give gift to my daughter . She told me that dad your gift is very helpful to me in study . She is doing biology , and in final semester for graduate .
 This dictionary is very complete and it has the option to be used as translator with additional cards . The cards for other languages like Spanish and Italian are very complete . The cards provide word gender information and examples on how the words can be used.Cons
 It 's fun to use and packed with lots of extra features e.g. contains 32 tables of information , Data bank , -LRB- 100 names , addresses & phone #s and/or you can be creative & use it as a check list or keep secret pass words or combine all three -RRB- clock with 2 time zones , caculator , 6 conversion functions , 5 learning tools , 10 word games , it could also be used to commnicate with someone if you have laryngitis , sore throat , or just came back from the dentist . Type in a sentence and let the dictionary do the talking . So what is wrong with it ? Nothing but if you want to be picky `` who '' as pronounced by this dictionary sounds like `` flu '' Only in isolation , but in a context i.e. type in & press speak icon `` he who did this deed is a good man '' It becomes unnoticeable . Anyway it 's the difficult words you want to know how to pronounce . Do you want to have loads of fun and laughs -LRB- I taught this dictionary to speak another language -RRB- just type in certain words and letter combinations that sound similiar to a particular languge e.g. `` Lin the she d beast a shine a may dell . '' translation `` Linda you are a beautiful women . '' impress all your girl friends just substitute another girls name . I really enjoy this gadget and I 'm sure you will too . P.S. do n't believe any one that says the words are too small press `` Menu '' than `` Tools '' icon than `` Type Size '' -LRB- small , medium , or large -RRB- the trade off is the number of sentence lines on the screen i.e. -LRB- 11 , 8 , or 6 -RRB- . Trivia question . How many spaces are available for a word or sentence that you want to type in ? Answer 39 . I have a non speaking Franklin language master that still works well after 12 years of use . Regarding my experience with Amazon.The only place I feel confident shopping on the net is with Amazon . Absolutely excellent customer service . Whenever I need to shop on the net my Number One choice is Amazon without any doubt . Thank you so much for all your help Amazon . Dennis my customer service rep was terrific and I wish him all the best !!! God Bless America
 This Franklin 's SCD-1870 is a good and convenient product -LRB- looks great too -RRB- . I especially like the fact that one can simply pop in an expansion card -LRB- dictionaries , references , games , and even bibles -RRB- to obtain additional functions -- without having multiple gadgets . I purchased mine , via Amazon , from xpresstech for $ 90.99 + $ 5.49 shipping.I also have the German -LRB- has the best features & tools of the 3 -RRB- , the speaking Spanish -LRB- has an annoying tiny & not expandable read screen -RRB- , and the Italian dictionary bookman cards . I first purchased the German dictionary bookman card from J&R ; , $ 19.99 with $ 5.99 shipping and handling ; I then later purchased the Italian and the -LRB- speaking -RRB- Spanish dictionary bookman cards from AimHi -LRB- of IL -RRB- , $ 19.99 each , and did n't have to pay any shipping and handling -LRB- received them on the 3rd day after placing the order . -RRB- Therefore , if you are considering additional cards , you might want to consider AimHi instead .
 I am really hoping for a touch screen dictionary with its contents as good as this dictionary.Pros.Many words , great thesaurus , word correction , multiple lines of display , easy key inputs , games , basic grammar help , voice pronunciation , voice read ... well I ca n't really name them all but you get the point.Cons.The flip cover breaks easily -LRB- you wo n't really miss it because it bugs more than it does good -RRB- . Umm ... the battery lasts too long ... wait that 's another Pro ... This product is for people of any language background trying to learn English one word everyday ... NO ! tens of words everyday and actually know how to pronounce them.And if you are thinking about buying anything cheaper than this dictionary . Know this that you will be frustrated with the following
 I 'll never forget now the day I received my electronic dictionary . It has changed my life . My mother bought me the Franklin SCD-1870 Merriam Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary and I was in awe of this handheld device which looked like a little notepad but functioned like a computer . I spent that night and the next day looking up every single word I could think of , even the ones I was familiar with . I would link myself from word to word and started building up my word list and looking up new words and studying the SAT Word List . I loved pronouncing the difficult words and the batteries that came with the dictionary lasted for 18 months before the computer told be it was on low battery , and this was after using the device nearly every single day . I love saving words in the Word List , although sometimes the list is erased if you leave the device out in an extreme temperature , so be careful and make back-ups . The games serve their purpose and I do n't have a problem reading the text . This works pretty quickly if you are typing in a word that the computer matches identically , but you have to wait a bit if you type in a word that is spelled incorrectly . The asterisk and question mark function helps out a lot though if you are not sure how a word is spelled . This is highly recommended and it is definitely one of those products that makes me wonder how I ever went without it . I need it by my side at all times now .
 The Franklin Dictionary -LRB- FD -RRB- is a great product . It is easy to use . I do not need to take account of any other pocket dictionary .
 Easy to learn , easy to use . Very readable screen ; you select the font size . Just select a word and press the `` enter '' key to see the meaning and pronunciation . If your spelling is not correct , a selection of words is provided for you to select from . If the same word can be pronunced in more that one way and with a different meaning , this talking dictionary lets you know it . Saves time and effort .
 I like everything about this product , just wish its speaking was louder .
 overall , it 's a good electronic dictionary . Except I have two complains . I do n't really like how the keys are arranged , it 's not very comfortable to type . In addition , sometimes I feel it 's a little slow to load the definition of the word . But that maybe similar in all electronic dictionaries .
 If you can press a button , you can literally , use this dictionary , it is light weight and extremely , portable.I am a perfectionist , and I carry it everywhere , it is an extremely educational tool and everyone should own one , purchase yours right NOW !!!! It is worth ten times it cost , you will not be sorry .
 i just got it after looking all over the web.this is the best one that i foynd for under $ 100 . but is still worth getting.i got it because im bad in english class because of my spelling but this realy helps . the screen is bright and easy to read . it is really really helpfull . but i wish insted of buttens to move around it would be eseier to have the poke things like on PDAs.dont get it if you are trying to learn to speck english the sound is not that good . but if your not get it , youll use it all the time . i even used it to write this. : -RRB-
 What an exceptional experience I had dealing with aaron . Would not hesitate to buy from him again !
 its very good dictionary because it has lots of futears in it . also its portable to use . I always carry in my bagpack . not very expensive .
 This electronic calculator is awesome . I recommend it . It has the flashcard option that really helps to improve my vocabulary .
 I received it this morning and I must say I was impressed with the pronounciation . I have n't bought any other electronic dictionary so I ca n't compare it to others . It looks decent , but I must say I wish there are more features like an organizer for address and phone number . Guess , I have to buy that separately . Get have them all eh ? I guess its worth buying . I will have to see .
 This product was delivered on time but apparantly we opened it only last week only and found that it had a broken piece in one corner . Is it replacable or will I get some discount ? It seems to work fine but for the damage.I would appreciate if I get an answer for the damage .
 A.Multiple option in one word when apply.B.Very Friendly to use.C.Excelent tool to improve english.d.Easy to carry up.e.Totally reliable.f.A friend proved it and five minutes later he bouhgt it
 My sister bought this for my 11 year old child . She easily figured out how to use the dictionary and most of the games . See especially love the hangman feature . Unfortunately the machine does not filter the words it uses for the games , as one of the words was -LSB- ... -RSB- . Otherwise the device works well , the enunciation is good and my daughter loves it . But beware of the unedited vocabulary for children .
 I 'm an immigrant , so I think that I use a dictionary more often than regular American people . I 'm tired of carrying a thick , heavy dictionary with me all the time , so this device really saves me from that inconvenience . I 'm so glad . This is small enough to carry everywhere.This speaking function is awesome . This is the reason I bought this device . My American wife said that most of the words sound OK . It 's great that I can check pronunciation by hearing . I think that this way makes it faster to memorize new words too.For ESL -LRB- English as a Second Language -RRB- people , how easy the word definition is , is very important . The other function I like very much is that when the definition has a word I do n't know , I can check that word also in the dictionary right away without typing that word , and I can go back to the previous definition by pushing the `` back '' button . This function is really useful . Though this device 's definitions are a little bit difficult for me , it includes a thesaurus , so I can usually guess the meaning of words by using both books . However , if you 're not using an English/English dictionary now , my advice is to use an easier paperback English/English dictionary -LRB- Ex
 I just received my Franklin 's Electronic 11th Collegiate Dictionary , and already it is indispensible to my activities . The hand-held user-friendly device is a comprehensive dictionary with voice-activated pronounciation of words and defintions ; additionally , it is a mighty useful and expansive thesaurus.Supplementary features include word games , a calculator , a grammar guide , a table of signs and symbols , a currency converter , a World Clock , a BOOKMAN book card feature , and learning tools designed to help a student study for the SAT or increase one 's spelling acumen . It displays confusables , antonymns , homophones , and pre-fixes/suffixes . Moreover , if you want to use it as a name and address database , there is a program for data storage -LRB- and secret password entry , if you desire -RRB- . The letters are arranged like a keyboard instead of alphabetically . Since the keyboard is too small to prop your hands on -LRB- like a computer -RRB- , it would be my preference to arrange them alphabetically . I reasoned , however , that the keyboard arrangement -LRB- as well as the speaker -RRB- is designed to be user-friendly for the sight-impaired . I only wish that they had designed it both ways , giving the buyer a choice.My only salient complaint is that the optional PC connectivity kit that you can purchase for $ 7.95 -LRB- includes Desktop Software , an expansion card , serial cable , AC adaptor , and pc software to allow you to download eBooks , magazines , language translators , etc. -RRB- is not Mac compatible.Regardless , I will keep this literary-friendly gadget velcroed to my personage !
 I bought this dictionary because I am an English major and with all the reading I do I needed a portable , reliable , and easy to access dictionary . My sister has one and after constantly borrowing hers I finally decided to purchase one of my own . In addition to the dictionary and thesauras I really enjoy the games . My only complaint about the dictionary is the words are not phonetically spelled out , but the voice pronunciation helps .
 I have been using the Franklin Speaking Dictionary for about three weeks now , and it has surpassed all of me expectations . It proves to be an extremely valuable resource while reading and studying . -LRB- I am a Literature student -RRB- The learn function stores about 40 words , and you are able to play word games using these words . It is extremely portable , intuitive , and it has the defintion for every word I have entered to date . Highly recomended .
 This is the first electronic dictionary I have ever owned . I have always used a bulky book dictionary and was biased in favor of the old tried by true method . I checked out several electronic dictionaries before I spent a bit more money in choosing Franklin 's SCD-1870 . I never understood the advantages of carrying a 200,000 word dictionary in your pocket . This little machine is a wonder ... the dictionary application as expected is just fine and dandy ... it 's the other functions that wow me . Thesaurus , Learning Tools , Word games , Grammar guide , Signs symbols & tables -LRB- astrology , biology , chemical elements , etc. -RRB- a clock and a calculator and your own `` word list '' a feature I use while reading a book . If I run across a word I do n't know or unsure of it is added it to my word list , which enables me to review at a later time , get the correct definition and see how it can be used in a sentence . You can also buy an attachment that allows you to hook it up to your computer and if that 's not enough , you can plug in one of the many `` Bookman '' electronic cards thus your machine metamorphoses into an entirely different product , like magic!There are way to many applications to go into here but rest assured ... if you are a word freak , enamored with the English language then Franklin 's little machine is for you . After a few hours you will wonder how you ever got along without it.A great gift for a student son or daughter or just about anyone else for that manner .
 I have had this apparatus for two weeks and i love it . i have owned 3 electronic dictionaries before , all by Franklin and this one blows them all away . First of all those that say the screen is small probably have never had a pocket sized electronic dictionary before , like i said i 've had several and this one has the biggest screen for its size that i have seen yet . For those that say the words are to small , go to the settings in `` menu '' and make the words bigger and finally for those that complain about the the buttons being to small , go buy a laptop , you can not have a compact device with big buttons , i am 6 ' tall 250lbs and my fingers do not have a problem with this device . My only problem with this device is the price . In this day in age our technology is more than sufficiently advanced to make this product at a much cheaper price -LRB- $ 99.99 + TAX -RRB- , of-course they will take advantage of the fact that nothing out there even comes close.I hope this helps.UPDATE !!! It has now been a month and a half and i still love it ; so far i have not yet typed in a word that it has not been able to find , and i use it ALOT.CYA-OOOPS , i mean SEE YOU . HEHEANOTHER UPDATE
 I got this device as a dictionary book replacement so I can take it with me everywhere . It excedeed all my expectations . The number of words is astonishing . The keys on keyboard , although small , are up to the job . It also includes the voice pronunciation for all the words . The pleasant surprise was the presense of other features , some are useful , some not . For example , it provides words synonyms , antonyms and other related words . It provides correction for misspelled words
 This is an updated review . I originally experienced some miscommunication with the manufacturer ; however , I am pleased to say that they did ultimately resolve the problem.The dictionary is great ! It is very convenient to carry around , the Speak feature helps with pronunciation of unusual words , and the e-bookman card expansion feature -LRB- to add other e-books -RRB- saves a lot of money.I did receive a defective bookman card at one point but Franklin sent me a replacement right away .
 This is a really good portable e-dictionary to own . I 've bought this for for my child to take to school instead of carrying the regular dictionary in book form . Although it 's more expensive than many other e-dictionaries out there on the market , you 'd truly get what you pay for on this gadget . It makes no sense to own an e-dictionary if it does not contain definitions of words you 've entered in it . I had a list of words used to check and compare the sophistication of many e-dictionaries . The word list consisted of advanced science words , medical words as well as advanced collegiate words . This is the only e-dictionary on the market where it returned with definitions for all but one word on the list . The majority of other e-dictionaries failed after the first or second word on my list.Furthermore , my kid 's writing teacher , a retired English teacher , had at first disapproved of using this e-dictionary and recommended buying the book . Well , my kids let her try it out while they 're working on an assignment . She came back at the end of class to say that this e-dictionary is really good . Now , how 's that for an endorsement of this product !
 Bought one for my son for Christmas in 03 when he was 18 . He still says it is the best gift I ever gave him . He uses it almost every day . Now I am buying one for my daughter for her 18th birthday since she blames every thing on the fact that I gave her brother ` words ' and she does n't have any . Ha Ha . Everyone in the family sneaks into my son 's room to borrow his ` words ' . This dictionary has our highest recommendation . Easy to use and we rarely find a word that is n't in it . The sound quality and clarity of the speech are excellent .
 I have had this dictionary over a year . I use it daily . I use such features as a dictionary , synonims and pronunciation . English is a second language for me so those features are very helpful and importamt . Also , I like the way words are explained . They are explained in simple manner . If I have a trouble still to understanding a meaning of a word I press for thesaurus . Some other time I have a trouble to understand a word in explanation , so I underline it and press a botton for clarification . In addition , I use thesaurus for selecting words when I write an essay , just replacing the same words with similar in meanings . My children find it useful and easy to use too.I love the this dictionary .
 In order to be able to find the dictionary when I needed it , I bought each of my kids a dictionary too . They were always borrowing it because of the features for your own personal vocabulary list and speaking spelling bee . We all love the convenience of not having to use a bulky dictionary when we were reading and came across an unfamiliar word . We especially love the dictionary 's ability to pronounce the words . I was particularly pleased that I was able to look up the pronunciations of different chemical compounds used in lamination processes in a graduate level chemistry book I was reading . I ca n't recommend this dictionary enough for every student . When my kids start taking foreign languages , I will buy them the module for that particular language to help them with their studies .
 After doing a lot of research , I finally decided to buy this dictionary . I was a little hesitant at first because it seemed to be a little pricy but I must say that it is worth every penny . The screen is easy to read and so far I have been able to find a definition for every word I searched . There are many games that are great for any of those `` word games '' fans -LRB- like me -RRB- and it also has an organizer and many handy learning tools . One of my favorite things to do is the spelling bee where it says a word and you have to type it correctly . I can actually spend a good amount of time on this little gadget . I am glad that I came across such a great product . If you have some spare money , do n't settle on the cheap ones with the unreadable screens and the limited amounts of words ... buy this dictionary !!!
 I agree with all of the positive feedback on the speaking dictionary , but in addition I have one wish-list item . I wish some of the definitions were broader.Example
 The collection of vocabulary and thesaurus is terrific , and includes many slangs and idioms . The voice pronunciation is a little robot-like since it is not real recording -LRB- that will require larger memory space -RRB- , but acceptable , and generally pretty good . The delay in searching for a match when the input is not accurate is 2-5 seconds , and navitage back and forth between words is 1-4 seconds . If that is long depends on who you ask . Funny enough , all four-letter words are collected but have no voice pronunciations . Maybe they do not want your co-riders think that you are speaking to them on commuter trains , or they just do not want you to learn how to say them.The flap cover is basically a joke . Within 7 days after getting it , I dropped it on wood floor , and that broken the hinge to the flap . I tried glues and none works . I think I will make a cloth bag myself sometime to hold it . I do not feel comfortable letting the gel keys and screen rubbing against my keys in my bag . It feels definitely more fragile than my $ 10 Sharp calculator , but I could be wrong.Overall , it is good , and much better than my American Heritage CD , which requires a computer and makes airplane taking off noise every so often . The latter does have real people voice pronunciation , if you care .
 Love the dictionary , particularly the ability to hear the word pronounced correctly . The anagram game database needs improvement as the game calls common words like `` eat '' and `` ate '' invalid words . A backlight would be nice to have . Overall , I 'm very happy with my electronic dictionary .
 Based on Merriam-Webster dictionary , the defintions are accurate . Portable . A good product for non-native speakers who are not tied to a computer all the time . Word games are fun.The only little shortcoming
 As a non native English speaker , this electronic dictionary helps me improve my vocabulary . I do n't need to know the exact spelling of a word to look it up in this dictionary . Even though I enter the wrong spelling the dictionary gives me a list of similarily spelled words from which I can pick up the one I am looking for . Any word search is easy and direct !
 Merriam-webster ` s collegiate electronic speaking dictionary and thesaurusI keep it handy especially when I am reading . It is so easy to use and I really like the speaking of words . The only draw back is the voice could be a little more clear . It is certainly understandable but I have to repeat the speech a couple of times . It is loaded with other functions too . Organizer , calculator , games , learning tools , grammar guide , signs , tables and symbols and a whole lot more . One of the best `` gadgets '' I have and I use it daily .
 There is a defect in my first one , but I returned it and got a new one from seller very soon . Although there is another little defect happened again in the display screen , but it is acceptable.The spelling bee and hangman in the learning games are fun . Kids and I are learning from it a lot . Most of all , it can talk . Help us a lot .
 My husband just got into book reading last year and was n't familiar with lots of words so I bought this for him for Christmas . It 's great and was a good price . He loves it .
 Purchased as a gift for my husband . It 's exactly what he wanted . He is very pleased with all the functions . Delivery was timely and arrived as specified . Very satisfied .
 We purchased this as a gift and when we saw it , we ordered one for ourselves .
 Excellent product . Lives up to everything good that is said about it . The price was right and it was delivered promptly . Although the shipping package was not in good shape when it arrived , the manufacturer 's clam shell packaging protected the dictionary against any damage . I had tried to find it in local stores such as Target and Circuit City where supposedly they said that it was available , however I only found it for purchase on the internet . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 This electric dictionary has all its applications focusing on words , even the games . It can explain and pronounce a word which presents in any explanatory notes.I really like it .
 This is a great little gadget . I use it almost every day and sometimes several times a day . It is especially handy to keep next to my favorite reading chair to look up unusual words as I read . It is also great to get the correct pronunciation for those tricky words that you do n't use often . Both my husband and I love it . Easy to use , too .
 I was surprised not to find some deffinitions ! A little hard to see at times . Would have been better to have it back lit . All in all it 's not bad!You can add books which is why I bought it !
 My mom bought this online , cuz my old outdated electornic dictionary was MADD old ... 1997 ? heh , maybe 1998 or 1999 , all i know is that it was when i was in 2nd grade ... moving on ... This is the BEST electronic dictionary EVER.Pros : - Easy to read.-Easy to type your words.-Much better on your fingers than a horizontal one . -LRB- haha , i had to look it up in that dictionary to figure out if it was horizontal or vertical -RRB- - Nice features.-Large database of words ... dang ... 200,000 !!!! - organizer is a charm-easy to use interface-just plain simple , whatever , its just PERFECT-great for the studentcons : - sometimes hard to understand the voicethats about itbuy it , its the best over everything.BEST EVERR
 This is a great product with clear , easy definitions.Quality Points :1 -RRB- You can highlight a word within a definition and it will look it up .2 -RRB- You can save words within a word list so you can go back and review it .3 -RRB- I was never a fan of games in products like these but they are amusing once and awhile.Drawbacks :1 -RRB- The back-lighting . You cant use this dictionary in the dark .2 -RRB- The cover is flimsy and useless . It will break regardless of how careful you are .3 -RRB- This is a concise dictionary . So you will be missing some stuff within a definition but the average user can care less .4 -RRB- The processor is slow . This is very noticable when you misspell a word .5 -RRB- The speaking part is decent but you shouldnt depend on it too much .6 -RRB- The keys tactile feeback is good but too hard to push . It woul have been better if they werent covered with a rubber coat .7 -RRB- The word list on my dictionary will sometimes clear itself for no reason . I am sure if this is just mine or a defect in the product.There are a lot of complaints but this is the best dictionary you can get out there . Most of the complaints is livable except for the slow processor and # 7 .
 Very useful dictionary with detailed meanings and funy word-games .
 The Franklin SCD-1870 Collegiate reference product is a great resource , and the suite of features are comprehensive . -LRB- ... -RRB- is a great value for such an excellent tool .
 I absolutely love this product and highly recommend it for children to enhance their English language skills . If only we could have slightly bigger buttons on the keypad , especially when there is space available on the front , It would have been great . Nonetheless great learning tool . !!
 I paid about $ 80 for this -- and do n't regret it because I 'm planning on using it throughout my college years . It 's handy if you want to expand your vocabulary , but do n't want to waste precious time pouring over a large dictionary.The small slanted keys -- the main thing that is n't quite appealing to me . I have slender fingers , and can imagine how annoying they may be for males . It is just not pleasant to the touch!Otherwise , I would recommend it , although the price is a bit steep . But if you take care of it , perhaps you 'll think its a worthy investment .
 I 've relied on Webster 's 5 pounder for many years , and it never spoke a word ! It 's now on a high shelf out of reach and will remain there . Byron Core
 My daughter 's Communications II teacher recommended that the kids invest in a electronic dictionary . After much research we decided to invest in the Franklin Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary.We were really concerned with the price but decided to go for it . My daughter is in 8th grade and is presently taking two high school classes . She has told my a couple times how much of a life saver this dictionary has been for her . She really does n't even need me to review spelling words because you can enter in the words and it will repeat the word and you type in the correct spelling . It has a multitide of scientific informational facts also hat she is totally impressed with daily . It 's well worth it if you look at the fact it is definatly a good educational tool
 I was apprehensive at first about ordering this product . I was n't sure it would have all the words I wanted to look up . I have yet to find one not included . Works great .
 I just bought the Franklin SCD-1870 with the Collegiate Dictionary . I used to love computer gizom 's but have basically gone retro-tech because of disappointment with failed promises . The SCD-1870 is a revelation ! It is easy to use , intuitive and is a great dictionary . If you love words and want to have 200,000 of them in your pocket this product is for you . Now I can have a dictionary anywhere . It also contains other great information interesting and useful to those interested in grammer and style . I 'm very pleased . As another reviewer said , this is a $ 100 product that gives $ 400 worth of value . Now all I want is a Latin/English card to slip into the back of my Franklin and I will be truely happy .
 I used to do most of my writing in coffee shops and I would have to lug around a dictionary and thesaurus . All I do now is to pack my Franklin -LRB- ONLY get the 99 $ version -RRB- . It has the COMPLETE text of the eleventh edition of Merriam-Webster , a thesaurus , games , helps , flash cards , etc. . The only cons are
 The American Heritage Dictionary , 111/4 '' X 81/4 '' X 21/2 '' , weighing 8 pounds , is available now in a hand held jewell that you can carry in your shirt pocket . It speaks the word and pronounces it perfectly . It is the best vocabulary builder . My only complaint is that it does not have esp .
 POSITIVE1 . The dictionary is adequate for my needs , and it functioned well.NEGATIVE2 . The Cover is very flimsy ! It broke off , and fixing it myself was impossible . This particular design part needs improvement.AN ADDITIONAL IMPROVEMENT ... 3 . If , even at the cost of extra weight , IT WOULD BE VERY NICE TO HAVE THE ABILITY TO LIGHT THE SCREEN .
 I 'm a terrible speller , and I 've bought several different spell checkers . This is best one out there . It not only shows you how to spell the word , but it also shows you the meanings , synonyms , and confusables -LRB- words that sound the same , e.g. our/are/hour -RRB- . And if you wish , it even pronounces the word for you . So do n't buy a cheaper version . Buy the best , and this is it .
 If you are thinking of getting one.Just do it !! You will love it and it comes with a coupon to get the accesory package for all you need and you can use book cards and I believe you get one with that coupon package deal you send for and I have not got my package but I am very excited at the e-book feature . I have always wanted something portable to read those e-books with . Now I will say I just purchased the reccommended folding case because even though it has the leather cover that as you can see from the picture I would feel better having it in some thing to carry it inside my purse and my palm pilot case is a bit tight for it . You will love the great features and the learn feature as others have noted is a fabulous way to build your vocabulary and I can only say I do not think you will be disappointed , more likely you will be very pleased . It is great.I paid an unbelieveable ridiculous price for one of those scanner pens and it never worked and sounded like a defective robot . This sound has fabulous speech and you can understand it perfectly . Do not hesitate for the price it is 100 % better than that over $ 500.00 pen . I can not say enough about how happy this one has made me . It is great !!! Get It !! Have Fun ! Josie Ryder
 Very good display . Excellent audio . About the right size to carry on a trip . I also bought a Bible cartridge so that I can do my daily bible study when I go traveling . It would be nice if it came with a traveling case to protect it .
 good ... . Children liked it ... and useful I bought 5 for my brother , sisters and friends kids .
 This is the lightest and easiest way to improve your English , special those that already have advance skills .
 Excellent tool . I use this dictionary every day and am very pleased with it . It also helps me with getting rid of my accent .
 I bought this for a dual purpose
 i could not do without this . bought it for my daughter a couple years ago and she did n't want it so i used it . keep it with my book , use it for boggle , scrabble , etc. my daughter saw it this year and took it ... i had to buy another with the bookmarks so i could keep mine !
 I have enjoyed this product , yet there are some words I cant ' find in the dictionary . Also , the speaker sound could be a bit louder . The words define are clear and great .
 It is fun and very useful with a great collection of words . The only weakness is that it does not speak names of places or persons.I am adding this after using the dictionary for three months . The screen is now not working properly . I threw away the package and the recipt so I can not return it .
 First of all , let me warn you . There are at least two models of Franklin-Merriam Webster 's Dictionary . The cheap one -LRB- list price $ 59.99 -RRB- is worth less than $ 20 . The expensive one -LRB- list price $ 99.99 -RRB- is worth $ 300 or more.The cheap model is a VERY bad deal for two reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The display is very difficult to read -LRB- even configured with large type size -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It is lacking in vocabulary . What is the point of carrying along a dictionary that ignores the meaning of 100,000 words?The expensive model is a wonderful deal for several reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The display is excellent even in the small print size . I spend hours playing games and my eyes do n't get strained . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It has twice the vocabulary of the cheaper model -LRB- 200,000 words -RRB- and it pronounces the words . -LRB- 3 -RRB- It has several powerful dictionary and thesaurus tools and a cornucopia of extra features laid out in a very friendly interface . -LRB- 4 -RRB- It has several Learning Tools , including the SAT word list , flashcards , speaking spelling bee and a grammar guide . -LRB- 5 -RRB- You can add words to the dictionary if you want to . It also accepts book cards . -LRB- 6 -RRB- After looking up a word in the dictionary , you can add it to your personal list and review it as a flash card . What a great idea ! -LRB- 7 -RRB- It has 12 educational vocabulary games that are a lot of fun . Each game has five levels
 1 . Very good LCD .2 . Beautiful keys layouts .3 . Mispelled words are corrected . No need to type the word correctly . This is the best feature I like , because it saves me time and energy . As long as it spelled as it is pronounced , the computer will give you choice of words .4 . Looking for sets of words , just press * plus the starting or ending of the word and you will get list of them . -LRB- example
 When you need to use a dictionary it 's usually because the word you want to look up is unusual or obscure . Most electronic dictionaries contain 100,000 or so of the most commonly used words , which is almost useless . It must contain the uncommon words to be worth anything . This model is the best , and worth the higher cost . It contains words that are n't even in my large hard-bound dictionary .
 I have the Franklin Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary and the PW-E550 Sharp . I 've been reading Song of Roland and have been looking up words in both to see how they compare.Hands down . If you plan to use the dictionary for literature written in older English , you want the Franklin ; I 've searched for many words over the last week , and the Franklin rarely fails me , but the Sharp frequently does not have what I need . Also , I find that words I do not know how to spell can be located more easily on my Franklin.I love the way the Sharp is packaged -- closes up in a nice little box , nice big keys to push , large print on the screen , pronunciation guide included , but no spoken component . None of that makes it worth buying if it fails to have the words I need.Unfortunately , the Franklin has small keys and a floppy cover . I like the electronic speaking voice , but I 'd prefer it include the written pronunciation as well as the spoken . The use of the Franklin , however , is intuitive , where I 've had to do more reading of the owner 's manual for the Sharp.I plan to buy each of my children his own dictionary ; although I like the Sharp 's package better , I will be buying them all Franklins . -- Homeschooling mom
 Overall
 Let me start off by saying that I have owned both the Franklin SCD-1870 and the MWD-1450 . After using the 1450 for about a week , I returned it to the store where I purchased it.I will present this review as a comparison between the Franklin SCD-1870 and the MWD-1450 . Content : The winner is the 1870 . You know that the 1870 has a larger database by the specifications , but it really becomes apparent when you use the device . With the 1450 , many words are available for lookup , but it only tells you the part of speech . To find the definition , you have to access the thesaurus for a brief definition with synonyms . So far , the 1870 has contained every definition that I have asked from it , with the exception of some modified words . For example , if you search for ` ardently , ' it will only return that it is an adverb . If you want the definition , you have to enter the root , or ` ardent . ` Others have mentioned the 1450 's lack of phonetic spellings , which I did find to be a disappointment . The 1870 also lacks the printed phonetics , but makes up for it with the speaking ability . On the topic of speaking , the 1870 does pretty well . It is a little quite , but I think that is a good thing . I do n't have to worry about accidentally speaking a word too loudly in the office . The synthesized voice is a little hard to follow while reading the definitions due to an unnatural flow . Some words are spoken with no space between them , while others leave a second between words.The 1870 has a lot more to offer past the dictionary and thesaurus capabilities , most of which I do n't have much use for . It has a menu for `` Signs , Symbols and Tables '' that lists lots of ... well , signs , symbols and tables . The content varies from the astronomical symbols used to label the planets on a sky chart , to the start-dates of the Jewish calendar , to the books of the Bible , to the elements of the Periodic Table . Could be useful to some , but I do n't find myself needing to access that information very much.Both have some word games , with the 1870 having at least twice as many as the 1450 . They both use cheesy graphics for transitions -LRB- winning or losing a game -RRB- that you can easily turn off . Due to the poor screen of the 1450 -LRB- see below -RRB- I did not spend much time on the games . The 1870 's games are entertaining . One feature that I miss from the 1450 is a `` Word Learning '' option . It was sort-of like a `` word of the day , '' except it would give you a new word every time you powered up -LRB- I guess you could call it `` word of the session '' -RRB- . I will not comment on the organizer capabilities of each device because it is something that I personally have no use for . I can imagine , however , that this feature would have been helpful while I was a high school student -LRB- 10 years ago ! -RRB- . Screen : With the number of electronic devices incorporating LCD 's today , the quality to cost ratio is usually extremely high . Not so , however , with the 1450 . The screen is MISERABLE . Aside from the inconvenient screen size , the quality simply sucks . You have to have absolutely perfect lighting to read the screen with ease ; lighting that I do not have in my office or next to my bed at home . It was my sole reason for returning the 1450 . The 1870 on the other hand , has a screen that is clear , legible , and a pleasure to read , and is much larger and more efficient at providing information - that 's what I expect.Ergonomics : I initially preferred the horizontal layout of the 1450 , but have grown to favor the vertical design of the 1870 . The vertical arrangement makes it natural to hold in one had while navigating the system . The 1450 's keyboard is easier to use since the buttons are larger and spaced further apart . However , the buttons seem like the printing will wear off very quickly . On the 1870 , the buttons manageable.Construction : Here , I would have to favor the 1450 for its cover . It is hard and opens and snaps shut with ease . I would have no worries dropping it into my pocket and forgetting that it was there . The 1870 has a semi-soft cover that just flips around from the front to the back . It is convenient , but it does n't protect the screen and buttons as well and the attachment feature seems rather flimsy.The 1450 tries to be high-tech with ` touch-screen technology . ' It is a waste . You can clearly see the wiring lines on the screen that make it function , and you end up with lots of fingerprints and smudges at the bottom of the already crowded screen . The 1870 uses much more robust dedicated buttons below the screen to access the menu items.For use on a desk , I prefer the 1870 . The 1450 was nice ... until you start typing . While pressing the letters to the outside , the unit rocks side-to-side , which gets annoying . The 1870 can lay nice and flat , and can easily be propped up for easy viewing as seen in all of the advertising photos . In this position , it is not practical to enter or scroll through information.Recommendation : Both units provide sufficient value to the user . The MWD-1450 would be more suited for a younger user , perhaps elementary students up to high school . The hard cover makes it that much more rugged and able to withstand the abuse of a backpack . Also , children are less demanding on quality and ease of use and are less likely to complain about the poor screen . From high school on up , the SCD-1870 is the definite winner . It has a far greater ease of use , many more functions , and a larger content that is demanded at a higher level.Overall , the 1450 is OK and the 1870 is GREAT . Enjoy !
 I am very satisfied with my dictionary . It has been very useful , not just for definitions , thesaurus , and grammar , but also for pronunciations . Of course , it has a robotic sounding voice , but at least it gives me an idea of how the words are supposed to be pronounced . With a regular book dictionary , I would often have to look up a familiar word in order to exactly find out how another is pronounced . It is also far better than having to carry a heavy book dictionary around the house.The keyboard part of the dictionary is fine . It does have little buttons , but I would not want the dictionary to be any bigger in order to accomodate large buttons . The screen is also fine . It is made to be portable . The screen and the keys are made well for the size . I suppose if a person does not like the small keys and the small screen , it is just as well to have a laptop.The other thing that I like about this dictionary is that if a word is misspelled , it gives options . As far as being slow , I 've not had this problem since I have been accustomed to the old books where flipping pages , and going through the alphabet while looking for the word , is the norm , and takes just as long if not longer.I 've had this little gadget for several months now , and I 've been very happy with it . I just hope it will last for years and years just like the dictionary of the olden days .
 I found myself fumbling for the dictionary every time I came across a word that I was not sure of the meaning or usage . I am embarrassed to say that it happened more that I thought it would . I also found myself looking up words I THOUGHT I knew only to find they had slightly different meaning than I thought.From my perspective there are only three major negatives1 . the speech portion is not a clear as one would like and more in line with the tone of a very , very early computer generated voice -LRB- think of the voice from the movie War Games -RRB- 2 . While there is some odd sort of way to connect this to your computer it requires mailing in some form and getting an odd non-standard dongle . While this may not be a big deal for some it would be nice to download an update from time to time3 . The personal word list is great but way , way to limited at approx . 25 entriesIf you can get past those items , it 's a great device .
 I agree with almost everything that the good reviews have said . However , I think it should be mentioned that in order to do the really cool stuff with this unit , -LRB- download e-books -RRB- , you need to have the connectivity kit -- and this unit does not come with one . Therefore I recommend buying the Franklin Electronics SCG-1870 Ultimate Portable Reference Suite Speaking Dictionary which is basically this unit , plus connectivity kit INSTEAD of Franklin Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary .
 Put simply , this electronic dictionary has significantly more words than any other electronic dictionary on the market . Probably too fancy for students below the high school level , and comprehensive enough for grad students . The word games are probably too elementary for younger than high school students , but the feature that allows you to save a list of words is useful for everyone -- I save new words every day and then go through my list every couple weeks -- that 's how you build your vocabulary!I recommend combining this with one of the many compatible Bookman cards that snaps into the back , especially the Columbia Concise Encyclopedia , 4th Edition .
 This is a wonderful product and I 'm having so much fun and learning so much with this product - I love it that it pronounces words for me !! And I like the part where I can store the words that I am working on to learn the meanings of and the pronounciations !
 Every thing is good but the speaker sound is not clear it needs improvement , specially for people english as a 2nd languge it is not easy to understand the pronouncations .
 This is a nice unit for portability , the voice is fairly clear . The key board is too small and prone to entry error if not careful to not push multiple keys . A better choice is the Franklin LM6000b if size is not a consideration . I use the word `` bloviate '' as a cornerstone to evaluate spell checkers , this unit passes the `` bloviate '' test . The LM6000b fails this test . Another word I use to check out the range of these `` spellers '' is `` crap '' . This unit passes , the LM6000b fails . This is the most powerful spellchecker that I have encountered so far , I would not hesitate to buy the Franklin Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary.UPDATE
 I 'll admit that there is some fault in that there is no pronunciation key , and that the speaking function is n't perfect , but the goods greatly outweigh the bads.the screen is large and is easily read . For those unable to read it , they should make the text bigger , as that will make it easier . It 's invaluable in that it saves me loads of time when I need to search a word while reading a book.I think the best function of all is that it allows you to create lists of words , and then play games to memorize them.I have to learn many words for my Literature class and this function is very useful when I 'm sitting on a toilet , or on a long ride .
 The Merriam Webster SCD-1870 is a great portable dictionary for many reasons :1 -RRB- It is quick and easy to use .2 -RRB- Its games are great pastimes and are very educational .3 -RRB- Its LCD screen is visible and easy to read .4 -RRB- Its buttons are big , but slightly hard to press .5 -RRB- Its dictionary and thesaurus are very informable and not skimpy on information .6 -RRB- The Columbia Concise Encyclopedia is a very useful feature . Buy it as an accessory!Final remark
 As a full time college student , I could not live without this wonderful dictionary . It is complete with over 400 definitions , their origins , and a thesaurus -LRB- 500,00 synonyms and antonyms , and if you are not sure of the pronunciation , it speaks it for you . I not only take it to school but use it on the computer because it is quicker than looking up words without having to minimize what I am working on , and I also use it for all the books I read . It is slim and sleek - 31/2 '' x 4 '' x 1/2 '' and weighs less than a pound . It also has other features including word games , SAT word list , and a long list of signs , symbols and tables .
 It 's an handly dictionary , and help a lot when English is not your first language . Since , you can hear how to pronounce the word .
 Excellent product ! I have used this dictionary for almost five years now . It is easy to use , informative , and has withstood being dropped countless times . It has very good learning tools to help you expand your vocabulary . The `` speak '' tool has helped me fix words I had mispronounced my whole life . I love it ... worth the money .
 This is the best . There are no significant areas of weakness in the design . I have only had it a couple of weeks and like it . Recommended .
 Love not not having to go to dictionary every time I need meaning/pronunciation . Pronunciations best feature . Could be better audio and larger text to make this unit excellent . Have recommended to friends and relatives .
 I am very happy with the Franklin SCD-1870 Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary . The audio is very clear and so far every word I 've looked up has been available . The definitions are extensive . I recommend this as a excellent tool . I have n't had time to explore the games , but my 26 year old daughter -LRB- an english major -RRB- has and she has enjoyed it .
 I actually did quite some research before buying this dictionary . This was a gift to my sister in India . I was careful of the fact that I will have no chance of exchanging or returning this product as I will send this to India . Anyway my sister is very happy with this dictionary and particularly this model . She already owns the cheaper one and is not satisfied with it.So if anyone wants to buy this try to get this particular model .
 Features are very good overall , except that it is a little bit slow .
 Does what it claims.Voice is clear , easy to use and found all words i looked for in it so far . . Good investment . I am very happy with this . Thanks to Franklin and Amazon .
 Anyone who has to live with the baroque monstrocities bestowed bytoday 's `` advanced '' technologies would appreciate something sorefreshingly elegant.The pronounciation is not perfect for every word . Anda minor glitch for me is the limitation of 40 entries for theword list as I run out of space every 3-4 days .
 Everything is great except that the color is kind of man 's color , a little dark grey . but it is of great help that I keep it with me all the time as a college student.I recommend it .
 This is the best graphing calculator you can buy for under $ 100 , period . I teach mathematics , and have used everything you can imagine , from TI to HP to Sharp and Canon , and this is the fastest sub - $ 100 graphing calc out there , nearly twice as fast to draw functions as the TI 84 , which runs at least $ 20 more -LRB- $ 35 more at educational prices -RRB- . It is also faster than my first generation TI89 , and unlike the TI89 , is legal to be used for ACT and SAT tests.The menu navigation takes a few minutes to learn , but then it is easy , and much faster to do most things , compared to the TI and other calcs . For instance , it takes four button presses to find the zeroes of a quadratic , rather than the nine -LRB- or more -RRB- it takes on a TI.The USB port means you can use it to write to a computer screen with the downloadable software , as well as use the computer to write to the calc ; -LRB- you must supply the USB cable -RRB- , and you can also hook to other Casios with the included non-USB wire.The manual is online , or in a CD included with the calculators I bought . -LRB- is that still true ? -RRB- The screen is n't the best around , but is plenty good enough for my 45 year old eyes.If you want a calc that will get you through anything from Algebra to Calculus and beyond , this is the one .
 Since the comparison with the leading brand ca n't be avoided , I will begin with it.I found the CASIO fx-9860G to be comparable in features with the TI-83 / 84 series for about half the price . CASIO 's menu-driven interface makes it easier to learn . However , the TI calculators have the advantage of being the de facto standard in most schools/colleges . After playing trying out a borrowed TI-83 , kids demanded that their graphing calculator be a CASIO . In fairness , their decision might have been biased by their already using CASIO scientific calculators.BRIEF OVERVIEWThe fx-9860G features a relatively large 7 `` x3 .5 '' body that allows for a decent 3 `` x2 '' display - 21 characters by 8 lines with the bottom line usually occupied by soft function keys options.The wide body allows for the keys to be comfortably spaced . Most keys can perform 3 functions via the SHIFT and ALPHA buttons . The 6 functions keys are assigned to various options that change as the context changes . These , combined with the ability to make menu selections or navigate a graph with the arrow keys allow for a tremendous flexibility and richness of features.The calculator is programmable , can store ` activity ' files , can link to a computer via a USB cable and it can connect to other CASIO calculators via a special cable . It is powered by 4 AAA batteries . In addition , there is a sealed coin-size backup battery to ensure that settings and memory contents are n't lost when the AAA batteries are replaced.The CD has the 590-page manual as a . pdf and CASIO 's link software that allows interfacing with a computer via the USB.FEATURESI will take some space listing them because this is the kind of information I sought before buying the calculator . Please skip over if not interested.The following can be accessed via the main menu . I wo n't do much beyond listing the features because I did n't explore everything yet and it would be a lot of writing if I was going into details . Besides , all is fully covered in the manual - it can be downloaded prior to purchase . - MATH - It 's the first menu choice and this is where most of the ` scientific calculator ' features are found . This is where arithmetic , trigonometric functions , logarithms , exponentiations and so on can be performed . As expected , the calculator supports parentheses , fractions , even operations with matrices . - LIST FUNCTIONS - Allows the storage of up to 26 lists in a file and up to 6 files can be stored in memory . They can be used for statistical calculations , graphing or arithmetic . - eACTIVITIES - Will allow the instructor to provide a file that includes text , math expressions , calculations and graphics for the student to interact with . - SPREADSHEET - Is what it implies . I personally prefer Excel on my laptop . - GRAPHING - Extremely versatile , from simple graphs to extremely sophisticated . Should support a student from high school all the way through college . - DYNAMIC GRAPHING - Does just that . You can take a graph and animate it by specifying a range of values for your variables . - TABLE - Can input and graph several functions . - RECURSION - Label describes it . Have n't tried this yet . - CONICS - I counted 9 types of equations supported . - EQUATIONS - Supports simultaneous with up to 6 unknowns , polynomial to 3d degree . - FINANCIAL - 7 types of functions such as simple and compound interest , amortization , or days calculation . - PROGRAMMING - Is well documented in the manual.And , speaking of manual , I found it to be well organized . The quick start section can be completed in a couple of hours or less and provides for basic familiarity with the calculator and gives the new user a brief overview of the calculator 's capability . Subsequent chapters provide in-depth coverage of all features.CONCLUSION AND EVALUATIONI expect my kids to use this model at least through high school - they are 7th and 8th grade now and just completed Algebra 1 , getting ready for Algebra 2 next year . So far , they seem to be comfortable using it and we have n't found any situation where when a calculator was needed this one could n't do the job.The calculator is easy to operate , thanks to the good keys layout , large display and well-written manual.While some of the features - spreadsheet , financial - are n't likely to be used much , most of the features are needed and they are well supported.Given the above and marking the low price as another plus , this CASIO deserves its 5 stars .
 Its an excelent calculator , with many useful functions , better than HP and more easy to use !!!!
 Bought this for stats classes and its excellent . I like it more than my old -LRB- now broken -RRB- TI-83 . Learning to use all of the functions effectively and efficiently takes some effort , but in my experience all calculators like this do .
 I have this product and it seems good so far though i ca n't really use all the stuff yet , it certainly helped me in my stats midterm . I 'm just worried that it might be problem since my school is so TI83/84 based , but i was n't dropping that kind of money for one . This is just as good , just learn the manual
 This is stand looks awesome . I used it for a trade show along with the G5 iMac and just the setup by itself attracted a lot of attention for its aesthetic appeal.On the downside , it is extremely difficult to put together . It took several hours to complete and it would be very difficult , if not impossible , to put together without the directions . It 's one of those things where it feels like you have to hold all the pieces together and tighten all the screws at one time to get it right . I also think it 's expensive . I know it 's a specialty item since you can only use it with this one specific computer , but $ 500 retail is pretty steep.Anyway , if you do n't need any extra desk space next to your computer and you want a visually beautiful set-up for your G5 iMac , then it 's definitely worth it .
 French is actually my first language with English as my second but since I seldom have an opportunity to speak french I find this little puppy handy to translate to french , words I 've forgotten or never learned . Also I 'm planning on getting two Siberian Huskies and speak to them only in french -LRB- who knows they might respond to it better since I think france is closer to Siberia than the U.S. is although Sara Palin might dispute that . She can probably see France from her house as well . Hope they 're not in rifle range . -RRB- that way they wo n't be so easily coaxed away by strangers . I hope
 Works well though does not have all verb conjugation needed for complex work . Great for beginners . Would be better with a larger screen as only 3 lines of text shown at a time.Franklin BFQ-450 Larousse French/English Dictionary
 I used this product when I went to France where I could n't bring my dictionary . It was quite useful and my daughter-in-law used it when writing a paper in French . I need to experiment further to see what else it can do .
 I use the dictionary while reading or writing in French.Its vocabulary includes 95 % of the words I look for.Every now and then an English word can not be found -LRB- `` soy '' for example -RRB- . When typing a verb in any tense or form , the dictionary will recognize the infinitive.Also useful is the conjugator.What I do n't like is the inability to translate expressions.you ca n't type `` put off '' . To translate the expression you have to type `` put `` and scroll down dozens of expressions until you reach the desired one.The spell correction is also bad and can take a whole minute.Sometimes if you misspell a word , it 'll be quicker to reboot the translator than wait for the error code .
 I use this to do french homework , reading french books , translating random words . I bring it everywhere with me . I can say that its great to learn the language.Note
 This was a gift ... apparently it is a hit . Will be used for french class and a trip to Paris . Very compact and user friendly .
 I have used this device for two years and find it amazing . Its easy to use and has almost all of the words I need translations for . I find it very easy to carry on my travels and while studying French at home .
 It 's been many years since my last French class , so this was in invaluable tool on my first trip to Paris . I especially like that is does conjugations , as I had totally forgotten all of those .
 I disagree with the previous comment about them being flimsy - I think the whole idea of the fabric is to not be heavy on the hands . It 's a spandex type of material that 's very soft and silky to the touch . I owned a pair of these many years ago but lost them in a move and so I ordered the new updated version which is what you get now . Personally , I love them . As medical transcriptionist , they keep my hands warm -LRB- without getting hot -RRB- and help alleviate the aches and pains in my hands and wrists . I also wear these on cold nights when my joints start aching . The wrist fabric is a little thicker and more firm , so it keeps my wrists from bending . The only thing to take note of , is their measuring system . I measured a small , but really , I needed a medium . The small size -LRB- 3 -RRB- was a bit to tight . So , maybe size up . For the money , I think they 're worth a try .
 Handeze Support Gloves , Medium , BlackI am a knitter , that is what I love to do when I am not crocheting . Lately I have been experincing some pain in the joints of my fingers . I started to panic thinking I would need to stop doing the things that I love to do.I have been diagnosed with arthritis , so needless to say I was devistated . I began looking for some type of suppore to help and after buying two other products I found these gloves . they really have helped a great deal with the pain.They are much more comfortable that the others I have and they fit better.the others I have felt like a girdle for my hands and stopped right at the knuckel . these extent above that but not too far. , they are perfect for me . I hope they help you as much
 I 've used these for years . There are several styles and two colors , black or tan , to choose from . I sew , knit and play guitar and they make my hands feel better -LRB- they feel fatigued at times -RRB- . My daughter practices guitar , crotchets and sews too , she 's only 15 but excessive hand use at any age results in tired , swollen hands from time to time . She really likes these too and they do not interfere with playing the guitar .
 Cardstock was on our daughter 's teacher 's request list for classroom supplies . She loved the colors in this package and the price was perfect for a classroom donation since it qualified for Prime shipping !
 I specifically wanted a phone with headphones , or some sort of ear piece . The description said it had a headphone jack , but it does n't . Otherwise , for the price , I did get a great set of phones for my entire house . Small buttons make it a little difficult sometimes , but overall , good purchase .
 I used this phone for years , very nice and reliable , better than the Vtech purchased at the same time.Voice is clear , and the wireless range is good enough to use other sets downstairs.I never tried the long distance card come with the machine since that needs suscribe something , I am lazy to read the manual.Never have any problems for all 4 sets.The only reason I did not give it 5 star is that the package does not come with foam to prevent demage during the transportation . But that does not affect usage if it arrived home safely .
 Husband / Son love puzzles - this one was a good because of the blended colors - they used it over Christmas and I definitely will order again as a tradition each season .
 I do n't know how anyone could give this stuff less than five stars . It 's like BUTTER to use . EZ start , dead silent and crystal clear . Fantastic !!!
 I use this mostly for closing large envelopes and boxes to be mailed . It sticks , it 's tough , and someone came up with some magic to make it completely silent when you unroll it . I hate that horrible packaging tape noise and this has not a single decibel . I do n't know how they do it . The only thing that would make it better is if it were a little more flexible . It can be tough to get it to stick in little crevices if the envelope is bent funny . And yes , the edge is always easy to find .
 I like this brand of tape because it really is easy to start getting it to come off the roll every time . I 've gone through lots of brands and wasted lots of time with tape that 's hard to get started or shreds when you try to pick up a free end . This is my favorite brand and it 's not more expensive than the others .
 QUALITY TAPE THAT DOES SEPARATE EASILY FROM THE ROLL WHEN YOU PULL IT . CUTS EASILY AND STICKS TO PACKAGE WELL . THE TAPE IS PERFECT FOR MANY USES . AND AT THIS PRICE , I WILL BE PURCHASING IT AGAIN , ESP AROUND CHRISTMAS WHEN I MAIL MY FAMILY 'S AND FRIENDS ' PACKAGES FROM CA TO MISSOURI .
 Good price and fast delivery . I use a lot of tape around the house and this is an inexpensive way to keep me supplied with what I need .
 Yup , this tape is perfect . I put it on a dispenser that came with some Scotch brand tape and will be sticking will Duck from now on -LRB- you get more for less ! -RRB- Love how this tape comes right off the roll.Good stuff , am ordering more !
 I was skeptical about this product because of the low price and having no familiarity with the brand . When it arrived -LRB- thanks Amazon Prime -RRB- I decided to try it on a package . I was pleasantly surprised ! The tape peels off the roll smoothly and when applied it sticks ! There is nothing low quality about this packing tape . Save some $ and start using this tape ; you will not be sorry . Happy Holidays ! 1
 Good service . Pretty frustration-free . Tape is light-weight but still is OK for mailing packages . The ends do n't always stick well .
 I like1 . good sticky labels and ease of availability2 . Low cost device .3 . great legibility of print4 some of the shortcuts are Useful.I do n't Like1 . Non qwerty keyboard -LRB- Electricians are n't that stupid -RRB- 2 . Non Laminated labels3 . I would not consider this a high production label maker -LRB- but with practice and a good print it would be faster -RRB-
 I read the reviews and I have to disagree . This is a cable labeler people . While it will print text labels , this is not the designed function . The boot is not hard to pop on and off at all and offers protection from falls . I have standardized on the 3/4 '' yellow labels # 18491 and have run about 100 cartridges through this unit . I had only one cartridge malfunction in the last 4 years that caused issues with the labels jambing , sticking or separating prematurely . I tossed it in the trash and have not had an issue since . If you need to label power and or communication cables , this will do the job for you . Otherwise , buy a general purpose labeler .
 best price on the net and shipped ready to go . love the product and cant wait to get the labels i purchased . will recomend for anyone .
 Top quality vinyl file folders . These are excellent for a variety of uses , including anaglyphic activities for vision therapy . The color is perfect to cancel with red/green or blue lenses . I buy them regularly and they last longer than anything else I have used . The covers clean easily even with repeated use .
 This sticky pad was intended for the dashboard of a car , but I plan to use it for the foot pedal of my sewing machine to keep it from scooting across the floor . It works like a charm .
 While one reviewer was unhappy line identifier was not automatically supplied , -LRB- this is of course a line supplier item not a phone supplier item only . -RRB- the phone itself has large easily used buttons , with easy to see at a glance red indicator lights . It does every thing the instructions cover , you can even program a time delay before the second line rings . It works well with other phones on our line -LRB- which were A T & T -RRB- - While we rated it a 4 star it is really a four star plus - oh and it also accepts headphone operation , something most other phones in this area do not .
 For the money this is a good product . The only assembly required was installing the casters and the drawer handles . I would recommend this product for any home office .
 Very happy with everything . Fast delivery , good quality , convenient assembly . Could ` nt find the key for the lock ; called the company ; they immediately lined up a shipment for a replacement lock assembly with key . Then I found it behind a drawer and called to cancel the replacement parts order . Very friendly and quickly responsive support & parts staff .
 This item works extremely well and is affordable . I use this to play with the kids , instuct classes , point out repairs and other objects to my workers , Play with the dogs , and , have used it just to let the kids know I am present . Love it!Dennis
 Works well and is very beautiful ! It really goes well with any decor and I also have one in white !
 I have had this phone for several years . The handset is very comfortable & the sound quality is great . In fact I plan on buying another one .
 This is a great phone . Easy to use . Looks cool . I got it for my home office after my old one died . I spent a lot of time looking for just the right phone & this one looks good on my desk . However , it does n't have a speaker phone function . It does n't say that it does have a speaker phone function . I was so impressed with how it would look that I forgot I wanted a speaker phone function .
 I have bought this item twice already . It has good quality and great price . I am a Amazon Prim member so I also get free shipping for this item !
 I use these envelopes nearly every month ! I prepare handouts and lessons for ladies I teach from my Church , and I mail at least 5 every month ! They are a necessity in my household ! I will keep buying them !
 These envelopes are unusual dimensions and not readily available in standard office supply stores . They were exactly what I needed .
 The size was perfect for legal documents and was very hard to find anywhere else Delivery was super fast and the price was right .
 I had been searching to re-purchase these Astro Brights Wausau envelopes at my local Office Maxx and or Office Depot only to find they were not for sale in the store so I got them via amazon . I have used bright envelopes for years in business to catch attention or for decorated envelopes/stationery/craft reasons . Great laser print quality paper . -LRB- there are matching assorted papers by this company for the envelopes as well -RRB- I love this brand . 5 stars .
 when I accidentally found them browsing through envelopes because I had already purchased the matching paper . Bot items are manufactured in the United States of America . Also , I like to try and make each letter I write unique in its ' own way .
 I am working on a `` Bulletin Board '' for my daughters ' school and I needed to make pockets for teachers to put a wishlist in . Since the theme is outer space , these envelopes worked out perfectly ! I cut them in half to get 2 pockets out of each envelope . I am sure that they will be great to mail things in too !
 I have bought this item twice already . It has good quality and great price . I am a Amazon Prim member so I also get free shipping for this item !
 I use these envelopes nearly every month ! I prepare handouts and lessons for ladies I teach from my Church , and I mail at least 5 every month ! They are a necessity in my household ! I will keep buying them !
 These envelopes are unusual dimensions and not readily available in standard office supply stores . They were exactly what I needed .
 The size was perfect for legal documents and was very hard to find anywhere else Delivery was super fast and the price was right .
 We were very happy to find you carried the Grey 9x12 and 10X13 Clasp envelopes . The Grey is very difficult to find . Look forward to ordering again as needed .
 First off , the product has a typo in the description . It says 30PCC/30RC . It 's actually 50/50 , so way better than I bargained . Secondly , the print from this paper is crisp , bright , with NO bleed-through ! That is exactly what I was looking for ! You have found a repeat customer here , for sure !! Happy Printing !!
 This paper works very well for me . The color is brilliant , and the texture fine . I use about two reams a month , and am re-ordering again today , without hesitation or reservation .
 I bought this for my mother who enjoys having a radio built into the phone she uses in the kitchen . she has had this same model for the past 7 or 8 years and it is an `` OK '' phone for the old technology I suppose .
 This particular mead notebook has cloth covering the metal spiral bind , so it wont get snagged or damaged from use like many spiral bound notebooks I 've had -- as long as you keep the notebook closed when not in use -LRB- the inside spiral is regular metal -RRB- . There is also a convenient addition to the cloth bind for you to slide in a pen . Inside attached to the first folder section is storage for half and full size index cards and the first few pages in the notebook are index cards you can tear off -- although this paper is n't much stronger than the regular paper . If you purchase a notebook like this with multiple sections -LRB- divisions -RRB- , each divider has a folder on both sides , but only the first divider has the index card holders . This notebook should last a long time , looks attractive , and is practical . I 've been using the smaller index card holder for sticky tabs for important notes . However , it 's quite a bit more expensive .
 It 's nice when you expect a device to meet a certain standard and it does . This phone has been able to do everything I need it to do on my way to CCIE certifications .
 I looked for this phone over and over . I found it here for the lowest price and I received it very quickly .
 I 'm very satisfied with this purchase . I needed a chair without arms which getin my way both at the computer and sewing machine . I felt this was reasonablypriced , and the quality is very good . It has back support , the seat is verycomfortable , and I wish I had bought one much sooner .
 I was looking for an office chair of good quality at a reasonable price . After reviewing the multitude of options here on Amazon and other stores , this chair seemed like a good deal . I did n't want to go super cheap . I also did n't need a expensive super wonder office chair . I also did n't need arms . The seat portion has to fit under the desk for convenience . All in all it hit the nail on the head . Comfortable . Functional . Adjusts in more ways then some chairs for the same price . We are in and out of our office quite a bit so there is some debris tracked in . It seems roll effortlessly over all but the larger pieces . I do n't spend all day in it everyday but when I have to on occasion it is comfortable enough for those long spells . We have had it roughly a month and are pleased with it so far .
 Chair arrived almost assembled . All I had to do is place the seat on the base and I was done ! Never had one that easy . Very sturdy and good back support . Have had it for 2 months and no complaints yet .
 This chair is extremely comfortable and has a large seat to accomodate larger frames . Would recommend to anyone who has to sit for at least six hours a day behind a desk .
 Assembles very easily.Has hydraulic adjustment which works well , adjusts easily.Rolls like a dream.ComfortableSeems like it will last a good long time ,
 We bought these chairs for our school 's computer lab . They are great , very attractive and easy to assemble . For as many as we ordered -- 27 -- one might expect a couple to have some shipping damage , but none did . Delivery was challenging , as the hub was 200 miles away in Albuquerque , and we were not notified that delivery was scheduled on a weekend , so the poor driver had to take the shipment all the way back to the warehouse , call us on on a weekday , and drive back . But Amazon helped us connect with the carrier , and the driver was very cheerful about the extra work .
 I found these pens a long time ago by accident and I try to buy more when I can find them . They write smooth , the contour of the pen makes it easier to write without getting tired and they come in a number of colors . This is absolutely my favorite pen for writing .
 I have used this product for several years for my daily written notes . I then move those notes to a computer program on my Mac called Notebook . The pages are big enough to tuck in 8.5 x11 paper , or reduce it by 85 % and tape it into the notebook . The pages are heavy material and the green tint makes it easy to read . There is a left margin line , and the pages are gridded on both sides . No detectable bleed-thorugh on pages when using a normal pen or pencil . Even highlighter marks are barely visible on the reverse side of the page . Looking back at one of my notebooks from 10 years ago , the writing and pages are just as crisp and new-looking as the day I write the notes . Highly recommended !
 These notebooks were purchased for lab projects in which many hours would be spent trying to avoid eyestrain and keeping these bound books in one piece . They held up to both tasks wonderfully and I will definitely be buying more !
 This is a nice notebook , however the small size it is not good enough for the kind of cover . For small notes it is ok .
 Exactly as described - numbered pages make it easy to retrieve notes / information . Sturdy cover & well made . Good quality paper with just one vertical line -LRB- left margin -RRB-
 These notebooks are a great size - about 8-10 '' . The paper is smooth , a nice pale green , and the pages are numbered - which means I can keep track of my notes , and find references more easily . I prefer ones with a spiral binding - but I have a pile of these as well . Good notebook !
 The lead DOES erase well if you use fine quality paper . It does not erase well on cheap paper . I suggest if you are using these to sketch you use Moleskine Sketchbooks which use a heavier paper than most brands.I use this color a lot and I mean A LOT when I sketch . It is helpful when I am laying down a foundation for character work in my sketchbook . Now that I own it I ca n't see myself not using it . I ca n't believe more brands are n't mimicking this color lead thing . : -RRB- I was able to find blue Pentell lead on another site , I wish Amazon carried it .
 Took kind of a while to arrive . It 's a fine Pentel product . Some people has complained it breaks easily and it does break easier than regular lead but I 'm sure it 's difficult to make colored lead as hard as regular . I press really hard when I write so I just had to be mindful and it was fine .
 I 'm very satisfied with this purchase . I needed a chair without arms which getin my way both at the computer and sewing machine . I felt this was reasonablypriced , and the quality is very good . It has back support , the seat is verycomfortable , and I wish I had bought one much sooner .
 I was looking for an office chair of good quality at a reasonable price . After reviewing the multitude of options here on Amazon and other stores , this chair seemed like a good deal . I did n't want to go super cheap . I also did n't need a expensive super wonder office chair . I also did n't need arms . The seat portion has to fit under the desk for convenience . All in all it hit the nail on the head . Comfortable . Functional . Adjusts in more ways then some chairs for the same price . We are in and out of our office quite a bit so there is some debris tracked in . It seems roll effortlessly over all but the larger pieces . I do n't spend all day in it everyday but when I have to on occasion it is comfortable enough for those long spells . We have had it roughly a month and are pleased with it so far .
 Chair arrived almost assembled . All I had to do is place the seat on the base and I was done ! Never had one that easy . Very sturdy and good back support . Have had it for 2 months and no complaints yet .
 This chair is extremely comfortable and has a large seat to accomodate larger frames . Would recommend to anyone who has to sit for at least six hours a day behind a desk .
 Assembles very easily.Has hydraulic adjustment which works well , adjusts easily.Rolls like a dream.ComfortableSeems like it will last a good long time ,
 We bought these chairs for our school 's computer lab . They are great , very attractive and easy to assemble . For as many as we ordered -- 27 -- one might expect a couple to have some shipping damage , but none did . Delivery was challenging , as the hub was 200 miles away in Albuquerque , and we were not notified that delivery was scheduled on a weekend , so the poor driver had to take the shipment all the way back to the warehouse , call us on on a weekday , and drive back . But Amazon helped us connect with the carrier , and the driver was very cheerful about the extra work .
 I purchased this as an alternative to carting a large easel with me when I paint outdoors , at the park and on my patio . It 's sturdy and adjustable for painting lower corners of canvas . It also has a contemperary look that is very suitable for displaying artwork . It collapses to fit perfectly in my art-tote . A great alternative for smaller work areas .
 This is a good easel for table top use . The body is metal . However the object supports are a molded plastic . When I received it , both pieces were broken . I called the distributor and they contacted the company that made it and within three business days , I had replacements . They said this had happened before and apologized and were very courteous . It 's great for smaller items but served it 's purpose for my larger framed print .
 You ca n't adjust the height of this , what you see is what you get , but it works . A good tabletop model for signage and display .
 Biggest perk
 I wanted to use it to display a neon sign and it works fine . I like that it is adjustable so can work for items of different sizes . The great price did n't hurt either !
 Super light weight and folds nice and small for carrying . Worked well for my purposes and the price is reasonable.I 'd recommend.Linda from Hesperia , CA .
 This is a very nice easle for tabletop work . It is lightweight and folds up as small as I think is possible .
 This product is not the greatest . It will get the job done . Good price .
 I 've used these tabs for all of my dictionaries . They have great adhesive , they are in clear font and there are extras in case you make a mistake . I keep buying these ...
 I purchased the tabs with other items on Amazon because Staples , Office Depot , etc. . . in my local area did not have the products I needed . These tabs worked great and the seller shipped them quickly ! I 'll definitely buy again from the seller .
 Was looking for an address book I liked , nothing jumped out at me , so I made my own with a spiral bound notebook I loved and these tabs . They are great and permanent , so be careful putting them down .
 ... they 're exactly what I wanted.I searched high and low here , in retail stores and on the ` net for small alphabetized index tabs that could be applied to book pages with a minimum of fuss . Most alphabetized index tabs are made with files or large notebooks in mind , and are 1 to 2 inches wide . These are inch wide . I needed them for an 8 by 5 inch book . 1 to 2 inch wide tabs are n't going to cut it on a book that size.These are easy to apply ; the back of the cardboard has 2 different tab guides to make application easy and the result excellent . These are tough little tabs with great adhesive.They also send you 4 complete sets of A-Z tabs -LRB- not made clear above with the 104 tabs `` Technical Details '' comment -RRB- . I was prepared to compromise on a solution to my problem . Thanks to Redi-Tag , I did n't have to . These are great .
 Made the perfect topper gift for my Whovian friend . They 're Dr. Who post it notes that come enclosed in a book-like case . Anyone who likes the doctor will smile : -RRB-
 These are the best post it notes ever . multiple sizes and a great conversation starter . Great little gift for any Doctor fan
 Just what I expected and a perfect gift for someone who loves this kind of thing . Would recommend to anyone .
 These sticky notes are great I would recomend any Dr Who fan to use them even though some are small , just wish they had had them for the Tenth Dr.Great product and packing and shipping also thumbs up
 love the sticky notes !! great for giving a touch of the doctor here and there . definitely want to get another set for the office .
 I really liked the sticky notes they came super quick , the only issue i had with it was that the dalek sticky notes are super tiny . Other than that they are awesome !
 Perfect size for a stocking stuffer and will go along excellently with the other Whovian items I have purched this holiday season .
 I bought this as a fun just getting started gift for my wife who has a degree in psychology . Construction is fantastic and just the right fun feeling with actual great use for studying . Fantastic
 Bought this as a gift and liked it so much I could n't bear to give it away . The sturdy cover keeps all the notes clean and neat in my bag and the assortment of sizes is handy to have all in one place .
 Great gift ! Everyone 's always wondering WWJD so now you can tell people with these post-its ! So convenient !
 OMG - the best . A real hit for anyone who likes Dr. Who ... . I find it hard to decide if intended note is Tardis-worthy : -RRB-
 This little book of sticky notes makes a fantastic small gift for the Whovian in your life.The first time we saw the colorful Daleks , I sang `` Go Go Dalek Rangers '' so that 's we call them in my family . The little Daleks are very small and cute . The biggest notes in this are the ones with the 11th Doctor . The TARDIS and Dalek notes are faded so you can write over them . I recommend black ink.I knocked one star off because they are n't really sticky , and in fact started coming loose from the book pretty quickly . It 's still a great idea and gift .
 dad laughed so hard he cried , great gift . still laughs every time he sees it at work . made his christmas .
 This was part of a Doctor Who themed gift bag I gave my daughter for Christmas . She loves Doctor Who and loves sticky notes so this was a huge hit . The sticky notes come in several little shapes/themes in a very sturdy case . They tickled her funnybone and she 's gotten a lot of use out of them . I was pleased at how many were provided - a good value .
 Great little gag gift for around the office . If you know someone who uses hand gestures every once in a while then this gift will complement their behavior .
 A must for all Whovians . Various color backgrounds are a nice touch . The glue is just as good as 3M brand .
 I love anything with Doctor Who , I just recently became a fan . Sticky notes work well for what they are intended for
 I guess if you are a fan , you 'll love them , I do n't know enough about the show to get excited about them , but my wife has them on her desk now
 I bought these as a stocking stuffer for my daughter , who is a school psychologist , and she got a real kick out of them . She said they will make her notes to herself , and her fellow associates , less mundane .
 I chose this product because it seemed like a fun gag gift ; I was n't disappointed ! The notes come in a sturdy book with several packets of small markers , very handy for book marks and papers .
 I 'm a dork , and this just feeds my obsession with this show . Got them for school to hopefully make studying more interesting . It did , but there 's not a lot of them . Sadly , it 's because they 're a specialty product . I just wish they came with more.Great gift idea for any Whovian who needs to remember when Time and Relative Dimension in Space they currently are in !
 I try to find a real good translator since a year ago , i tried Franklin DBE-1440 , i 'm really satisfied ...
 This unit is the perfect substitute for a spanish/english dictionary . Upon using it a few times , it picked up words quickly and easily . Probably on of the coolest things about it was that while reading , I could type in a fully conjugated verb and it would take me back to the root meaning of that verb . Especially useful if you do n't know what the root verb might be . Great unit . Highly recommended .
 The Franklin DBE-1440 is extremely easy to use . It also has the added functionality of being a Bookman II , which means that you can purchase data cards from Franklin to add additional reference materials to the same machine . This item is a bargain .
 Amazon advertises the Larousse Dictionary but they send you the Merriam Webster dictionary . The Merriam Webster Dictionary lacksdefinitions per words and lacks slang . The games in the translator are useful , but I found the Larousse Dictionary at aStaples store . If you ca n't find Larousse , Merriam-Webster isdecent
 item is perfect I love this dictionary . the only problem is that even when it is off it eats the batteries so I suggest you take them out when you are n't using it .
 Two years ago , I went to Mexico with very little speaking ability of the language . I spent two weeks with non-English speaking people , and this was my lifeline to effective communication . Regardless of level of your proficiency , this is essential to learning and provides immediate access to expression of ideas in a form everyone can understand . I still have not exhausted the information in terms of phraseology and idiomatic expressions . I think this will always be my ready reference when I do n't know the right word and need it quickly .
 I am a language student in Costa Rica . This is helpful in class and on the street . . no more bulkly dictionary to carry . It conjugates well , gives you options for poor spelling attempts and unlike most translaters out there , it will take you to the root word . This is very helpful when you are just beginning and do n't even understand what a root word -LRB- or infinitivo -RRB- is . Buy it in the states though becuase they are $ 100 down here in CentroAmerica . Difficulties are the small screen but that is also what keeps it small and easy to carry ... all in all , a pretty good tradeoff .
 I was given this device as a present over five years ago and although it recently gave out its service was impressive . for the last five years it has gone nearly everywhere i have . everytime i thought of an unknown english word i would type it into my translator and a second later i would have an exhaustive definintion . it never failed to impress my friends who did n't believe me when i said that it even had cuss words . this wonderful device accompanied me on trips venezuela and mexico . the translator later immigrated with me to madrid where it dutifully served me for nearly two years . although , i recently buried my longtime companion i plan on getting an identical one to replace her . i bought the french expansion card and i have had no problems with it . in fact , i did n't have any problems during the first 4 years . the only minor complaint that i have is that it uses british english .
 The reviewers who say it only conjugates 1st person , or present tense only , havent read the instructions . It conjugates tenses I never knew existed ! You just have to know which button to push . Mine has gone backpacking with me , and has been dropped on a ceramic tile floor . It is still going strong . I will exchange my 501 Verbs and my VOX spanish/english dictionary for another one in a second : -RRB- Amazon , I gave this 5 STARS , not 2 , first time around . What happened !
 This translator is like the best ever ! I 've used it on a long trip to central America and several trips to Mexico . I like that it translates common phrases that go with the word looked up . It does n't just translate a word . I just wish it had a more comprehensive verb conjugation format . But , all-in-all very good . The other bad thing is that the battery is expensive apparently 'cause they are n't regular double or trip A , but I 've only had to replace mine once , so you get every cent out of the batteries .
 I took this product to Costa Rica for a study abroad program and it was a huge help . It was great for communicating with my host family and much easier and quicker that leafing through a large dictionary . I also took it to Belize and Guatemala last summer for field work and it again prove to be invaluable . The phrase function really helped me to use words in different ways than I would have usually . I really recommend this product !
 I literally never leave home without it . Its best features are the complete conjugations of Spanish verbs . An often overlooked feature is that it also conjugates English verbs and nouns -LRB- in case you forget exactly how to form the past particible of some verb or the plural or some noun -RRB- . Unlike most other electronic English Spanish dictionaries this one lists many uses of words including idioms . The Spanish verb conjugations are superb . You can find any Spanish verb by entering any form of the verb which is great when reading Spanish literature.On the down side , I wish Franklin had done a better job on the mechanical design . The keys are notorious for wearing out . I am on my second one and I will soon need to buy a third one . I would gladely pay double the price for the same dictionary with high quality keys that do n't wear out after a year of heavy use .
 Excellent display with great lexical information , including idioms and differences between Spain and Latin America . Conjugation function , though helpful , is limited to first person only . Spelling correction is great though a little clumsy , as multiple forms of a dictionary entry are treated as possible spellings that must be chosen from . It has a user customizable word list to help you keep track of new words , but it is limited to only 40 words !!
 The dictionary is fine . All the features are easy to access . The only thing I find could improve the text is larger type . It 's difficult for me to read the type .
 Came in good time . Brand new condition . Works wonderfully . Have used it in my Spanish studies extensively and just used it during a trip to Mexico . Unfortunately it was stolen :--LRB- and now I am ordering another one ! It 's worth spending the money twice !
 It 's great in operation , it 's handy and fast , and having Larousse as their dictionary was a good move . However if you have a problem with the unit , you will encounter a ripoff . It went dead on me and thought it was batteries , put another set in -LRB- $ 6 -RRB- , went dead in four days , thought the batteries were bad , put in another set , same thing.After I finally got hold of Franklin 's warranty service people , they told me it would cost 7.95 for me to get it replaced , because they would have it delivered `` especially to me to my house by UPS '' , and that was company policy . After pursuing the issue , she told me that it must have been something I did to the translator for it to fail . I 've been an electronic tech for 35 years , and believe I know how to handle electronics . Well , ie , be ready for a terrible roller coaster ride if you have a problem with it . They also want the original invoice for the unit , not the copy as the operators manual states .
 I 'm a spanish student at the Famous Defense Language Institute . The course is fast paced and difficult , but with the Franklin translator -LRB- 1440 -RRB- it makes the class eaiser . I can look up a word as soon as the teacher says it to find out what it means , it has all the verb conjugations you will ever need for class .
 If you buy this ONLY for spanish-english translations , it 's great ! But , this model has a Bookman slot on the back -LRB- DBE-1440 -RRB- leading you to believe you can expand it and use more cards !! Just try to find a bookman card for this device ... BEWARE .
 I bought this item to replace a DBE 1440 that was n't working correctly . Although the buttons are a little small , and I have small hands , it works very well . The thing I like best about this model is the vast number of words and phrases that it has , including slang and even `` dirty '' words . Expensive , but worth it !
 The DBE-1440 is a good English/Spanish dictionary . I suspect that that 's because it is partly a Larousse product . I 've been using it for almost 10 years and am very happy with it . More than a million words in each direction and every verb tense imaginable ... nice.Once the cover is closed the DBE-1440 is rather rugged . On the other hand it is non-speaking . Also , if your eyesight is quite poor this one might not be for you because the display is small and the letters are medium to small . I like this model very much . It bounced around in my front pants pocket for 2 years in Mexico and `` kept on ticking . `` You might be able to find it used . I have difficulty seeing how the newer thinner Franklin products could be as rugged as this model . It 's a great -LRB- cheap -RRB- platform to stick Bookman II cards into.My experiences with putting Bookman cards into this model follow ... The Bookman cartridges -LRB- aka cards -RRB- I have generally work very well . Whenever I 've had problems with them I 've been able to solve the problems by putting in fresh batteries and resetting the DBE-1440 . Resetting it can be a bit tricky . Remove the Bookman cartridge . Take a paper clip and unbend it a bit or use a safety pin . Insert the pin/etc . into the tiny and unlabelled reset hole on the back of the main unit and press down LIGHTLY for a second or two . On my unit I can feel that a contact is being made . If you press down rather hard you can permanently break it . BEWARE . If you still have problems try removing the batteries -LRB- may need to use your paper clip/pin/etc . -RRB- and do the reset then put the batteries back in and do the reset again . Still have problems ? Cycle through this paragraph 2 or 3 times and see if that does n't fix things . The problems start when the batteries get low . Using Bookman cartridges with low batteries can put the DBE-1440 into a very funky state . Once you 've set things right they should stay right until the new batteries run low . In my experience battery life is measured in years , not months.One other possible but unlikely problem/solution is if the underside of the Bookman cartridge somehow gets dirty then you can wipe the contact points off with a soft cloth . On the DBE-1440 the cartridge contacts a plastic strip that appears to have no metal in it , but indeed there IS metal embedded in it . So , wipe the strip if you have a DBE-1440 with a dirt problem .
 First let me say that I am reviewing the DBE-1440 purchased thru Amazon.com . It ships from J&R ; Electronics and contains the Larousse dictionary . I have used this model with both the Larousse and Webster dictionaries , and the Larousse is by far more complete and helpful.The Larousse seems to be more geared toward Spain-Spanish and British-English , and coming from the US I would have preferred Latin-American Spanish to US-English . However , the completeness of the entries is overwhelming , and this flaw -LRB- if it is one -RRB- is minute.If anything , it is too complete . If you type in more common word like ` dar ' -LRB- to give -RRB- , you will find yourself forever scrolling down thru the pages of possible definitions and examples . `` Combined '' definitions -LRB- in conjunction with other words , a given word can change meaning -RRB- and sample expressions are included as well -LRB- and this is what hooked me -RRB- . For example , if you looked up ` andar ' you would not only find the multitude of possible meanings , but also the combinations with other words -LRB- andar por , andar con , andar en -RRB- that often change the meaning significantly.As the description says , any verb , including the irregulars , can be conjugated into any of the tenses by simply hitting the `` CONJ '' key repeatedly . And since the translator knows all the conjugations , you can type in the conjugated verb without having to know the infinitive form . For example , if you wanted the know the meaning of ` estuviste ' and tried to look it up in a regular paper dictionary , it is likely that you would not find it , as it is a conjugated form of the verb ` estar ' . With this pocket translator , you just type in ` estuviste ' and it will bring up the entry for ` estar ' immediately.The games are fun , especially hangman , however the words are chosen completely at random , and you will find yourself trying to guess the most obscure words , words you would almost never even use in English . For example you may try to guess the Spanish equivalent of soporific , caryatid , sacrosanct , or the word for the mounted official at a bullfight . There is a way to make the games select words only from your ` word list ' -LRB- words are put into your word list by highlighting them and hitting `` LEARN '' -RRB- , but your word list is limited to only 40 words.There is a flip-top cover , which is a great idea . And when you buy the piece the spring will be strong enough to hold up the flip-top while holding the translator vertical . Unfortunately , the spring weakens quickly , and you will have to hold it up with a finger while you translate -LRB- this is more annoying than it sounds -RRB- , tilt the translator backwards , or lay it flat . This is not that big of a deal , as you will almost always be using this thing in a situation where you are `` looking down '' into it , and the flip-top is not a factor then.It has some other stuff too . A calculator , metric-imperial converter , `` bookcard '' ability , some lessons -LRB- that are not very good as they are extremely brief -RRB- , a section with situational phrases , some cultural notes -LRB- almost exclusively about Spain -RRB- . Do n't buy it for any of these features though , as they are mostly an afterthought.Overall , a great piece .
 I bought this in January . And 4 month later . . This thing does n't work . I only saw straight line in the screen .
 I thought I could more easily read Gabriel Garcia Marquez `` El General en su Labertino '' if I did n't spend so much time turning the pages of a paper dictionary to look up unfamiliar words . Indeed this Franklin product is much faster than paper , and much easier to read than the Univ. of Chicago dictionary I had been using . The Franklin seems to have a larger vocabulary . The conjugation function is excellent . The paper dictionary does have a few pages of narrative describing Espanol and description of regional variations , and the Franklin omits these . I have some minor complaints . The stiffness of the keys sometimes results in missing characters in input words -LRB- partially saved by the automatic spelling corrector -RRB- . The asterisk should be lower case . While easily freed , sometimes the on/off button gets stuck . On the whole , it 's a fine product . For my purposes , it is 99.44 % satisfactory .
 This is one of the best electronic Spanish/English dictionaries I 've ever owned . This and other Franklin dictionaries seem to have more `` up-to-date '' meanings and usage demonstrations than some others I 've tried . I really like the fact that you can highlight words in definitions and look them up as well . The games are OK , but I never found them to be particularly useful . Overall , this would be an EXCELLENT choice , but with one caveat
 I just started learning Spanish and this translator has been a very big help . It is easy to use , and it has both a full function calculator and somes games . The unit that I have does have the ability to conjugate verbs in all tenses . You just have to press the conjugate button additional times to get the various tenses .
 I have the translator with the LaRousse dictionary . I found it to be PARTICULARLY GOOD , especially in Spain . It not only contained almost every unfamiliar word I came across , it also had a TON of cultural references , which it displayed in italics.It is an outstanding size . It has a cover for when it 's not in use and you need to drop it into your backpack . The keyboard is n't exactly a PLEASURE to use , but it does n't suck to use it . It has some neat games that help learning the various tenses . The tense translator is worth the cost of admission . It has a slot for bookman cards -LRB- not that I 've used that or anything ... but it could be handy -RRB- . It took a four foot fall and continues to work well to now.So why the four stars with the five star review I just wrote above ? A couple of my American friends also in Spain bought this product , and that version , my friends , deserves a three star rating . Theirs shipped with the Webster 's Spanish-English dictionary . Alas ! the cultural references , soooo important for learning a language - Gone ! Also , many common words - just not there ! Often , one of my friends and I would read CNN Spanish articles and check our dictionaries against the less common words ... and the Larousse beat the Webster 's EVERY TIME.So ... words to the wise should be sufficient . Franklin , are you listening ?
 I 've bought two of this gizmos for Spanish and one for French . They 're a great way to carry the equivalent of a medium-sized dictionary around while travelling . Also , once you get used to it , it 's a much faster way to look up words while reading than a regular dictionary , and recognizes many misspellings . Overall , a good product , and since -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- there 's nothing quite like them available , in terms of size , ease of use , and number of words . I would n't have bought the spanish one twice otherwise -LRB- first one freaked out after about a year and a half of use -RRB- Of course the `` 2 million translations '' number is a little misleading , probably including all 75 or however many forms there are for each spanish verb , etc. , but whatever.They do tend to have glitches every once and a while , particularly when the batteries are starting to run low , and sometimes you have to remove the batteries and reinsert them to get the thing working again . Also , while the dictionary does store a complete set of verb conjugations for all tenses , access to the conjugation tables is a little slow and awkward . The dictionary does have the nice feature of recognizing a verb by any of its conjugated forms , which can be a big help for the beginning Spanish student , but then it jumps to the definition with infinitive . A student who 's not sure of the tenses then has to press the `` Conj '' key repeatedly and wait to get to the desired tense . Also , when the verb in question corresponds to more than one word in the translation language , the dictionary forces you to perform an additional and unnecessary step before viewing the conjugation tables . Does n't sound like a big deal , but if you use the thing heavily , as some students will , those little details can slow you down , and I 'm sure they could be fixed.Also , key stiffness seems to vary between units ... my French dictionary has a real problem with this , and it takes a bit of attention to key a word correctly , but the Spanish ones have both made it fairly easy to type rapidly ... I had some problems with the bookman system ... . I bought a french/spanish card and it caused both my french and spanish dictionaries to crash frequently . Too bad , cause it could be such a great feature , two dictionaries in one , and the ability to carry more in such a compact form.One tip -- if you think the unit is broken , just replace the batteries . Rather than displaying a message like `` low battery '' , it does all kinds of other crazy stuff that makes it seem like it 's broken .
 I just opened this unit 30 minutes ago and I 've already written three new emails in Spanish using precise verb tenses and abstractions . And it was easy.I 'll try to illustrate.When I type in ` want ' as a word it pulls up Spanish translations . If I press CONG -LRB- for conjugate -RRB- , it lists an Overview of all the common uses . Pressing CONG again slides through , take a breath , present indicative , present progressive , preterite , past progressive , future , present perfect , future perfect , pluperfect , present conditional , past conditional , and imperative . And the term is bold and stands out in the display so your eyes do n't squint.Another nice feature is the way the LANG button works . It makes it easy to bounce between entering English words and Spanish words when changing direction when searching for a word . Great for those of us who change our mind a lot using gadgets.Here 's an example
 Note : Since all my references to prices were stripped out , let me just say that the DBE-1440A is a whole lotless expensive than the DBE-1450 -LRB- two for a bit more thanthe price of one DBE-1450 -RRB- . The interface is differentbut the functionality and content is the same.A month ago I bought the DBE-1450 , for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- newat -LSB- a local store -RSB- . It is great . I was planningto get my daughter the same model , went back andbought the dbe-1440A new for only -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . The box for the 1440A says `` New and improved `` and on the back of the case it says DBE-1440ACompared to the DBE-1450 , the differences are n'tworth it , unless you will use them.The DBE-1450 has a touch-screen , and the DBE-1440 has buttons next to the windowfor the exact same functions . The 1450 has a jackfor an ac transformer power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- , anda jack to connect to a PC , neither of which I have used.Otherwise they have the same features : same vocabulary -LRB- 5,000,000 -RRB- , -LSB- the biggest reason to buy it -RSB- same traveler phrases -LRB- 2,000 -RRB- , same full conjugation , same learning exercises , same games , same save word list capabilities , a grammer guide -LRB- never used it -RRB- , a rolodex -LRB- never used it -RRB- . The screen size is the same
 If you are studying English OR Spanish -LRB- it can also be configured with the help of a slot card , to learn Italian , French , etc. -RRB- , if you need to take the TOEFL , if you just need to look up a word you ran across in a book or an article , THIS product is for you!It is handy and complete , it 's only defect being that it can be hard to open at times , but given its usefulness , this is a minor forgivable `` defect '' .
 I Bought this unit in a shop over here in Switzerland . That was round about September time last year ie
 This handheld Franklin MWD 400 electronic dictionary is an excellent buy because it is efficient and accurate , as well as small and easy to carry around , and relatively inexpensive . It has a spellchecker that is comparable with higer priced , more elaborate electronic dictionaries ; it offers several feasible options . It offers viable definitions for thousands of the most commonly used words . The purpose of the dictionary is just that
 This is a great product . It works vary well . I bought it to use for looking up words in books i 'm reading -LRB- my favorite hobby , besides chess -RRB- . A great way to increase your vocabulary . -LRB- and your spelling -RRB-
 Wow , I cant bileave how grate thiis thinge is and stuf . Before i Got thiis thinge my spalling wuz horibel . not no more . Its rally grate now and Im thinkin Ill get my high skool g.e.d. Thanks , Franklin Electronics !
 THIS PRODUCT IS GORGEOUS BUT I FOUND IT CHEAPER AT ALKAMOSDOTCOM
 I am a physician and in the summer time I have some migrant patients come to work in our area , I always feel handicap to communicate with them and make them feel we care for them . So I brought some spanish medical conversation books but I ca n't pronounce it , so it was useless . As I found out about Franklin BES 1840 and brought it . Since then I use the BES 1840 to help me and I can communicate adequately for my patients to understand some simple phases , and they appreciate that I try to learn their language . I highly recommend Franklin BES 1840 , it may be sound mechanical , but very adequate and easy to use . I do wish they can expand their vocabulary .
 The product is as good as you may need , if you spend the time it will teach you any thing that you want from the feature it holds , plus you are not stuck with one feature since you can buy the diferent bookslots that fit it and learn even more , it is important that you deside the right size becouse it depends on your needs , carry it or have it on top of your desk .
 I am home studying Spanish with Pimsleur -LRB- vol . 3 now -RRB- and a few books -LRB- `` Practice Makes Perfect '' series , `` Breaking out of Beginning Spanish '' , etc. -RRB- . I read the reviews , especially about a difficult to read first line , but I thought this would be great to take to the office , travel with , and more functional then a dictionary . I won the gamble . The first line is just as readable as the rest and there is a tools section so you can alter features like contrast if you are in a brighter enviroment . The bes-1840 has great conjugations , phrases , and you can add and delete from a personal word list . There is a challenging Tesol flash card series -LRB- for the advanced , not me yet -RRB- , and customizable English and Spanish flash cards you make yourself . This translator could easily be used by a ESL student . I have one negative and would have given it 41/2 stars if I could . The `` Speak '' function is only fair , small speakers , tiney voice . Overall I am very satisfied , $ $ well spent .
 As a conjugator and dictionary , it is wonderfully portable instead of lugging around a comprehensive verb book and dictionary . Another reviewer said it conjugates for the `` yo '' form only - which is completely wrong . They obviously did n't read the directions - all you do is keep pressing the conjugate button and it cycles thru the different tenses . The talking aspect helps point you in the right direction as far as pronunciation , but it is not always understandable - it definitely is not in stereo .
 I like being able to find words quickly , in either English or Spanish , with this dictionary . It contains a large number of words , and it conjugates verbs . There have been quite a few times it has not had a word I requested . Its important weaknesses are that it translates only words and does not recognize phrases ; also , the speaking voice is fuzzy . I also noticed that it mispronounced one Spanish word -LRB- pajaro -RRB- . On the up side , mine has worked well for 3-4 years , and it does not require frequent battery changes .
 These were the exact forms I was needing and they were received very quickly . Would order again from this person .
 I am a huge technology fan and I bought this idem because I wanted a good electronic dictonary and I was very suprised about how it worked , it was wonderful ! It comes with games and a thesaurus and more.It was so cool and it even came with the bookman card system . Good job Franklin Electronics keep making them .
 I bought this same franklin mwd-1440 back in 1996 but it was stolen and have n't been able to find one to replace it . Thanks again Amazon
 Using it could ` nt be funner ! With all of it 's functions , doing any English homework was actually fun . Really worth the price .
 Apart from MWD - 1440 I have a couple of more Franklin products and especially the Dictionary with the Columbia Enciclopedia option on the back of it . I have been using it constatly for the past five years as it has been extremely useful for all my subjects and basically for everything related to general knowledge . As I 'm doing some foreign languages , I would also like to get hold of some more discs insertable on the back , but I find it really hard to find them here in London ...
 this is a good dictionary i am pleased with its good screengood buy
 Mike from Groton , NY mentioned that the dictionary is n't able to interface with his computer . Not true . You can , but you will need to buy a Franklin Bookman Write ... With the Bookman Writer , you can read email , ebooks , etc. from your Dictionary unit .
 I really like having the Bible and concordance in my pocket ! I only wish there is a way to interface it with a memory module to import data from my computer , where I have volumes of books stored on cdrom . It would be a great way to read email on the go too .
 As a heavy on-the-road word processing user of my Palm -- made possible by DataViz 's Documents To Go 4.0 -LRB- available from Amazon , which downloads MS Word documents to my PDA -RRB- -- I 've found myself using my Franklin MWD-1440 Dictionary and Thesaurus with Bookman II almost constantly ! Granted , its not as thorough or as in-depth as the large book-style dictionary and thesaurus which I keep at home next to my PC , but , with its portable size , I can always take it with me wherever I go -- such as to my kids ' sports practice or music lessons -LRB- where I 'll write product reviews such as this one -RRB- , or when I 'm traveling away from home for business.Even though its volume of entries is not as extensive , the Franklin is actually superior in some ways to both my book-style dictionary and thesaurus , and to my laptop PC -LRB- personal computer -RRB- . Here 's how I 've found the Franklin to be most useful : For spell checking . Just punch in the word -- as you think it should be spelled -- and the Franklin will fix the spelling for you . With a book-style dictionary -LRB- as you already know -RRB- , you 're pretty much on your own!For definitions . The Franklin provides the meanings of words -- which is something you wo n't get from your PC 's spell checker . This can be very handy , especially when confirming the proper usage of the words suggested by the thesaurus.For its thesaurus . The Franklin provides both synonyms and antonyms . And you only need to enter the word once -- to look it up in both the dictionary and the thesaurus , -LRB- which is very convenient -RRB- . The Franklin also has a very legible five-line display -- which is vastly superior -LRB- and requires a lot less up-and-down and side-to-side scrolling -RRB- as compared to other electronic dictionaries that have only a single or double line array . The replaceable -LRB- and long-lasting -RRB- watch-style batteries also give the unit a very low profile . -LRB- Franklin 's other less expensive models , by contrast , use four AAA size batteries , and are noticeably thicker in appearance . -RRB- When I acquired my Franklin , I also purchased the available Bookman II interchangeable Encyclopedia and Word Game cartridges . But , to be quite honest , since I use the dictionary and thesaurus so frequently , I have n't had much of a chance -LRB- or desire -RRB- to try out these other modules . -LRB- Buy the MWD-1440 for the five-line display and its thin size -- and not for the Bookman II capability . The improvement in usability and portability you 'll experience from these extra features is definitely worth the slightly higher cost . -RRB- No matter where you 're writing , the Franklin MWD-1440 Dictionary and Thesaurus is a great tool for finding just the right word to use .
 I just recieved this as a gift and I could n't be more pleased ! Its features include a very expansive dictionary and thesaurus , fun games , word lists , SAT words , flashcards , and a unique addition called Bookman . I really like the Word list feature because you are able to add a total of forty words at a time and then use your own words as flashcards . Although I have not used the Bookman , the idea of a electronic card with book length material on them is useful . All of these features combine to form an excellent hand-held dictionary that resolves the nuisance of leafing through a large dictionary . I highly recommend this product , and consider it the best there is to offer in electronic dictionaries .
 Usually when I 'd discover an unknown word , I 'd just infer its meaning through the context , or ignore it , rather that lug out a dictionary , flipping back and forth , squinting until I revealed the word . This handy little device has changed all that ! Now its just a matter of typing in the word . And if you need to find a synonym for that word , no need to lug out the thesaurus ; just highlight the word and hit enter . Its such a time saver , and when your absorbed in what you 're reading , that makes a big difference . You can also save words , and run through `` flashcards '' of words ; a convenient feature for learning new words or studying for the SAT.The swapable Bookman cards , though I 've never used them , seem like a great addition . The unit is small and sturdy , easy to take it with you . And do n't forget the games ; they can make passing the time in lecture much easier -LRB- I never knew how addictive anagrams could be ! -RRB- . The only fault is the unit 's top ; why is it such a pain to open ? I 've also had it come off a few times ; its fairly easy to replace , but its still a nuisance . I have a feeling that one day when I 'm not careful it 'll break off . But besides that , if you 're a student or an avid reading , this unit is indispensable .
 Just bought this because after having to flip through the paper version of a dictionary/thesaurus , it does get tiring . And so I thought I 'd try something new - a Franklin Bookman MWD-1440 . So far it 's proven to be interesting.Some good aspects ... It 's a good size for your pocket , although still big enough to hold comfortably in my hand . The device is simple enough to use without every looking at the directions , and also functions well enough for the average person who likes to read or write . The device lets the user choose from three different font sizes which is nice , and can change the display contrast . The addition of the games are nice . I have n't yet tried another bookman card though.Some design nitpicks ... I do wish the cover could flip over and under the device so it would be easier to hold , I wish the buttons were bigger -LSB- but it 's a small device , can not expect too much -RSB- , and I wish there was a way to backlight the display while using it in a dark place . The arrow buttons could be easier to press , and I do wish the number buttons were arranged like the keyboard/phone instead of in a line . I think Franklin could do better with a redesign of the layout -LSB- I 'm in an Industrial Design student and I would do it differently -RSB- . Overall ... a nice purchase and a keeper ! I 'm putting it to good use . I would not recommend for people with hard-to-see vision and arthiritis problems . Even while I 'm a 4th year college student , it 's still hard to press .
 I recently returned from a 30 day trip to Mexico . When I travel I keep an extensive journal and misspellings are a downfall . The Franklin Electronic dictionary was the answer . Light weight and compact . I have also found it more convenient when reading -LRB- particularly in bed -RRB- and coming across a word I do n't know , to use the electronic dictionary rather than flipping through a heavy conventional one . On the downside , the 100,000 word vocabularly is light and I have come across three words so far which were not included . One of the words was `` topiary . '' The games are also sophomoric .
 My son -LRB- 5th grade -RRB- uses this product both at school and at home . It makes `` look it up '' simple to do . He only has to come close to the spelling using simple `` sounding out '' techniques to find the correct spelling of a word and see a definition . The dictionary was terribly frustrating ! Thank you Franklin for making a parents ' / teachers ' job easier and providing a child with the tools to solve his own problem !
 This little machine can do almost anything I love it . I use it for everything , for dictionary , thesaurus , 9 games , sat words , spelling bees , metric converter , calculator , and much more . If there is anything it does n't have you can buy one of the bookman cards at franklin.com to make the mwd-1440 even more versitile like a spanish-english dictionary and more . If you do n't have this you should buy it , it 's just so helpful !
 I bought one of Franklins dictionarys and also an -LRB- expensive here in U.K. -RRB- `` popular encyclopedia '' to slot in the back of it about six months ago.I have shown it to several of my friends and the usual reaction is compleate lack of interest.Well what would they know , this thing is great for a person like me who has bad spelling.It can spell correct even the most hopeless effort at a word and can be used while listening to the radio or watching T.V. without losing the plot of the programme.My range of words is improving with the help of this thing , now thats good.What I would like to see is 50 % more words and why do they have to look so dull.Yellow , blue , orange and green are all nice colours for a dictionary .
 I had shopped around for a pocket translator for travelling . I had bought the Spanish/English DBE-1440 which gives me phrases , a dictionary , some simple games , calculator , ... I was quite impressed with it 's capabilities and range compared to the other pocket translators . It 's quite simple to use and quick . The keyboard is just large enough to be able to type in words quickly without being bulky . It fits nicely into your pocket . There are smaller translators but they just do n't contain as many words , phrases.What I also liked about it was the idea of the bookman card . If I wanted to use another language for translation I could simply slip in the card . So I thought . I had wanted the french/english translator so I had called up the main office in my country to order . They were very helpful and delivery was very fast . I do applaud them on that . What I found out was that the card was quite limited and not at all similar to buying the french/english unit itself . I ended up returning the card and I had to pony up for a new translator unit . Which I do like . It 's the BFQ-1440 model . My grievance is that this should n't have to happen . The software they use on the unit should be the same as that which they put into the bookman card . But it is n't . And I do n't know why they do this . I would rate it five stars if it was n't for this case .
 I recently purchased a Franklin electronicol Dictionary . It is fast easy to use and a great purchase . The Franklin Dictionary is great for any ages that are capable of typing . Franklin helps young children and adults learn new words that can get them hooked . While exploring the Franklin Dictionary I learned many new words which are to help me with state tests and basic knowlege . I have given the Franklin five stars because its fast , helpful , handy , and very easy to opperate .
 I got this for Christmas . It 's much easier to use than a normal dictionary or thesaurus , and it 's a lot better than trying to carry a dictionary around in your pocket ! It 's easy to use and the games are fun . I reccommend this to anyone who writes !
 This tool makes the drudgery of learning new words for a moody 13 year old , more bearable , even fun . The student can input their words into a wordlist for the week and spend that week playing games such as hangman and others , while reinforcing learning to spell each word . It is especially helpful that once the words are input , getting the definitions is a snap . Also , I have caught her just looking up definitions for fun , because it is so easy , ca n't hurt !
 Bought one today and found it to be one of the most useful gadgets I 've found ! Am looking foreward to purchasing several of the myriad of Bookman II cartridges they have !
 I really like this . I got it for christmas . I can type in my spelling words and studdy with it . Its also nice incase i leave it on , it turns off after a min . Or you can set it . It also has fun games . When i play the board game scrabble i can type in the letters i have and it will tell me the words i can make . Some of them i did n't even know exested . Overall This is a great product and its real educational . You should get it its worth every penny !
 This thing is awesome ! I contains even the most advanced words . No matter how badly I spell a word , this dictionary can always help me with the photenic spelling feature . Fun and games are n't bad either .
 This gadget is really helpful with homework and when you just do n't know how to spell a word . This is really worth the money and I think that every human should have one . Also , the search is really helpful .
 Using it could ` nt be funner ! With all of it 's functions , doing any English homework was actually fun . Really worth the price .
 several days before i bought it , and i found that it really worths the price ! to tell the truth , till now i have not found another product on internet can satisfy me -- an english learner who always need instant help.most of its functions are useful.eg.if you are a bad speller , do not worry , it can give you references -LRB- of course you need to wait for several seconds -RRB- . the using of bookman II slot is a good idea , i hope they produce more cards for choose . you can change the display from 6 to 4 lines to comfort your eyes . maybe someone will claim about that its screen size and keyboard are not convenient , but please remember it is a pocket one!shortcomeings are , in my eyes , its cover seems not strong.and the memory is limiteid so in `` my word list '' you can only add several ten words.and some function it has is not introduced clearly in user 's guide .
 You can use the miriam-webster electronic dictionary all the time , in school , at home , or if your bored anywhere you could play one of the games it has already installed in its memory . If you want it to do things that arent on the dictionary already you can buy speacial cards -LRB- which it comes with a list of -RRB- . I bought a spanish/English dictionary card which is very useful . If you want to get a dictionary that fits in your pocket this is the thing to buy !!
 All around this is a teriffic product . It cuts down the time it takes you to look up something down dramatically , and you even feel compelled to look up a word you dont know . However , the screen is very small , as are the keys making it somewhat hard to type .
 I am a college student , and this came in handy to look up the definitions of words . It is ten times easier than getting a dictionary , and looking it up by hand . One of the features I liked was that , if I could n't quite remember the word I was looking for I could type in a star then the letters close to what the word was , and it would bring up a list of possible matches . The converter also helped in my physics . I highly reccommend this product
 I got one of these things for Christmas a couple years ago , and I do n't know how I got along without it , -LRB- at least until I lost it a while ago , but I 'm sure I 'll find it eventually -RRB- . The dictionary is very useful , I never read a book without this by my side anymore . -LRB- The expansion pack for an increased dictionary is a great addition . -RRB- It 's detailed enough that I often look up words I already know just because I 'm sure I 'll find some new meaning to them . As a spell checker I 've almost never been let down by this little toy , except for the few rare -LRB- but frustrating -RRB- cases where it just did n't know the word exists . I do n't use the thesaurus much , so I ca n't comment on that functionality.The little games are great to play when you have a spare moment . They 're a fun way to improve your vocabulary . Since I never leave the house with this thing , I 'll always take it out whenever I 'm in a long line or on the bus.An issue I have with this gizmo
 When I frist bought this I thought it would only look up words . Boy was I in for something . It can give you a synonyms and antonym , games , It is even helps you study words . There is so much stuff if you forget things about it it has build in help tips . All for a good price . A great buy !
 The Franklin MWD-1440 Dictionary and Thesaurus with Bookman II is a perfect purchase for those who expected more from the MWD-1300 . It is a rollicking tale of words fed into a dictionary and a thesaurus then spit out through an electronic keyboard and screen at the touch of a finger -LRB- or fingers -RRB- . It rocks from A to Z ! Buy it and you 'll never look back .
 I bought the MWD-1440 some time ago and I find it very useful for quick lookup of words as well as thesarus entries . I can store a short wordlist of the words i didnt know and view them as flash cards too ! Its a great buy .
 Bought this for work to help organize a department and it works great . We still are n't using all the slots , but by year 's end I 'm sure it will all be used
 I purchased the Saratoga L-Shaped desk , bookshelf , and lateral file in Cherry for my new office at work and am thrilled with all of it . The finish is a beautiful color and the pieces feel very sturdy . Because I set up my monitor where the desk and return come together , I use my keyboard on top of my desk instead of underneath with the tray , but I still have plenty of room to work . The facilities department where I work actually set up the desk with a right-handed return , and I had requested left-handed . Knowing that it was reversible , my husband and I switched it over in an hour and a half without having to drill a single hole ! Easy peasy . The original set up had taken 1 person used to putting desks together about 51/2 hours . The only problem I had was one of the handles on the lateral was broken , but I called Bush , and I just got my replacement after only a few days . I was also surprised that the lateral fits 2 rows of letter size hanging files instead of legal so I did one row of legal size and turned the second side sideways to fit letter . I am getting MANY comments on how nice this set is . I just ordered a second lateral as I had already filled up all the drawers ! Topped it off with 2 burgundy leather guest chairs for less than $ 130 each . Loving my new office suite !!
 I was kinda iffy about buying furniture online but I gave it a shot and im happy with the purchase . I bought the matching L-shape desk , bookcase , and file cabinet for my home office and they all look GREAT !
 I wanted a dictionary that I could take on the road and wanted it to be able to store a word list . I was pleased to have found this item and at the price.It has met might my first need quite well . It 's small and light enough to throw in backpack , suitcase or take in the car . I find most of the words I look up and the definition -LRB- s -RRB- is often sufficient . I was n't expecting that it would be as good as my 20 lb . dictionary -LRB- it 's not -RRB- but it 's definitely better than a similarly sized paper dictionary.Concerning the word list , it 's not as useful as I had hoped . I often find in my reading that I come across words that I recognize , but am not sure about the definition and after looking up once it does n't sufficiently stick , so having a word list helps . With this unit I can press the learn button on a word that I 've looked up to add a word to my word list , which is exactly what I need . But there 's a major drawback in that it does n't store my words in permanent memory , so once you lose the power source you lose your list . They 've obviously engineered the battery compartment to easily open and it is . But it can be clumsy in closing and more importantly it opens too easily -LRB- I also wonder about it 's durability -RRB- . As such I recently lost my entire list -LRB- 2 - 3 books worth of reading -RRB- and that 's a real bummer . As well the flash card feature could be improved . Placing words in the middle of the screen in bigger bolder letters would be nicer . The randomizer algorithm is n't that great , it will often reselect the same word 2 even 3 times in a row and it will often cycle between a small group of words.The speaking feature was a nice bonus . It wo n't speak in a human voice obviously , but the pronunciation is sufficient enough for a EFL speaker -LRB- I 've seen some ESL complaints -RRB- . The thesarus , bookman expandability , games and calculator are nice plusses.The LCD screen could be better . Depending on lighting it will throw a shadow over top line.Overall I am pleased with this unit , but would 've paid more for a better word list capability and a better screen .
 I received my Franklin Mws-1840 today and I must say I was pleasantly surprised with the unit after reading so many negativereviews . I think it is a great product.One reviewer said he could not read the first line.This happens if you read the screen at an angle.If you read the screen directly the first line isas clear as the others.There was a complaint about the clarity of thepronounciation.I found the pronounciation to be clearer thanI expected . Remember the speaker is at theback of the unit so you have to be careful notto cover the speaker with your hands.There was a complaint about limited vocabulary.This can be corrected by plugging in theAdvanced Dictionary and Thesaurus Bookmancard ADV-2002AE at the back of the unitfor $ 19.95 . There was a complaint about the size of the letters.The unit has adjustable fonts which means youcan adjust the size of the letters.When youput in the batteries the unit comes on withmedium sized letters.You can increase thesize to large by selecting : Tools/Tool settings/Type size from the mainmenu and changing type size to large.One thing I agreed with the reviewers on is the shapeof the unit.I would have preferred the face of theunit to be flat rather than curved.I also think that the keyboard could have been abouthalf an inch longer so that the keys could have beenbigger.After all this is a desktop model so it doesnot have to be as compact as it.Otherwise I think it is a great product . I 'm impressed .
 When I purchased this product I was unsure of how much use I would get out of it . Much to my delight I have now discovered I can not image living without it . Both my daughter and I use it frequently , she for the games mostly . The speaking feature something that has surprised me in how much we have used . For the slight additional expense it is worth the cost . In playing around with it , the only complaint I have is that the words included in the SAT word list seem way to simple . Surely the SAT has not decreased it 's vocabulary level this much in the 20 years since I took it .
 I 've had mine for at least 11/2 years and have had to change the batteries only once so far . Granted , I do n't use it constantly , but when I do , the word I 'm looking for is stored 80 % of the time . That said , I have to add that I 'm often looking for words in more specialized fields that I can then only find in big and bulky dictionaries . I love this gadget because whenever I come across a word I have n't heard or read before I can quickly type it in and usually get an explanation . I give it only 4 stars because a -RRB- sometimes the explanation contains more words I have to look up , and not enough examples to understand it easier , and b -RRB- because it is not backlit . I understand that a backlight uses more power , but maybe an added lithium battery for just such a purpose -LRB- preferably rechargeable -RRB- would do the trick so it does n't get too heavy . Either way , while a clear plastic flipcover would be a good idea to protect the keys , I have not had a problem with keys getting stuck or any other issues . I am overall very happy with this product and recommend it to anyone who likes to expand his vocabulary or who simply has fun with words .
 The Franklin MWS-1840 is a great product ! I 'm an avid reader and I love looking up new words whenever I see them . So when my old electronic dictionary did n't know the definition of unusual words , I succumbed to looking them up words on-line . This dictionary holds an insurmountable amount of definitions and pronounces them for you ! To give you an idea of how the definition sounds , go to yahoo 's dictionary reference where they do . wav pronunciations of words . Voice is n't bad at all and it will definitely help you with pronunciations . There is also a headphone jack , which is perfect when you are in class or at the library . The games are simply fabulous and word list is going to be crucial for my SATs . With the pronunciations , games , and the word list 's it is already worth the money . It also has a grammar guide , which is great for fledglings in English grammar like myself . With an eclectic selection of book cards , translators , encyclopedias , games , and dictionary expansions , this gadget becomes nothing less then remarkable . Was this product worth the price ? Yes , and I would have paid even more for it .
 This is the second I buy , this time for someone else . This speaking dictionary is practical , non-obtrusive , and at the right price . As a writer , I highly recommend it .
 I ordered this product late in the evening on the 26th . This was in my hands on the 29th using ground shipping . I love how quickly it was fulfilled and completely accurate . I 've ordered a couple of products on Amazon from Skybox-USA and have always had fantastic service and shipping times.The product is as-promised and works great . The screen is a bit small but the adjustable font size makes it perfect .
 I bought this for my mum as she is restudying english and subjects , she found this extremely helpful with pronoucing words and understanding words she didnt know how to spell properely . The only thing is that the speakers voice is quite hard to make out , she has no problem with it but i personally do n't understand what it says.I guess its up to personal skill?Its still helpful though .
 Great product . No technical difficulties . I have been using this for more than 2 years and finding it very useful .
 I am an ESL , frankly was deceived by all the positive comments on the 1st page and thus bought this ... So I use 5 stars on this page to warn other people that please please read all the comments especially hiding on the other pages before you make a purchase.I do n't know who is their target market ? but it is not an ideal tool for ESL , considering the over-complicated definitions and no reliable pronunication .
 I have been using my old one 4 years ago . I lost it and I got this one .
 This `` AMAZON '' sold item was in good condition , service timely and communication outstanding . Unusually quick response to inquiries highly recommend for costumers who look for these qualities while doing business .
 This product is an excellent tool for students learning both speaking and spelling of words . Also , it has the ability to correct mis-spelled words .
 My wife bought this same model dictionary about 10 years ago . We have both found it very useful and reliable . We purchased this one for our grandson based on our good experience with the previous one ... which still works just fine . He is really thrilled with it and has been showing me some of the capabilities like the `` learn '' color key feature to list new words learned . The `` say '' feature is very helpful to him to get the correct pronunciation when he encounters a new word . I find it much quicker for myself that getting the Webster out of the bookcase or looking it up on Google .
 this is a tremendous help when learning phonics without the help of a professional teacher . it is definately a must have !
 This Speaking Merriam Webster Dictionary works great , I would buy another if I had to .
 This is an item that is hard to be without once you 've had one . It is a great help in preparing to teach the adult Sunday School class . When it accidently got dropped and was not functioning , a replacement was needed . Glad it was still available . It also helps a poor speller write correctly .
 I am someone who is trying to build up my vocabulary , and I find the MWS-1840 indespensible . When reading and encountering a word I did n't know , I use stop reading , grab a dictionary , and look up the word , re-read the sentence , and then continue . This was very distracting to say the least . To maintain my focus on what I 'm reading , I changed my habit to simply jot down the word and look it up later . By doing that , I gained more focus on my reading , but lost the context of how the word was used which makes it less likely for me to remember it . After seeing the MWS-1840 , I thought how good it would be great to have it by my side while I was reading a book . I could get a definition within 5 to 10 seconds , rather than 1 to 2 minutes it would take looking through a dictionary . During my first trial of using it while reading , I quickly became very happy that I bought it . I was able to look up the word quickly and still keep my mind totally on the story . Wonderful ! The unit comes with a thesaurus , games , and a learn program to help you keep a list of words you want to learn . The speaking section is n't too bad , in my opinion . For example , I typed in `` denouement '' and it actually pronouced it correctly in French ! The MWS-1840 was really designed to be used at the desk , and not really for lugging around . The size is about 4 '' long , 5.5 '' wide . You can hold it in two hands and type with both your thumbs . The buttons are n't very tactile , but it 's not too bad . It takes 4 AAA batteries . The LCD screen shows 8 lines of text . It 's legible , but there is no backlight , making it difficult to use in low-light , but you should n't be reading in such low light in the first place . There were words I could n't find , such as `` diaspora . '' In summary , this unit wo n't replace your large , paper dictionary , but if you need the convenience of quickly looking up a word , you 'd appreciate the MWS-1840 greatly .
 This electronic dictionary is really useful . Its built-in dictionary has more vocab than most electronic dictionaries I 've used . There are 10 games on it , which makes learning words even more fun . However , it is quite bulky , and the speaking voice sounds a bit odd at times . When I bought the unit , I also bought an encyclopedia bookman card , which just increased the dictonary 's functions dramatically . I really like the unit .
 When I bought this dictionary , I was n't sure that I 'd really ever use it . Not only do I use it , but now everyone in my family uses it ! The family also likes the thesaurus . As an added bonus , this little dictionary is easy to carry with you.Our paper dictionary sits in the corner gathering dust . We only use it for place names and famous people 's names , which the electonic dictionary seems to have in short supply.I highly recommend the Franklin dictionary .
 This dictionary has the same definitions and words as my Merriam Webster , Home and Office Edition which I think is useful for those who are looking for a small , compact electronic dictionary . Some disadvantages - You ca n't upgrade it and you ca n't count on it replacing a large hardback dictionary.Its small enough to take anywhere and convenient on-the-go . No need to stop , figure out spelling , and turn to the right page . The vocabulary is sufficient and the pronunciation is okay . Although I have little use for the speaker , I found the pronunction a bit censored . It will not pronouced words such as anal , boob , or anything like that . Thats fine with me , I was checking to verify another reviewer 's complaint . Overall everything else is satisfactory .
 This dictionary is easy to use and is actually quite fun to play with . I find myself looking up a lot more words than I used to . The speaking voice does n't sound like a real person talking , but it is good enough to give you a sense for how you should say the word . The only disappointment is that there are not more words in this dictionary - about 10 % of the words that I 've looked up have not been in here .
 Esglish is my second language and it 's been a year that I 've moved to US . I wanted an easy to use dictionary for everyday and college use . First when I read the reviews about this product -LRB- Franklin MWS-1840 -RRB- , I was a bit disappointed and almost did not buy the product . But finally I decided to take the risk and test it for myself . Now I am pretty happy with my purchase and I find it very useful , efficient and fun to use . I think the pronunciation is adequate since it should be used as a guideline to pronunce the vowels correctly which I found it very sufficient . Also I think the screen is easy to read if you angle the product in a proper way . But it would be nice if the company adds a backlight to the next version of this product or even provides some accessories such as a case to protect it.Overall I 'm glad I bought this product and I think it is useful for DSL students or anybody who might use an English to English dictionary .
 I just bought this for my 10 year old son . He is starting to read more challenging books and is encountering many unknown words . This item is great beacuse it is easy to use and also provides the correct pronunciation . It is much more fun for him to enter words and hear them versus use than using a paper dictionary.In addition , the hangman game is fun to play . The crossword helper is also a neat plus.Drawbacks
 Has excellent keyboard , multi function unit . Qualities that would be very useful to most , but not all . Good eyesight is a must , enthusiastic about words , and you have the unit that will deliver analytical and critical writing , communicating skills.Talking is professional . . My problem is the instructions , and in the type print that is difficult to see and or understand . But that is me , and my aptitude . This unit does games , calculates and one can buy all kinds of goodies . High teck , for such a small cost . Was going to return , but changed my mind .
 this is the most useful/funniest thing ever . pretty funny to type a really funny quote in the middle of class and press say . hahah its a real good accessorie
 What the hell do EFL and ESL mean ?
 This is very handy and useful it talks to you , defines many words , and is easy to carry around , but it would be better if it pronounced more words . But overall , its very good and is worth buying
 Upon first use , I found myself wanting to learn a lot of new words . This is a great tool for instant word lookups . It will definitely come in handy when reading books , as I hate having to pause to open up a big dictioonary.Someone mentioned that they could n't turn on their unit . The same thing happened to me initially . After removing and reinserting the batteries everything was fine . I believe this is due to the black screw on the battery hatch cover
 Very happy with this 1840 . Just what I wanted especially since the text and contrast are adjustable . SJ
 I am surprised that this dictionary is still being sold -- with all the high tech tools available . I purchased one about 5 years ago for my kids who were in grade school , they 're now in high school and are still using it . Sometimes a definition is not clear so they need to use a real dictionary or go to an on-line dictionary for clarification . Most times , this gadget is all they use to get through a book or assignment . Although the screen can be bigger and with a backlight , and sometimes keys get stuck , it is the best investment I 've made for a such a useful electronic gadget . Quite amazed at its durability after years of owning one and mainly used by kids -LRB- e.g. , banged around , buried under books , toys , etc. . -RRB-
 This dictionary is not only a great resource for the English language but features a capability to include a second dictionary.The functions of this device are designed for speed and accuracy . The price is competitive and delivery is fast.I would not hesitate to recommend this dictionary .
 I 'd like to make sure mw-1840 is a english-englsih speaking dictionary rather than a spanish-english dictionary , because I saw that a mw-1840 in Circuit City is spanish-englsih dictionary.Moreover , I found one kind of speaking electronic dictionary thatcan only speak INTERPRET and can not speak INTERPRETER , INTERPRETABILITY , INTERPRETATION . Does mw-1840 have the similar problem ?
 Just expressing my gratitude and satisfaction with this little fella ! I have lived in US for 2 years -LRB- I am from Brasil -RRB- and of course have some fluency in English . But being far from US , the words pronounciation is always a problem , as you start not hearing spoken English frequently . The Speaking Dictionary , helps us solve questions everytime and I always say
 It does what I need it to do and was not very expensive . Mostly metal with a cardboard back . Looks like it will hold up for a fairly long time . Lots of room for papers . Mostly use it as a mailbox .
 Just got this for my home owner 's association board meetings . Has good sound quality and does the job . My only complaint is with the wiring . The cords are nice and long to be able to reach from our office to the meeting table on the main floor , which is fantastic . But the wires are easily tangled since one cord goes to the main unit then splits off for the power line , the phone line and there 's also a video connector . Being used , I did n't get instructions with it so it took me a couple of minutes to figure out the connections . Since the wires are all connected instead of being separate , it makes them a little unmanageable - except for the power adapter which detaches from the main line half way up the cord . I 've used a couple of wire wraps and color coded tape to identify which is which for other board members who are not as electronically literate as I.Beside that , I would recommend this product .
 Phone works great and was NIB . I already have one Bogen Teleconference Phone like this so it was an easy choice to buy another .
 These chips have n't been sold for quite some time . The new chips are black . Do they work ? Google BioPro and many sites come up with phones with chips on them . The results are amazing if they 're not staged . Better safe than sorry.Also , there is a life to these chips and they need to be replaced at some point ... not sure when that is .
 Cost of removing a brain tumor -LRB- Craniotomy -RRB-
 I really just wanted a few normal , ordinary , common everyday fine point sharpies . The twin tip markers were `` only '' a few dollars more . I likely would not have bought these larger markers had I seen them in person . The ubiquitous fine tip markers are a constant success because they hit the right size and shape long ago . Too much of a good thing makes it less so , in this case.The chisel point is cut at 45 degrees , making it a left-handed italic nib . Alas , I 'm right handed , and would have preferred a straight cut chisel point . I now have essentially a lifetime supply of markers that are larger than I like , and do n't write as I might have liked .
 For anyone interested in the pen instead of shipping issues , the pen is great . It has an extra fine point -LRB- .5 mm -RRB- , which I love . It always leaves crisp clean lines when writing . I tend to find when using pens with thicker points that they can leave smudgy looking lines .
 For a few years now I have used a fountain pen as my primary pen at work and every where else.But then I received one of these free in a office supply shipment and I immediately fell in love . It 's a guilty love and I still use my fountain pen outside of work but in the office I remain faithful to this guy.Honestly , I did n't even know I was using a micro point until I went to reorder them . I usually perfer a medium point . This pen writes incredibly smooth and leaves a nice bold -LRB- but not fat -RRB- line . And the added benefit of being acid free and that it 's not easily `` washed '' by a forger is icing on the cake for me.It has a nice comfortable grip and my hand does not fatigue easily when I use it . They are sold in smaller quantities here and elsewhere if you do n't want to commit to a 12-count box . But I would definitely encourage others to try this pen out .
 One of the best pens available for general purpose writing - crisp lines , good quality and durable ink , good comfortable form factor . Lots of attorneys and physicians use these pens daily . Hopefully , they never stop making them . Great price for this box on amazon .
 Best pens ever . Picked one up at a trade show and bought four boxes of different colors a week later . These are the best pens I have ever come across and I am a bit of a pen connoisseur . I particularly like the micro point version .
 I write small so these work well and write smooth , and I love the color , best red I ever used .
 Decent pens for the price . I 'm a math teacher and use them for grading work and they write well and I like the fine point enabling me to write fairly small and not have the ink bleed .
 This type of pen is the best I have found for everyday use in the office , when I need the color red . These are not found in stores except with other colors and by far , this is the easiest and best place to get the best red pen .
 Part of what I do on a daily basis includes reviewing hand written and printed field reports from our engineering technicians , so I 'm always looking for a good micro tipped pen . Most micros out there should n't even be labeled as such due to the thick lines and amount of ink they put out . The Signo 207 Red Micro breaks that mold . It has one of the finest tips and ink line out there , which allows revisions between the lines to be legible , and not a hard to read blob of ink . A must have if you need to hand edit or revise papers or reports .
 I absolutely love these post-it index cards . I especially like that they do n't get floppy or curly or crushed . Etc. . I use them for to-do reminders , for notes to other people , for everything that I have used post-it notes for -- and more . I have a pack in every room .
 Item arrived very quickly and in excellent shape and packaging . Very happy with this purchase ! Because of my good experience I will be a return customer as I need more items like this !
 This lab notebook came on the day I expected it and it is exactly what I wanted . It has better value than the ones at my university . Cheaper and more pages . Very happy .
 it is really a very good item and I like very much , my mum loves it , my dad wants to by one as well !
 I was so glad to find a source for these notebooks , having used them at work in the past . They are sturdy , and a great size . I use one for each development project , and I 've used some of them for years . Excellent paper , robust binding .
 I bought two of these and they arrived actually before they were suppose to . They are actually better than I expected . They are nice and big so you can staple 8.5 `` x11 '' sheets into them . The color contrast is great between the greenish paper and whatever writing utensil you are using .
 The product came in great condition and is what I was expecting to receive . It fit the description featured on the website .
 I knew what I wanted when I went looking for this product , and I had all but given up prior to finding this one here at Amazon . Upon receiving it , it was exactly what I was hoping for and has been my logbook for all work regarding my college thesis . I know where I 'll be getting these in the future ! -LRB- And for such a reasonable price too , jeez -RRB-
 The flexible and sturdy binding makes this notebook great for students . The paper is high quality and a good product .
 Good . Everything I expected ... ... ... ... ... . ... ... ... ... ...
 I had to get a design notebook for a class i am in at university , and my teacher recommended this one . I 've been using it for a month now and I like it . the grid is faint enough not to get in the way of writing , there 's plenty of border space to add notes to after the page is filled , the cover is surprisingly strong , pages are numbered , ect ... I have n't really found anything bad about this book . It might be a little expensive but it is quality .
 These are great quality books ; it is apparent from the first look at them . They have thick paper , solid covers , and numbers -LRB- front and back of pages -RRB- . I do n't like the 4x4 -LRB- 5x5 is my style -RRB- , but made the sacrifice because the quality of product is so useful.I 'm giving it four stars because the edge of the binding was coming up a bit -LRB- purely cosmetic -RRB- and the grid was 4x4 . If those two things are not an issue , this product will not disappoint .
 This is the best engineering notebook money can buy . It is inexpensive , yet will last many years , will take abuse , each page is has 1/4 '' graph paper , and you can staple in a full 8-1/2 '' x 11 '' piece of paper .
 I 've used at least six of these notebooks over a few years as an engineer and as a lab notebook in college -LRB- in my opinion , they 're too expensive for class notes -RRB- . These notebooks last a good long time , and the margins are convenient for notes and cross-references to other pages -LRB- the pages are numbered -RRB- . They are ideal for research notes , drawings , diagrams , for taping graphs to to the pages , and for writing reference tables that you might want to flip back to again and again and again . I 've seen many scientists and engineers also using these books since they 'll last long enough to reference . Good notebook , lasts a long time .
 My 8 year-old needed this for her advanced placement math class . I live in Hawaii and was unable to find a graph-paper composition book here on the island . So I purchased this . It is very nice , but a bit larger than most composition tablets for elementary school students . Also a bit higher quality -LRB- and higher priced -RRB- than most tablets for elementary students.I think this is more intended for a high school or college student . But being over-qualified for 3rd grade is n't necessarily a bad thing . I 'm glad I was able to purchase this online .
 I love the larger pages making it easy to paste in drawings and papers . Ideal for any Engineer or Lab tech to keep track of their work and ideas .
 This sounds stupid ... . but as somebody with ADD , making colorful notes and graphs in this notebook has helped me a lot with my calculus class . The pages are large , the paper is high quality and ink will not run through to the other side . I love it .
 I think the paper is high quality , and I particularly like that all of the pages come numbered . I do n't know if you 've ever had to number every single page in a composition notebook , but it is n't the most rewarding task . The only complaint I have is that overall the shell is a bit too compliant . I wish there had been a stiffer material used for the front and back covers .
 a durable notebook with thick pages , each numbered . a4-size paper fits in it perfectly -- amazing ! do n't know how it could be better . great design notebook which is good for legal reasons
 I am very pleased with this notebook . There is not much to tell . Pages are plentiful and large . All pages contain square grids . Its easy to organize my data and lab notes . This is a good notebook .
 Basically it 's just a `` graph paper '' notebook , but I had to purchase it for a class . It 's certainly quality product but a bit unnecessary .
 My fried who works for OVGuide -LRB- Online Video Guide -RRB- really wants this notebook . I am so glad to find it here . I bough 4 of them . I should have buy more . It was made in Canada .
 The manufacturer 's description of the notebook is accurate . In addition , the cover protects the interior quite nicely and the paper weight is heavy . A cloth spine binds the notebook together and appears to be fairly tough.I purchased two of these notebooks initially to test their usefulness as a note taking medium at the Naval Test Pilot School . After one week of class and homework , I have used the first 50 pages . The paper is truly a joy to write on . The quad rule lines are perfect for writing notes , drawing graphs and charts , and using equations . I have found that my handwriting has improved noticeably as I try to use not only the horizontal lines but the vertical lines to aid letter and word spacing.The cloth spine binds the pages closely together , making the last inch of the left page unusable in the first 30 pages . Since the right side of the notebook has more pages and is heavier , it tended to lay flat while the left pages curved away from the table to meet the binding . This problem may be visualized by trying to read the beginning of a large paperback book that is laying with the right side flat on a surface . I was able to compensate for this issue somewhat by creasing the left page as close to the spine as possible , but still wound up with the last inch of the paper without a solid surface under it . This problem will likely diminish as I near the center of the notebook and then switch to the right side as I get near the end.Despite the issue with the unusable space , I really enjoy using these notebooks . After seeing how fast I am going through my first one I purchased 4 more , and intend to keep using them throughout my year at the school .
 I started using these back in the late ' 90 's -LRB- * gasp * -RRB- when I was an undergraduate . I have at least 20 of them on my shelf - each from a different class - and I still refer to them from time to time . They have held up exceedingly well.Now that I 'm doing my grad work , I 'm glad to see they 're still available . I just bought a dozen of them , to use for school and for other projects . They are perfect for engineering , math or science notes and projects . The pages are larger than 8.5 x11 , so you can easily staple or glue handouts into them . The front and back cover are sturdy and tough , and the binding is strong but flexible . The 1/4 '' grid spacing is great for drawing schematics or charts or graphs or whatever you need to do . Good quality paper too.I have a few Ampad computation books too , which I bought when I could n't find these , and they -LRB- the Ampads -RRB- are inferior . The paper is rough and pulpy , and the spine _ much _ too stiff -- it wo n't lie flat on the table . One of the nice things about the Nationals -LRB- used to be called Avery , but still # 43648 -RRB- is that you can `` crack '' the spine and the book will lay flat.If you 're an engineering student , this is the book you want to buy .
 I use these notebooks for my lab work and I think they are great . I wanted several things without pay too much and this has it . * The green color is easy on the eyes * the pages are already numbered * the size allows you to paste a full 81/2 x 11 printout into it when necessary * the binding holds through lots of abuse and lays open * enough pages to last but not be heavy -LRB- part of why I prefer a soft cover -RRB- * paper is thick enough that writing does n't show through to the other side * at $ 7 a piece , this also happened to be the cheapest notebook that came close to what I wanted.If I were to wish for one thing different , it would be 5x5 squares per inch instead of 4x4 but that is seriously difficult to find and not everyone 's preference .
 I use this wonderful notebook as my `` Kitchen Book . '' I love to cook , and frequently make up recipes or modify recipes I find online . With this notebook , I can write out my recipes and note any changes made or substitutions - kind of like a kitchen reference book.Things I love about this notebook :1 . It 's thin - surprisingly thin , considering the number of pages and weight of the paper - which leads me to :2 . Paper quality is just right . Not too thick , not too thin . It takes the weight of my .5 mm TUL pen without bleeding through the other side .3 . Numbered pages - perfect . The very last page is where I write down the name of a recipe after writing it out , then indicate the page number . Useful to not have to categorize on the fly , I can just scan the list .4 . Width & margins - oh , the beautiful margins ! Perfect for making little notes ! 5 . Lays flat - This is the first non-spiral notebook I 've ever used that lays perfectly flat without a messy spine break .6 . Binding and cover are both high quality and have so far lived up to the beating of a mad chef .7 . Grids - the grids are just light enough to be ignored if you want to , but not so light that you ca n't use them . I have rather precise handwriting , so the grids are * very * useful.Overall , I 'd have to say this is one of the best notebooks I 've ever owned . I typically buy Moleskines , but the paper quality has diminished over the years -LRB- too much bleed through when using ink -RRB- - I 'm glad to find a replacement ! I do wish they had another color -LRB- black ? red ? -RRB- as I 'm planning on buying another one for work , but I 'll make do for such an excellent notebook !
 This thing is an incredible notebook for lab use . The binding is very strong and I have no fear of losing pages no matter how much I abuse this . Considering how inexpensive this is anyway may as well NOT save a buck by buying some cheap notebook . The grid paper is also very convenient -LRB- worth mentioning since not all notebooks use grid paper -RRB- .
 I have used these notebooks for many years . Back at my first job in the 70s we were each issued one and I was hooked . I now use them for all my random notes , lists , to-do items , things I do n't want to misplace or forget , etc. . These notebooks provide a record of my life these past 30 years . The quality is great , they are sturdy , and they are a real pleasure to use . The size of the sheets is large enough to fit a lot of information and because the sheets are thick , you can easily fill both sides . Also , because they are distinctive looking , I can always find my current notebook quickly when I need to use it . I plan to use them for the rest of my life !
 As the subject of the review states , this is a great product -LRB- we order a lot of them for physics majors -RRB- , that was sent very quickly and well packed . Thank you !
 NO PROBLEMS AT ALL . VERY WELL HANDLED . EXACTLY WHAT I WAS NEEDING FOR FAMILY BUDGET KEEPING . WIFE IS NOT TOO THRILLED ABOUT KEEPING SO CLOSE A SPENDING RECORD .
 I like those notebooks for my lab work.They are big and a letter size paper can fit into itIt is also numbered which is good for indexingI recommend buying this nice notebook
 This is a very handy notebook for retaining technical notes . We have used these at work for decades . They allow engineers and technicians a good way to pass down knowledge to later generations of technical workers . The grid is easy to use for writing and for drawings .
 We have tried many different cordless phones with answering machines and this is the best one we have had yet . It has a sleek design and great features . We wanteda unit that included call waiting/caller id , one that displayed new messages in some fashion -LRB- this unit has a blinking light with how many new messages you have since the last retrival -RRB- , and had volume control for the handset as well as incoming and outgoing messages . Initially we did n't think we needed the extra hand set , but are using it by a computer and it is great . Interferance problems with the TV and microwave in the kitchen -LRB- where we have the main unit -RRB- have been minimal , which was a big problem with othercordless phone/answering machines we have had in the past . For the price , this is a great phone/acnswering machine combination !
 Prompt delivery and I love this phone very much .
 The Rediform 57-803 Hardcovere visitor register book , 128 pages , burgundy cover , 8-1/2 x 9-7/8 book is the perfect answer to register visitors to the musuem/school that my sister is associated with and part of its staff . I was happy that I was able to purchase this item for her after many weeks of trying to find the type of register book needed , namely not only name , address , date , but the email address too ! This was a find .
 I love Avery labels . They are the highest quality labels that I have ever bought . With excellence of product and service often comes a higher price . Not so with Amazon . They have the best prices of any place I checked . And that 's with no sacrifice in quality or timeliness .
 Colors are green , yellow and pink . Yellow and pink respond to black light , green does not . Obviously most people would n't care , but yellow and pink were sufficient to outline the pushers and pucks of my air hockey table .
 If you need a dedicated fax machine for a small or medium sized off then the Brother 2800 may be just the right choice . It is a solid performer that offers a low cost per page and includes pretty much every feature that you would need in a black and white fax machine.Nowadays it is not particularly sexy to `` just '' be a fax machine , but in many situations you are better off having a fax machine seperate from your copy machine , seperate from your printer . At our 20 person office that is certainly true . We had a multifunction machine and it was used to much which created lots of complexity for those of us sharing it . LInes waiting for a fax to be received so we could print , waiting to make copies while a long document is printing , and confusion over how to install and setup access for everyone 's PC.We tried to find a less expensive standalone machine but could not find one that seemed well buiilt and cost effective . The color fax machines are ink jet based and cost a lot more per page . My experience with inkjets is that they also require more maintenance . The Borthe 2800 has a straight through paper path which has not jammed for us , and we 've had no issues with paper feeding.I think that for a really small office of 1-5 people that a multi-function unit makes sense , but for anything larger you need seperate machines . If that 's the case , the Brother machine is a good choice in fax machine with its laser output , high paper volume , full feature set , and relatively simple interface .
 I purchased this fax two weeks ago . I use it several times a week both incoming and outgoing . The toner save feature is excellent . Copies and incoming faxes are clear and easy to read . I really like it over the all-in-one Canon that I had been using . It 's a relief not to have it tied into my computer . The only reason I gave it only a 4-star rating has to do with legal-sized paper . When there are several pages going thru , and they start to come out of the feeder , they tend to not come all the way out and get in each other 's way . . somehow or other this will create every other page to turn itself over . You may have to watch the fax in process , in order to keep your pages from doing this and eventually falling out of the guide . I have not experienced any problems using letter-sized paper at all . Overall - it 's well worth the price . The phone which comes with the unit is a nice added extra . The fax machine comes with a very easy-to-follow guide for set-up and also a good reference manual . Brother asks that you fax them the product registration form after you set it up . They say they will fax you back within 24 hours to let you know your fax is working fine and your product is registered . They did not fax me anything . I did this twice . I also sent them 2-emails to register the product - no response there either . I also emailed them to let them know I did not receive a response to either forms of registration , no response there as well . I also tried to call them , however , after holding on for about 20 minutes , I gave up . I hope that the machine continues to give me the good service that I have been experiencing because it does n't appear that Brother responds quickly or at-all . A word of advice , keep your receipt for the equipment , just - in - case ... Thanks for reading .
 After going through 2 panasonic fax machines and having to but cartridgres every 7-10 days this fax machine was a godsend the toner that came with my machine lasted for about 4 months and I receive faxes on a daily basis . The machine was so easy to set up and it practically works by itself . On my Panasonics I would have to sit there and hand feed thing I had to fax 1 by one I dont have that problem anymore . The images that you send and receive are so quality that my job called me because they could tell I had brought a new machine . I would recomend this machine to anyone with a small business or who works from home because the quality is great . It cost a little more but it well worth it .
 I am very happy with the performance of this fax machine . It is much faster and easier to use than any other fax machine I have used in the past . Have n't had to replace toner yet , but from what I can tell the per page cost is excellent compared to thermal and ink jet machines . And , you wo n't have to make a copy of every thermal faxes you recieve , or replace thermal paper rolls like on the cheap plain paper models . I learned from past mistakes with cheaper machines and this one is well woeth the money .
 After fighting and cursing through paper jams with a series of Panasonics -- this is truly the ultimate machine.Simple to set up and program -- this wonderful machine almost runs itself .
 I bought this fax machine last christmas and am very happy with it . I did not want a fax through my computer or printer , just wanted a stand alone . My only problem is
 We 've had the 2800 for several months and it has worked well . Distinctive ring works every time . Setup was easy . Rarely the autofeed takes more than one sheet at a time . Overall , we 're impressed . For a small office or home office , it 's a great fax . The only drawback we encountered was that the initial toner cartridge does n't last long so be prepared to replace it soon .
 Put a pillow behind it and it helps my back from strain . For such a simple thing it does work .
 I am happy with it . It helps to keep a back support to relieves stress to your back . Excellent !!! . Comfort and support .
 This product was perfect in every regard . It gives strong support without being bulky and obtrusive . It 's light weight , can be moved from chair to chair and is well worth the cost .
 Great for deep office chairs . Makes them a good 3-4 inches shorter and adds support.Leaned they are available at dollar store , so perhaps $ 6 is too steep . But worth $ 6 regardless for what they do
 Original review 9/11/12
 I am really glad that I bought Back support product with a very good price . I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to avoid back problem due to sitting long hours whether behind the wheel or in the office to use this product . You ca n't find a better deal than this .
 First day using this back support and I already feel such a difference . It was really easy to slip over my office chair . It provides the perfect amount of support and is very comfortable .
 Bought a few for my coworkers and I . We all now sit in comfort in our office chairs and we love it .
 Shipped righf away and arrived in good shape . Helps relive lower back pain . Used every day and is a very durable product . This is our second one . Well worth the price .
 This support seat is terrific , especially for the price ! It 's comfortable and the mesh is great for air circulation . I sit in my chair often because of a chronic health condition , and most pads get a bit annoying after a while . This is still comfortable and cool for extended periods of time .
 Received this product very quickly . Very comfortable and provides great support . My only concern is that the one strap on the back does cause it to slide around a little bit . Not so much that it is n't usable . It just needs some adjusting throughout the day .
 I purchased this one , then i purchased one at Walgreens before this one arrived . WOW what a difference , this is not cheap , well made and does a great job of support .
 I was very amazed the item arrived so quick . I 'm happy with the product . This will stop me from sweating my back on the leather seat .
 Awesome product . Instead of purchasing an expensive ergonomic chair , just order one of these . It comes out of the box ready to use . Definitely gives a lot of support for any part of the back . I recommend buying this product .
 I 'm a professional driver . The seats I use already provide decent lumbar support . Instead , I choose to use this product . The mesh provides good air circulation while sitting for extended periods . It 's also flexible to increase comfort . There 's an elastic band to keep it secured to the seat so it does n't fall over every time you get up , or adjust your body position . I highly recommend this product .
 Do n't complain . It was $ 2 and it does it 's job . Mine has not been removed from my computer chair since I got it .
 This is a great product and what a great price . Everywhere else I checked it was $ 30 + -LRB- even Walmart could not beat this price -RRB- . I use it every day at home . When I get a temp job I take it with me to work . You never know what kind of chair they have and this is a real back saver . I was just in an auto accident on July 11 , 2011 and this has helped with the pain that I have been having . If you are sitting on the fence about this back support item order it . You ca n't lose . It 's light weight and portable.Prices on item elsewhere : Walmart
 I was searching for this in the local stores , and found it . I had tried it at someone houses and feel in love with it . The only difference was that through Amazon , it cost less then half , including the shipping and handling , then in the stores .
 Provides decent lower back support . The mesh material is great for air to circulate .
 200 # sitting on it day in and day out has flattened it a bit , but I still use it . Great for hotter weather to get some air on your back in a leather chair .
 Excellent buy , works very well if you have a sensitive back to any kind of pressure . Worth the money **
 This is an inexpensive back support that does wonders for back and leg pain from sitting . I highly suggest you give it a try . It also makes a nice gift for a person who works at a desk all day , they may not know they need it . I worked in an office and took mine to work with me . Now its in my reading chair at home , I am in a lot less pain in the morning .
 Was n't to sure this would work in my car but it works great I bought 3 , 2 for me and 1 as a gift . So it is not just for the office or home chair .
 I bought 2 of this product for my wife & her secretary.Now , they both love me just a little bit more , I think!Smiling in Ct.rws
 This is my second purchase of this type of phone , that verbally annouces who calling . I 've had this phone since 2009 , with no problems at all , in fact I 've had the other since 2007 with no problems . The best thing about this phone , is that you can be in another room and can tell who 's calling just by listening . You can also chose to enable the phones built in voicemail , which allows a blinking light to inform you that there 's a message waiting . It 's a great phone that I would recommend to anyone .
 We mounted these inside of our kitchen cabinets , and use magnetic clips to hold papers , schedules and calanders , Works great ! Nice to get the stuff off the fridge .
 I really like this product . I purchased it for our family organization station . It was only $ 10 and it was totally worth it !
 The mag . strip is thin and tucks in to those spots where normal magnetic boards would never fit . I put 2 under a hutch top to keep track of bills . The magnetic strip is strong enough to hold all -LRB- unpaid :-LRB- -RRB- bills and helps keep important papers in one spot . I was happy to find a product that would work in this small space .
 I have used a couple of these now and really like them . They are simple , easy to hang , and look great . The magnets it comes with are super strong and also thin , which can make them a little difficult to pull off the magnetic strip , but they will definitely hold quite a bit . I would definitely recommend these and likely will be buying more for myself in the future .
 Whoever thought this little strip would be so strong . I keep all my children 's weekly newsletters from school up on this strip . Very easy to put up .
 the magnets are fabulously strong despite their extraordinarily small size ; the board is easy to install and can be organized with papers and pamphlets -LRB- which are easily held in place by the magnets -RRB- very easily
 Love this map ! I did n't notice until I recieved it that it includes lots of small cities , not just capitals and major cities . My small hometown is even featured , LOVE !
 The product shipped in a sturdy cardboard tube , rolled up nicely while wrapped in plastic inside the tube . I recommend not taking it out until you are ready to hang it up or lay it down with weights or tape , as the map is very recalcitrant when trying to be handled without proper preperation.As for the actual map , the contrast in colors between the states is nice , and the depictions of Alaska and Hawaii on the bottom-right of the map are quite large and very legible . A rather nice size for a casual map that is nice to refer to from time to time . The only gripe I have about the map is that I do n't feel the state capitals are distinguished enough , as you have to extensively search in states with many roadways .
 I received this today and I do n't see why others are complaining about the quality of lamination . This map costs less than it does to get a 32x50 in sheet of paper laminated , so I was n't expecting that kind of lamination and it is n't . But it 's great for what it is , and seems pretty durable to me . The packaging was better than another map I had earlier ordered from amazon -LRB- which cost more , was n't laminated and I had to return - because it came creased -RRB- . Great product for what you pay , and will suffice for most people 's needs.The colors are contrasting enough to be clearly differentiable and not too bright to look tacky . I 'm not expert so ca n't vouch for accuracy , but it was wise of them to make the roadways a little lighter so that the map remains legible , while still being able to see all the roadways .
 Sincerely , I ca n't quite understand these lamentations about the map being too thin . It came in a great shape , and it looks great on the wall . Of course if you want to tear it up , you 'll be able to do it . But if you just let it hang there - it looks nice , and you can wipe it if you wish , and you can touch it , and everything - it is laminated indeed . So no complaints about the quality.What I did not like about it is that cities and towns are not ranked according to their population , or at least this ranking is not clear . As a foreigner , I 'd rather prefer to have some basic idea about what is big , and what is small . The other thing that I did not quite like is that the main 48 states , Alaska and Hawaii are all given at different scales . Maybe it is common for maps here in the US , I do n't know , but I personally found it rather annoying . Otherwise , the map is just great .
 For the money this is perfect for an office or garage . The Laminate is not the top of the line of course . Like I said for the money it gives you enough detail for each state for anyone that wants to learn where the states are and the major cities . I would purchase another .
 This is a good map and well made . However , if you need a road map , keep looking . The roads that are shown on the map are printed so light that they almost can not be seen .
 Good map , although it does n't list Sedona AZ. . That was disappointing.Also did n't need quite so much ocean on the west side , but that 's a mere quibble .
 Love the laminated aspect but wish the placement of Alaska and Hawaii at least put Alaska at the top left-hand corner instead of at the bottom .
 Perfect for my wall.It does exactly what i needed it for.put foam backing on for pin locations.thanks
 I really like the map that we purchased . It is laminated with vibrant colors . It allows my children to mark -LRB- with push pins -RRB- all the places that we have traveled .
 Product was ordered for a classroom . It arrived quickly , in a quality container . The laminate is decent quality and I am smoothing the map out now . I am very pleased with this purchase and would order from this company again .
 I buy alot of binding combs . As stated in other binding comb reviews , the product is good quality and holds its `` curl '' . They are flexible and do not break/crack . Good quality
 I normally buy all my office supplies from Staples -LRB- I love staples , do n't get me wrong , I 'm still the highest rewards membership -RRB- but sometimes I just ca n't pass up an awesome deal . These combs are the same thing you get other places , brand name , but cheaper ! So if you are looking for these -LRB- or any of the GBC CombBind Binding Spines/Binding Combs -RRB- , get them here to save money -LRB- oh and of course use your Amazon Prime membership to save you on the shipping -RRB- .
 This was a great purchase . The item was much cheaper than other places that I have ordered from and it 's the same quality .
 I ordered this for my husband , to use in his office at work . I am very pleased with the quality .
 Class is always a plus when you meet clients , and I always like upscale items , bought this mouse pad to complete my desk set -LRB- bought the items Royce Leather -RRB- and I have to say , my desk looks amazing , the quality is nice and durable .
 The mouse pad was a gift for my sister . She immediately started using it . It was pretty soft and my sister 's happy that finally scrolling has become a simple task , the way it should be .
 I just got my new Conklin Nozac Lava Swirl fountain pen ! It is simply spectacular ! Even the case it came nestled in is quite classy . It comes with a cartridge that has a little plunger that threads up and down for filling with ink , though I had Waterman ink cartridges for my Phileas fountain pen that looked to be of similar length and dimension and tried that first . It took a little while to get the Conklin primed , and it so far writes with a drier nib than the Phileas , which writes with a very wet nib . The Phileas glides along due to it 's wet-fed nib , but so far I have to coax the Conklin a little now and then , though I find the written results to be more to my liking than those from the Phileas , which allows for little variation due to the thickly applied line that comes from the wet nib . The drier-nibbed Conklin makes for more line variation , though it does n't glide along so well . I will be curious to see how it performs as I use it more and with various inks . I have some Cross Ink -LRB- same as Pelikan 4001 -RRB- here that I will try with the plunger cartridge next . Perhaps I will drop back here for an update in the future.They are both beautiful pens , but the Conklin Nozac Lava Swirl is fat and sassy looking . It is truly a sight to hold and behold ! It actually has facetted sides , though it looks round in the picture . The facets are soft-edged . You feel them more than see them . I did n't even notice them at first . It is a fatter and longer pen than the Phileas . The gold-plated clip and trim are very nice . The clip is different than I 've seen . It is atteched by a U-shaped spring to the side of the pen . You press on the top and it opens the bottom of the clip out , sort of like a clothes pin.So far I am very happy with this pen !
 Nice little paper trimmer , but you ca n't fit a 8.5 x11 sheet longways . It 's just for small stuff . The feet really grip the surface , and the clear smudge guard holds the paper down for a nice straight cut . It 's a Fiskars , so hopefully the blade will stay sharp a long time ; their scissors sure do .
 I make a lot of Art trading cards . When I got tired of measuring and cutting by hand over & over , I tried this out & love it . For small cutting it is fast & efficient . Also I do n't get the torn edges with this guillotine cutter that I get with my mat cutter if the blade is not at perfect sharpness .
 Bought this to trim lots of small pieces of paper so they had straight edges instead of ` scissor cut ' edges . Very nice , works very well .
 I purchased this to cut various card stock , label , and paper items that I print as inserts with customer orders for my small business . It 's nice and sharp and makes cutting multiple items on a sheet quick and easy . The small size makes it easy to store , too . Definitely recommend for anyone who needs a trimmer at home .
 I bought this mini cutter to have something for papers , did n't want a huge one due to space and also having kids in the house -LRB- didnt want anything too dangerous like the guillotine one i grew up with in the house . -RRB- This is small , but if you are using it for smaller projects around the house it 's great . You ca n't really cut multiple pages , it 's only good for one sheet of cardstock at a time or two sheets of copy paper . But it does the trick . Blade has kept sharp for a few years now , and it 's holding up well !
 I bought this for my wife and her coupons , and it 's been almost a year and she loves it . It 's the right size to put away easily , but enough to cut her coupons .
 This is my 2nd one . I let my dau-in-law use my 1st . She liked it so much , I let her keep it , but I ca n't do w/o it so I bo ' t myself another .
 This fan works and it 's quiet . I do n't know what else you can really say about a fan .
 Bought 3 of these over a year and a half ago . We put hundreds of staples through these daily in a busy pharmacy . Most store bought staplers only last a week or two . These are definately the best I have seen or used ...
 Most of you who read my title are probably asking , `` Then why did you buy them if you did n't like the colors ? '' I thought I would like the colors , however they really show up on paper very pastel strong . The Pen 's themselves our fantastic , they write very well . They 're the type of pens that make you want to write more.-Tanner
 The pens were just exactly what I wanted , but can not find in our local stores . It 's a great gift for one of our neighborchildren .
 I pretty much only use the Uni-ball Vision Elite Bold in Black for day to day usage and I love that pen to pieces . So when I saw the multi-colored pack , I bought it to use for my family calendar so I can mark activities for each individual family member in their own color . Helps me glance at it and know quickly which member of my family -LRB- of four -RRB- has something important coming up .
 I bought this pack of pens a few weeks ago at a Fed-Ex Kinko 's for about the same price as the Amazon price . I admit it was an impulse purchase , but I 've enjoyed them ever since . They writer so easily and never smear , though they can bleed through the paper at times depending on it 's thickness . I use the blue and green one the most . I keep the red on hand for when I need something to stand out and I gave the purple one to my wife since she likes to write in purple ink . These pens are great for writing checks , journaling , making shopping lists , whatever you need a good pen to do . If you have bad penmanship as I do , these pens can help your sloppy writing become a bit more readable . I would definitely recommend these pens and I 'm sorry I did n't find them sooner .
 I purchased this Binder back in Dec 2009 and it still looks great . The D-ring is my favorite because you can fit more paper in it as opposed to the standard O-ring . There are two inner pockets per cover . It has a simple one touch locking lever instead of the standard two found in others . That 's actually my favorite feature , because there are times when I 'm multitasking and it use to annoy me that I had to stop whatever else I was doing to push down both levers to open the rings -- now I just push the one while using my free hand for other things . You can also fold back the front binder cover without fear of it breaking or tearing . Mines still looks great considering how rough I handle it and the number of times I 've dropped it . So it 's very sturdy . It 's also made in the USA ; which is always a plus in my opinion .
 I ordered this binder for school , and I really liked the look of it . Except the front . Usually , binders have the front sleeve in which you can put a drawing , or title page or something . Nada . This was a disappointment as I love doodling and sticking the drawing in the front of my binder . It does n't have too great of a durability but I think it 'll last me till the end of the year . -LRB- hopefully ! -RRB-
 Delivery was quick , excellent product . The single touch feature is a real winner . The D ring and spine structure make it an excellent presentation binder .
 The product was as promised and arrived quickly . Shop owner even included an extra bonus set to help compensate for shipping charges !
 This item has performed up to expectations and is an excellent product . My only suggestion for improvement -LRB- which probably only benefit old timers like me -RRB- is to provide a separate button for call and answer in lieu of the single talk button . -LRB- I am much , much older than 18 -RRB-
 The buttons are a little small on the handsets and the phones are practically cell phone size , but this is a great phone system overall and chock full of features .
 This is my second Veo Webcam . My first was free from DELL because they screwed up my upgrade order for my home computer . I love this Veo Webcam because of the spider clip that attaches itself to my flat panel screen , has a built-in microphone , has GREAT picture quality compared to the cheaper Veo models . I especially like the Veo 's software included with it ... Digital Studio ... etc. . You can communicate with friends and relatives and send them quick picture shots of yourself and your kids/grandkids , etc. , even add music , etc. . Wowie ... fun , fun , fun !!
 If you are looking for the best `` bang for the buck '' this is a great find . If you are looking for a superior image , do n't look in this price range . Installation is easy , and updated drivers are available . Plug it in and go ! The image depends greatly on the available light ... if you want to sit in a dark room and still get great images , try paying 10X . Even easier , turn on the light ! Great product , all in one , for THIS price range -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 This is a great little Webcam !!! at first I thought it was n't that great but after playing with it and adding direct light it is AWESOME . Here 's a tip-make sure you have light faceing you not behind you . The better your light the better the picture is.The Mic is a added bonus . . not only can you see someone you can talk live to them . I really like this feature . It also has great software with it . I love making videos to send in emails . It takes great snapshots too . Just make sure your lighting is good . This webcam is all about the Lighting !!! It is very easy to install also . . even a beginner will be able to install it with no problems .
 I paid $ ... for the web cam . Took about as long to get out of the box as it does instal . I 'm Getting one for each of my friends and members of my family who own a computer.The pictures are a bit choppy , yes , and you need to have a lot of light to see anything , but that 's my only big complaint ... Also not really flat screen friendly , just a bit hard to find a place to clip -LRB- also comes with a flat base -RRB- the camera to the top of the computer screen . .4 / 5 stars .
 This is the coolest camera . It has a built in mic and this cool clip that attaches to my flat pannel monitor . I was impressed with the quality of the image too .
 Okay , for those of us with sense enough to read the directions ... this camera will work great and it 's a great price for everything that 's included!I installed it on my computer and had it up and running in no time -LRB- that 's 15 minutes or less -RRB- . Picture quality is good . It focuses easily . The built in microphone is quite effective . And the NetMeeting and other features are a breeze to use . I will be purchasing four more of these cameras for my parents and siblings to use as we are scattered throughout the country . With varying levels of computer competency among us I am not anticipating any problems with installation or usage . I suppose that 's a pretty good recommendation.Now , for those reviewers who failed to read the instructions ... It says clearly , do not plug in the camera until you have installed the software - this message to the person/reviewer who got the blue screen of death.And to the reviewer with the audio problems , you probably just need a new/updated soundcard . This too would be stated in the instructions , that your microphone volume control features may be disabled because your sound card does not support a microphone volume.The instructions for set up are incredibly simple and brief , the computer basically does it all for you .
 This has been easy to use and the picture quality is beautiful . I recommend this camera .
 I bought this webcam last night and installed it on a HP Pavilion notebook running Windows ME . The software was easy to install and use , and the camera worked instantly with Yahoo Messenger , Microsoft Netmeeting and icuii . The picture quality was good , even in low light . Overall , I 'd highly recommend the Veo Advanced Connect for someone looking for an inexpensive camera for basic video chatting .
 One has to be careful while installing this webcam . According to the instructions , plugging the camera in or out at the wrong time can crash the operating system.That said , the picture quality -LRB- 640x480 -RRB- is great . Sometimes the frame rate drops to -LRB- and not just by -RRB- 1 or 2 fps -LRB- instead of being 30 fps -RRB- , which can be annoying , but wo n't make much of a difference while video-chatting over the Internet.The microphone is not so useful , because you have to get close to the webcam to make yourself audible .
 I have been with the web cam for several months and Ilove it very much . The picture quality is pretty nicein both online instant message programs and local pic-taking application . Well , the only thing I wouldcomplain about this camera is the looking
 This camera is quite good for the price . Installed it on XP , worked seamlessly . The accompanying software is pretty good too . Remember to check the Veo website for an updated driver .
 We love this game . It is a good family game that will teach the young kids really basic adding and subtracting . Very easy to play .
 This toys is great at helping reinforce addition and subtraction for young kids . I got it for my four year old so he could start learning to add .
 A fun game for kids-and not boring for adults - but fairly elementary . My 7yr old grandson likes it but it is not a great challenge-don ' t know if it will continue to entertain him .
 My 4 & 6 year old boys love this game ! It teaches addition , subtraction , evens , odds and more . By playing with his older brother , my 4 year old is catching on to basic math concepts . Great game to play with your kids .
 My kids love playing this game ! And it only took 30 seconds to learn how to play it and get started . The pieces are nice and big and heavy so they do n't flyover the board easily
 Got this for my 5 year old daughter . We played last night and it was an instant hit . Educational and fun . Ca n't beat it . I will purchase more as gifts .
 My niece got addicted to it . She MUST play with it EVERY DAY ! I 'm telling you sometimes I regret ever getting it . She keeps winning .
 I gave this to my 4 year old after reading reviews on Amazon . My toddler loves this board game . What I like is that each turn you have to add or subtract to get the number of spaces you move ahead . I help my toddler by holding up my fingers , and having her take away fingers when she has to substract , and add fingers when she has to add . She loved it so much we played three games in a row .
 got this as Christmas gift , grandkids love games , but hate math , this hands-on visual math should make learning more fun
 My 6 yr olds enjoy playing this game to practice basic math facts . I enjoy it because it does n't take long to finish the game . Short & sweet and you can always play again if you want which is far better than a kids ' game that drags on too long .
 The Sum Swamp Addition and Subtraction game is an engaging and fun game that teaches young children the concepts of addition and subtraction . My six-year-old likes some variety when I teach her math concepts , and this game makes a nice change from the usual math enrichment books with pages of worksheets in them.The game comes with a game board , 4 little critter game pieces -LRB- snail , frog , snake , and tortoise -RRB- , 2 number dice , and 1 operations die . The game is easy to play - once a game piece is chosen by each player , the piece is set on `` start '' . The player who rolls the highest number gets to play first . All three dice are rolled and the player will have to form a math operation by placing the dice in a row , e.g. 4 +1 -LRB- = 5 -RRB- . Then the player will move his/her game piece the number of spaces , in this instance , 5 spaces . The player who gets to the Finish line first wins.The game is made interesting with the inclusion of special spaces such as `` evens '' or `` odds '' ; a number space -LRB- if a player lands here , he/she will have to roll the operation die and move forwards for a plus , and backwards for a minus ; short cut -LRB- a player that lands on this follows the arrow -RRB- , and the endless loop feature.This kept my daughter and I both engaged for about 30-45 mins , and she wanted to play it again right after . I think she would get tired of it if we kept playing it over and over , but it makes for a nice change from the usual math worksheets . Also recommended is the money bags coin value game by Learning Resources .
 This is a great game for preschool thru 1st grade . I have a 4 and a 6 year old . The 4 year old now understand how to add and subtract . I give her pennies to help her count and figure out the answer herself . It 's a fairly easy game for the 6 year old because you only add and subtract numbers up to 6 . I 've thought about getting some 12 sided dice to make it more challenging , however , the board does n't have that many spaces , so it might make for a very short game . All in all , I 'm very satisfied with this game . The kids love to play it .
 I bought this game because I was looking for fun ways to slip some basic math facts practice in for my first grader . He loves the game , and gets double math practice when he plays with his 3 year old sister , by adding and subtracting for her . He 's never had any patience for flash cards , but happily plays this game . It 's most effective with someone who knows their facts well to make sure the right answers are getting drilled.The game comes with two six-sided dice -LRB- with numbers rather than dots , which is key to getting fast facts practice and not just counting -RRB- and a + / - die . We took the Sum Swamp dice and used them to play chutes & ladders as a math practice game too , and now I 've also bought a set of many-sided dice -LRB- Polyhedral 7-Die Translucent Dice Set -RRB- so we can practice with numbers larger than 6 . We use the + / - die from Sum Swamp . It 's expanded the + / - facts practice to pretty much any board game . Sum Swamp is fun , and its dice set you up with a way to do similar basic facts practice with other board games you already have .
 Sum swamp is great for helping your child work on addition , subtraction , even , and , odd . This is the first thing that got my 7 year old son interested in math . I have enjoyed watching him have fun while working on the problems . I would highly recommend for children age 4-7 .
 My 6 y.o. daughter got this for Christmas . We played it tonight twice and she LOVED it , wanted to keep playing over and over ! I think it is just right or maybe a little easy for her age , but my 4 y.o. should benefit from playing it and her sister can help her ! It 's great to hide some math learning in a fun game and the little critters are cute too !
 My daughter is age 6 and in first grade . She absolutely loves this game . Every night she wants to play sum swamp before she goes to bed . This has become her very favorite and we like how it has helped her add and subtract numbers faster .
 I teach first grade in a public school . I also have a son in third grade and a daughter in first grade . This game is fantastic for classroom centers -LRB- with adult supervision -RRB- as well as for use at home . Both my son and daugther think that it 's fun to play and have become better at doing their addition and subtraction facts as well as recognizing odd and even numbers . I definately give this game a thumbs up !
 Our daughter is 5 and in Kindergarten and she loves playing this game . It is a nice quick game , but because we love it so much , we can play for an hour or more . . -LRB- several rounds -RRB- . Great for teaching the addition/subtraction concepts . Love it !
 I gave this gift to a teacher , who asked for it for the holidays . She was thrilled to get it and she uses it in the classroom -LRB- 2nd grade -RRB- . I believe it is a great way to teach math skills for those who may not LOVE math .
 My kid is three , and she 's doing this game with finger help but she 's having fun which is all that matters .
 I love this game . I never get bored of it . And I am the parent of a 6 year old that needs to learn addition , subtraction and odd/even . I have a kid that needs to be bribed to learn something . I had tried the flash cards . Tried having her write the facts . It just was n't sticking hin her head . Because she was not interested.I got this game . The pieces are very well made and fun . They are a turtle , snake , frog and snail.My kid had no clue about odd/even before we played the game . After playing it once she had mastered that skill.You can focus on certain facts . There are two dice with 1 through 6 on it . And one dice with + and - . I wanted her to focus on the 6 facts . I took one of the dice off the board and made it a 6 . Then we rolled the other two dice . This way she could practice addition or subraction of any number and 6 . And that brings me to the downside of the game . The dice only go up to six . In our school district she needs to know up to 9 . I think I am going to do as above . I will just take one of the dice off the board . And tell her that the dice is a 7 or an 8 or a 9 . That will at least get us up to 6 . I also boughtASIN : B0009XBY3A Sleeping Queens -RSB- -RSB- And I haveCardinal Industries Double Fifteen Color Dot Dominoes in a Collectors Tin -LSB- -LSB- . Using all three is a great way to play games with your kids and have them learn their Math facts . And you have fun too !
 We have owned this game for 3 years and love it . The target age would probably be between 5 and 7 but my boys still enjoy playing this game -LRB- ages 9 , 7 , 5 -RRB- . The game not only practices addition and subtraction but also odd and even numbers . The only improvement I would recommend is additional game pieces so that more than four players can play .
 I bought this game for my six year old twin grandchildren . We all played it over the Thanksgiving holiday and loved it . I highly recommend it . It 's both educational and fun and very easy to play .
 My grandkids love this game ... and I actually do too . The girls are 6 and 7 and it 's perfect . At first I thought it looked too basic to be fun but there are some good twists and turns , such as the even/odd spaces and the endless loop . I did fib a bit about the rules ... pretended to read one that said `` If anyone shouts out the answer for anyone else , they will lose their next turn '' Worked great for the oldest that likes to do the youngest 's thinking for her !
 This game is perfect for my 5 yr old son . He loves to play , it is teaching him early addition , subtraction , and odd and even numbers . Like the other reviewers have said , it is a very quick game , perfect for his attention span . I would say it is best for kids age 4-6 .
 My four-year old daught loves the game very much and she plays a few times a day . She has a lot of fun to play , learn and win .
 I just got this game for my 6 year old and 4 year old . We have had the best time playing it ! It 's fun , easy to understand , and the math does n't feel forced at all . At no point did my children complain about doing the adding or subtracting , it all flowed very well . I could n't recommend this more highly !
 Dare I admit it ? We did n't touch anything math for several weeks , and when we did get this out even my 9 year old grandson actually seemed to even get something out of this game . I expected him to call it a baby game or not want to play , but he often did want to play . It was really meant for my 7 year old granddaughter , who needs a little work on math . She also enjoyed and played it . It 's a good game to keep kids adding and subtracting , and they enjoyed it . It did get old kind of fast , but perhaps we should get it out again soon . One thing , an adult or older child will want to play with beginners to help line up the subtraction ` rolls of the dice ' for a while , till they get the idea to put the larger number first .
 My kids -LRB- of a wide range of ages -RRB- all like playing this game , and the younger ones -LRB- K and 2nd graders -RRB- LOVE playing this game . They take it to their friends ' homes to share & play with them , and I think I can see them getting quicker with their facts all the time . A + !
 This game is fun . you move on the board by rolling dices
 This has been an awesome game for my six-year-old homeschooler . I was having trouble getting him to use his fingers and other manipulatives to do addition and subtraction , but this game inspired him to try . Now he 's got it ! I highly recommend this game !
 I have a 5 year old daughter that struggles with addition and substraction , but is very competetive - this is the perfect thing for her!She learned quickly that to keep the game going , and to do well at it , she needed to know how to do the number problems . It also helps to reinforce things other than addition and subtraction , like ` bigger ' and ` smaller ' numerical values , proper mathematical terms -LRB- like ` operation ' when referring to the addition/subtraction die -RRB- , and how to properly construct a simple math problem.Also , the quality of the game peices and the board is magnificent ! Heavy duty and built to last . I will definitely be ordering more games from this company : -RRB-
 Wow . I 've never had a game that my students loved as much as this one . The ones who are advanced with addition and subtraction love it , as do the children who are beginning with those concepts . It does n't look like it would be very exciting , but I ca n't seem to get my students to stop playing it . It 's a fairly quick game , but they do n't care , they just go back to start and play again . I get a kick out of watching them play . I ranked it a bit lower in durability simply because it 's a board game and board games are never durable . But the game board itself , playing pieces and dice are of good quality and should last a while .
 Our 4 year old daughter loves this game . I love it when she likes something that is teaching her . Great buy !
 I am a retired teacher and loved playing this game with my class . It is a fun way to help students with simple addition and subtraction . I bought it for my 4 and 6 year old grandchildren and they love it .
 I 've never written a review for a product in my life , but this game is worth starting . Rules are easy to understand . Educational and fun at the same time . My 6yr old does n't like math and this is game has been a great way to to get him to practice addition and subtraction .
 My sons are 4 yo and 7 yo and they both LOVE this game ! They played it over and over and ask to play it daily . Not only do the boys have the opportunity to work on their basic addition and subtraction facts , they get to work with +1 , +2 which works well with our Singapore Math curriculum . Lastly , they get to work on their evens/odds . This is a great game and I love that it makes math and homeschool work fun ! I highly recommend it !!
 I bought this game for my 5 year old . She loves it . I thought she might loose interest once she became more adept at addition and subtraction but it 's still a favorite . Great learning tool . When we first starting playing at Christmas it took her a bit to figure out the equation but now she 's adding and subtracting like an old pro just in a few weeks .
 We received this game for my son for Christmas . What a great educational game ! There are two number dice and one + / - die . The numbers go up to number 6 , so addition is only up to 12 . The game also introduces the concept of evens/odds . Wonderful design and seems really sturdy ! Highly recommend ! I would recommend this game for preschool - 1st grade .
 must have if you or your little kids are into math . I let my 5 yr old do all the Math and he had a blast.hope they have something for multiplication and subtraction as well . will look it up in a few yrs .
 This is the best game that could ever be made to make addition/subtraction fun for toddlers.The game involves throwing 3 dices to make move . Two dices have numbers on them , where as the third dice is the + , - operator . The child has to add or subtract numbers to make the right move.The game also teaches even/odd numbers.The endless loop in the game is hilarious . We always keep laughing on when can we get out of going around ducks!My son -LRB- 4.5 years -RRB- loves the game , and we have noticed that he can now do maths mentally as well , without drawing lines on paper.Recommend whole-heartedly .
 Great game for your lil preschooler or kindergartner . . if your child likes adding and subtracting -- they will find this so much fun ... the four year old I bought it for loves numbers so its perfect .
 I bought this to help supplement at home for my daughter . She loves this game and I love that it helps her practice her addition and subtraction . It has also given opportunity to teach about even and odd numbers .
 My kids love this game . My youngest is learning to add and subtract with it . The game makes it very simple and they love the swamp scene .
 It is a fun game . We saw it from our friend 's home . Then we order it for ourselves . It is a nice game for little kids to play .
 My 4 year old has just started single digit addition and subtraction and just loves the game.He enjoys playing it and sometimes plays on his own . A good game to get the kids to practice their math skills .
 I am so happy we bought this game ! It is easy enough for the kids to understand , challenging enough that they learn , and entertaining enough that we all enjoyy it . I could n't be happier !
 Great game ! My 3 yr old loves it and starts to understand concept of add and sub . Will recommend this product .
 Bought for my five year old nephew . I play it with him a lot . Allows kids to learn to add and subtract , as well as odds and evens . He likes that the game pieces are turtles and snakes and the like .
 I purchased this for my son -LRB- he was 4.5 yo at the time -RRB- for Christmas . We still play it a few times a week 6 mos later . I think this is the only thing he got that he play with on a regular basis . We love it ! He was doing fairly well with addition prior to playing this game and now he has a firm grasp on subtration too . He understands the difference between the + and the - and knows how to figure out the equation himself . I am so glad that I picked this up and will be giving it out as a gift for other children .
 My grandson is six , and he loves to learn . He is a whiz at reading and writing and most science subjects , but math leaves him a little short . His mom thought this game would be helpful , and indeed , the entire family enjoys playing this game . It teaches addition and subtraction with dice - fairly simple math , but it makes math fun . A lot of action , fun , laughter and learning . Now , who could ask for more ? In addition , mom and dad have ramped up their math skills . They are not going to be left behind by sonny boy!Highly Recommended . prisrob 04-05-12Qwirkle Board GameAngry Birds
 I bought this game for my grandson for Hanukkah and he loves it . In the short time -LRB- less than ten days -RRB- that he has had it , his adding and subtracting skills have greatly improved . Others have explained the game , but to clarify , only numbers one through six -LRB- on the die -RRB- are included . My grandson clearly knows now that subtracting a number from itself equals zero , 5 plus 5 is ten and 5 plus 6 is 11 . He uses his fingers some of the time but less and less each day he plays.I agree with the other viewers -- it definitely is a fun game with great potential for learning . And it is nice to have a board game to play and not a computer game all the time!BTW , my grandson has beaten me in about 12 games out of 15 . He often just has a luckier roll of the dice . The games go fairly quickly and can be over in as little as 5 or 6 minutes ... or last more than ten .
 My five year old is really enjoying this game ! It is simple addition and subtraction with numbers 1 through 6 so its perfect for a little one just learning math . Also , it is introducing her to the concepts of odds and evens . Good game for an affordable price - simple fun - no bells and whistles .
 When my son was first learning math , he was struggling . He just was n't quite grasping it as quickly as I thought he would . Well , running out of ideas to get him to want to try , I came across this game on Amazon . All the reviews were great , so I decided to give it a try . It 's great ! He was adding in no time ! And since it was finally sinking in , he started to really enjoy it , and I did n't have to fight with him anymore to do his worksheets , and practice . I am very pleased with this game . My boy is very bright , infact he 's ahead in a lot of subjects . Everybody learns differently , and it was just about finding the right way to teach him . Well , this game opened the door for him . Now , a few years later , math is his favorite subject ! :-RRB- The game is a little too expensive , but I think just about all board games are over priced . It was worth it to make something hard into something fun ! Now , my younger two , who are n't quite old enough for addition and subtraction like playing this game because they can learn counting.I always struggled with math in school , and I wish I would of had something like this !
 I 've got this game to reinforce addition and subtraction skills of my first grader - but also to have some fun in the process ! The game does all that . It has three cubes - two with numbers from 1 to 6 , and the third - the operations , '' + '' and '' - '' . There are a couple more twists that add unpredictability to the game - 1 -RRB- squares with numbers - when you land on them , you roll the operation dice , and depending on what you 've got , you need to move either forward , or return back . 2 -RRB- squares with `` odd '' or `` even '' number - if you land on them , you roll the number dice , and if the number corresponds with what 's written on a square , you move forward , if not - you stay where you are , 3 -RRB- `` Endless circle '' , which you can leave only if you land on a square named `` exit '' . So it 's really difficult to say , who will be winning , even if you were leading in the beginning , other players still can get ahead of you.I also like the figurines that are used to mark the players - they are steady , sturdy and cute . The game board , although has some decoration , has a `` clean '' look and easy readable.The game came three days ago , and we played probably twenty times already . I can already see that my daughter counts much faster than before . I am thinking of getting one for her classroom .
 Our son loves to learn using games so we 've learned a lot about what makes a great game and what does n't . A great game : . Sturdy in construction . Easy to set up . . Easy to understand instructions . . Capable of being modified as your child advances . . Teaches what is claims to teach . . Teaches without drudgery.This game scores 100 % -LRB- got to get some math in there -RRB- on all counts.It is a simple , sturdy game which teaches kids through visualization -LRB- as the pieces move -RRB- and some competition . By purchasing a simple pair of dice with larger numbers , this game can be used to teach addition/subtraction with double digit numbers as well.A great deal !
 I ordered this because I thought my third grader was having trouble learning her addition/subtraction facts but ... after playing 3 rounds of this game with her I discovered she knows them quite well ! She loves the game and it is great for learning or reviewing .
 I 'm a middle school math teacher . I bought this for the classroom to help reinforce basic skills , but let me four year-old play with it first , thinking it would be too old for him . Mostly I used it to reinforce `` number sentences '' with him . He was so motivated to play the game , within a week he was doing simple addition and subtraction and able to order numbers correctly to do subtraction.He still loves this game . I let him do all my calculations for me , always reinforcing the correct language . Someday maybe I 'll get this into the classroom !
 I 've been homeschooling for 10 years and this is one of the first games I got . It has been a hit for our whole family ! Even now when I pull it out for our youngest -LRB- age 6 -RRB- the teens want to play , too , because its plain fun . Highly recommended !
 Very good to reinforce simple addition and subtraction . . Fun not tedious . . easy for the different ages suggested.Really great game pieces to move around the board .
 This is a great game to help teach addition and subtraction . My grandson is four and loved playing the game . I used it last year with my first graders . I am at a new school this year and was looking for some of the math games I used last year . When I found it on Amazon at a good price I just Knew I had to buy it .
 Initially I thought that the length of the path is too short . But , each round never ended in 5 minutes . My 5-year-old son 's calculation time was dramatically improved .
 This is a fun and educational game . My 4 year old -LRB- almost 5 -RRB- is doing pretty well at it and having fun . I like that the game does n't feel like it was made with cheapness being a high priority as I 've bought some pretty cheap stuff lately . The pieces are rubbery and not cheap plastic . Overall 5 stars . I think this is good for 4-6 year olds.One comment though , I felt the instructions were not completely clear on some issues , but parents can decide what to do in those cases .
 My students love this game . I just bought it and took it to work and showed my students how to play . It 's easy to understand and quick to learn . My students did n't want to stop playing . I had them write their number sentences and read them aloud . The other students playing also worked the problems to verify answers.I also like that it covers other skills like even/odd .
 I just got this game for my odest son -LRB- age 5 -RRB- and it is very fun ! It 's super cute -- I especially love the swamp pieces that you move -- they are a snail , snake , turtle , or frog . You roll two number and one sign -LRB- plus or minus -RRB- dice . You add or subtract the numbers you roll and move forward that many spaces . If you land on a number , you roll the sign dice to see if you move forward or back that number of spaces . If you land on an `` even '' or `` odd '' space , you roll one dice to see if the number you roll is even on an `` even '' space or odd on an `` odd '' space . The game moves quickly and is unpredictable . I also love that my son is really starting to understand adding and subtracting in a fun way .
 I got this for my 4 year old , who loves math . It 's fun yet challenging . Highly recommend it ! It helps with basic addition and subtraction along with game-playing skills .
 My 1st grader has struggled in Math all year long . I 'm not going to say that this game has turned that around , because it has n't , but it has got her doing Math willingly , albeit unknowingly ! It 's a lot of fun to play with her and see if she is picking up on addition and subtraction . A lot of games seem to wear off , as if the novelty of them goes away , pretty quickly . This one , however , is one that we play on a weekly basis and have since she got it for Christmas . Great for a kid that may have some issues in Math , or for kids that excel , as it can only boost their self confidence .
 This is such a great game . I bought it for my grandchildren . It is so easy to play , and is understandable , without lots of directions . The 5 year old was playing and my youngest son -LRB- 10 -RRB- came up and decided he wanted to play . I thought it would be too young for him , but we both had a great time too . The 5 year old requests it every time he comes over . Great value , worth the money , and is a great fun learning product .
 The service was good and the product was as described . Good to practice numbers but very short game that gets old fast but would recomend to practice numbers .
 This is another tool I use to tutor a 1st grader in math . It 's a great and easy game and wonderful tool for learning math basics . You can even make up seperate games using the dice with the addition and subtraction symbol . If you are a parent struggling teaching your child math , games like this are PERFECT because they make learning fun .
 I bought this for my 5 year old grandson . He loves it and it is really helping him learn his 1-12 addition and subtraction facts . He is also learning about odd and even numbers . This is an easy game to learn and is much more interesting for adults to play with kids than games in which you simply move the number of squares that are indicated by dice or a spinner .
 My 5yo son loves this game . He ca n't wait to play . He is memorizing his math facts and having fun at the same time .
 This item was on my daughter 's wish list for her 5-year old son . I purchased it for him as a Hanukkah gift . Although the age recommendation is 7 yrs. , my precocious 5-year old grandson soon learned to line up the math statement with the dice and the addition/subtraction die and to do the artithmetic . He learned addition and subtraction while playing a fun game . You even have to learn the difference between addition -LRB- go forward -RRB- or subtraction -LRB- go backwards -RRB- when you land on a numbered space and only throw the operations die . I highly recommend this game for advanced 5 year-olds , and certainly 6 - and 7-year old children .
 This game has it all . Simple enough for my 6 year old who 's just learning about money , but still fun . There 's always the chance of having to give your money away to Money Bags , and that keeps the kids filled with anticipation . They 're learning the value of each coin and how to make change . I know adults who ca n't do that ! If I can get my kids to learn and still have fun , then I consider that a success . This game is a great way to accomplish that !
 I really like this game more than I thought I would . It is a great learning game utilizing addition and subtraction . The characters that move around the board are very cute . I love educational games especially when your child has fun while learning .
 My grandson loves math and can play this game for hours . The adults enjoy as well . Recommend it highly for fun family time .
 I homeschool my children . I 'm always looking for fun ways to learn . It is a good game but a little too simple . Too easy and thus boring for the 5 year old I bought it for . I 'm giving it to my younger nephew in the hopes that he can get more out of it than we did .
 I teach first grade and we play math games every Friday . My students absolutely love this game . It 's a great way to get them to practice their addition and subtraction facts while having fun . Definitely worth it !
 My Top Ten Reasons Why We LOVE This Game :1 - Very clever2-Game length is about 10 minutes - perfect for you and your young children3-Few Game pieces - no cards to get lost or bent ! Just 4 playing pieces and 3 dice . My kids have been playing it nearly every day for a month and we still have all the pieces ! 4 - The board and game pieces are well made5-Rules are easy to understand6 - Very educational - game teaches counting , addition , subtraction , math symbols , odds , and evens7-Game pieces and board are very appealing without being wild and crazy -LRB- unlike the new Candyland board ... yikes -RRB- 8-Can be played alone if the child desires9-A reasonable price10-Fun and educational all in one!We are very picky about games at our house and I fully endorse this game ! 5 Stars !
 I bought this game to help my daughter get a little quicker on her ` math facts ' . The game itself is simple and fun , even the ` endless ' loop can be fairly easy to get out of when playing as per the instructions.I decided to adapt the game to fit what she is currently learning in school . I purchased a set of 10-sided dice -LRB- 0-9 -RRB- , and we play the game to the finish and then back . The higher numbers make the game go quickly at times , but make the loop somewhat more difficult to get out of . I may need to adapt it further to overcome this.All in all , I think this is a great game for us to play together , and my daughter enjoys setting up the equations on each roll . Hopefully this will help her master her simple addition and subtraction problems , and carry over into school . $ well spent !
 I am a middle school math teacher and this was a great game for my 6 year old grandson . His 9 year old sister enjoyed playing it with us . Besides introducing players to beginning addition and subtraction problems , it also covered the concept of even and odd numbers . We played it several times and they loved it . Of course , it does help that they both love math .
 Mom asked for educational games . This one is a little advanced for them she said the occasionally have hard time figuring out the math but they still play and get the answe with help form Mum and Dad . They will grow into it fully in a few months , Mom says .
 Wanted to participate in Joe 's yearly Toy Drive in Massapequa , NY , LI . Sure it made some child happy Christmas morning ... : - -RRB-
 Adding and subtracting ; basic skills that have to be learned sooner or later . Fun learning it now when the children are little !
 I have been a kindergarten/first grade teacher for 12 years . I have this game and school and wanted to order another one for my own grandchildren . It is a great game that practices addition and subtraction while having fun . I highly recommend it .
 We bought this for my boys and they really enjoyed it right from the start . There is addition and subtraction practice and the concept of odd and even numbers , but the kids do n't care because it 's fun . The target ages are about 4 to 7 , but it 's fun enough that Mommy does n't mind playing it again and again .
 Sum Swamp is n't * so * much fun that , say , they 'd ever want to make a movie about it . I do n't think you 're going to see Liam Neeson and Jennifer Lopez starring in a summer blockbuster thriller about a magical swamp where you have to roll dice and get through it , and need to find the magic combination to get out of the `` endless '' loop.On the other hand , playing games with your kids and teaching them basic math can be pretty mundane , if not boring , if you do n't have some sort of story . So , as far as an activity goes to make this easy and fun , Sum Swamp fits the bill . The are charming aspects to the board , for instance , that make it play a bit like Candyland -LRB- possible `` short cuts '' -RRB- . The game is remarkably simple . A board , two numbered dice , a plus/minus die , and four character pieces for the players . Theoretically , you could build this game on your own if you were so inclined , say , with a bunch of toy cars or ponies and call it Sum Race . The plus/minus dice would be hard to procure , though.The best part , though , kidding aside , is that my kid actually asks to play this game preferentially over , say , other lame-u-tational games like Sequence , SuperWhy ABC Letter Game , etc.Part of the charm , also , is that the game takes maybe a grand total of 5-10 minutes to get through a game , if you 're efficient about it . So it 's not going to stretch on and on without some sort of redemption , like a bad movie might . More reason why they probably should n't turn Sum Swamp into a movie . Unless , maybe , if they had Samuel L. Jackson in it.Here are the directions straight outta ' the box : - Each player chooses a game piece and places it on start . Players roll a number die and the player with the highest number goes first . - The first players rolls all 3 dice and creates a number sentence by placing the highest number die first , the operation die second , and the smallest number die last . - The player then adds or subtracts the numbers , and moves ahead the sum or difference . For example , if a player rolls 3 +2 , he/she moves ahead 5 spaces . If a player rolls a combination that equals 0 -LRB- 5-5 = 0 -RRB- , heshe does not move . Then it is the next player 's turn . - The first player to reach the finish space is the winner!Special spaces on the board `` Evens '' or `` Odds ''
 I have 3 small children and we love playing this game as a family ! Grantedm my 2 year old just likes to roll the dice but it is great at reinforcing the math concepts that I am teaching the kids in homeschool . My 4 year old is starting to be able to add and subtract and my almost 6 year old is gaining confidence in her ability to add and subtract . Not only does it reinforce math concepts but also helps to teach them to be good sportsmen , taking turns , and gives parents the opportunity to help them deal with disappointment if they do n't win . The best part is that this this game is a lot of fun and they have no idea that they 're learning all of these great things !
 The game is great for a variety of reasons - it teaches kids addition and subtraction in a fun way , rolling the dice is fun for smaller kids who are n't there yet to count , and it also teaches kids to deal with winning and not winning -LRB- we do n't use losing as a term at home - just our little positive reinforcement thing -RRB- . The game makes is fun and children learn without feeling that they are sitting down to learn something . Quality of the game in terms of hte board , dice , and pieces is great too .
 My daughter has begun her basic arithmetic , and this game made `` studying '' fun and relevant . It is also good family time ! I highly recommend it for the first grader -LRB- or earlier , if that is the case -RRB- who is practicing their early math . Too bad the numbers only go up to six -LRB- the dice only go to six -RRB- .
 My grandson found this game so exciting one just has to say `` Sum Swamp , '' his eyes light up and he is clamoring to play . He has played it so much with other kids and adults , our family will have to start looking for a more expanded version that will move our grandson to add or subtract higher numbers than what is currently involved in this game . This is truly a great learning game for pre-school and kindergarten children . Watching those little fingers raised for additions and `` take-aways , '' then looking at kids ' faces stomped when they run out of fingers -- it is difficult for adults to hide their giggles and laughter . The game board and the box are made of surprisingly durable material . The animal character pieces used to move over the board are made of good rubber material which help avoid sliding , slipping , and getting easily misplaced .
 Sum Swamp is a fun and easy to use game about addition and subtraction . The board seems durable and there are only three dice and four rubber game pieces to keep track of . The game is easy to understand and play and my first grade students can play it without any help . I think it would be very appropriate for K-2 . The game reinforces the additon and subtraction signs and odd and even numbers . I would recommend it for any first or second grade classroom as well as for at home fun .
 I bought this for my 4 year old son as he HATED math with worksheets and flashcards . He wanted to play this game 10 times a day . He LOVES it ! Before we bought this game , he was SLOWLY and reluctantly finger-counting addition . He can now add and subtract 2 numbers -LRB- 1-6 -RRB- by memory . He also now understands even and odd . We 've owned this game for 6 months , and he still loves to play it . My only problem is the durability . The box has been crushed flat , and the ink on the die rubbed off before the first month . I occasionally use a Sharpie to re-write the numbers and plus and minus . I still think it 's a great game and have purchased them as gifts .
 This game just arrived and my 6-year old son was playing much of the day with it . He loves it ! He 'll play with others but will also play alone by playing each piece separately , choosing one for his own player . I originally bought the game to help him with addition and subtraction . Of course over the few days it took to get here , he all of a sudden `` got it '' but that does n't stop him from loving the game . I like it because it seems sturdy , is bright and colorful , easy directions -LRB- and easy to adapt to make it more difficult -RRB- , and will help him add and subtract faster .
 I think this game is great and so does my 4 year old son who is just learning math . but I was unsure if I should buy the game because I did n't know how easy or hard the math is ... so let me break it down for those who are also unsure if it 's a good match for their child : uses the numbers 1-6 on two dieadding and subtracting those two numbers of 1-6deciding if 1-6 is odd or evencounting up to 12and learning positive vrs negative numbers -LRB- moving ahead or backwards based on if you roll a plus or minus sign -RRB- and if this is too hard for your child or your child is too `` lazy '' to do the math ... my son loves watching me play all four characters , just to see who wins . I slowly do the math on my fingers so that he can learn how adding and subtracting works and oftentimes he chimes in with the answer . so even though he 's not doing the math , he 's learning and having fun .
 I made my kids say the addition problem out loud and then told them the answer . I found in the first and second game they were coming up with the sums themselves . I guess they remembered the answer from the last time the dice rule the same addition or subtraction problem.They do n't want to play every day but the effortless math practice is worth every penny to me .
 This game is absolutely wonderful . Great educational value and fun at the same time . Very easy to play and my six year old does n't even realize he 's learning ... just having fun ! Very easy to play . We pull this game out over and over again !
 I bought this for my 5 year old and both him and my 6 year old love it ! This is a fun game and makes them think about what to do . Highly recommend !
 my 5 year old son LOVES this game !!! It makes math fun for him.WONDERFUL WONDERFUL WONDERFUL !!!!
 Arrived quickly . I thought it might help the 8 year old grandson with math facts that he has been struggling with . Learning is always more fun if it 's presented in a fun way . He still finds his DS much more fun though . Darn ! Also enjoyed by his 5 year old sister .
 Bought this game for my three year old son . He continues to play with it now -LRB- age 5 -RRB- and I can see him continuing to play with it in the future . The plastic figures are durable and cute . He enjoys playing with them as well as playing the game . Would recommend as an introduction to math concepts .
 Make sure your little one can already add and subtract to play this game . It 's cute but it does come with dice and small pieces ... if you have a baby around , keep him/her away as the pieces will pose a choke hazard . Other than that , enjoy playing with your 4 or 5 or 6 year old or whatever you have who can add and subtract ... this is a cute educational game ... recommended ...
 My kids , 4 and 6 , really like this game . They made us play it with them about 7 times in a row and were willing to keep going . It is short enough that it keeps their attention , especially if you have younger kids . It was great review for my 6 year old and she added and subtracted mine and my husbands as well . Also , it reviews greater and less than because they have to put it in order greatest to least . I helped my 4 year old with my fingers so she could add extra or take away fingers and she had a lot of fun doing it . Great game !
 This game is one of our favorites and perfect for homeschooling ! I got this game to incorporate with my daughters math program at home . Wanted math to be fun and exciting for her . Perfect for adding , subtracting , learning odd and even numbers , and the best part is it 's fun for everyone ! I would recommend this game as it is adorable , well made , and will be a big hit !
 My 5 year old is adding and subtracting and not really thinking it 's homework :--RRB- Fun added to school makes learning stick and easier to teach .
 Who would have ever thought that adding and subtracting would be a fun game ?? We got this after reading the reviews and my 5 year old daughter loves it . Somehow she always seems to beat me in the game .
 I bought this game for my 4 year old . She 's a little too young for this game -LRB- recommended age is 5 + -RRB- . But I want her to learn the concept of addition & substraction . It 's fun to play . The quality of the game pieces and board are excellent .
 I purchased this game for my 5 yo grandson . We played it together and he really likes it . The board is sturdy as are the game pieces . And it 's a great tool for teaching a child addition and subtraction .
 We got this for our 6 year old for Christmas and we have been playing it everyday . The game is educational and fun . The game is fairly quick and does n't take long to play .
 I bought this for my daughter 's six year-old friend . They are both six . They have so much fun playing this game and practicing their adding and subtracting . They have so much fun and they are learning at the same time . Great game . Wish there were more out there like it !
 My 4 year old daughter loves this game . It 's fun and reinforces basic math skills . We have only owned it for a week and have already played the game at least a dozen times .
 My 5 year old son received this as an early Christmas gift . He opened it up and we played it 4 games in a row and two hours later 2 more games . He loves it ! It fun and educational at the same time . Well worth it !
 I got this for my son for Christmas when he was 5 . He loves to play it , and I do n't mind it , either . I like that it is educational and fun at the same time . The games are really quick , so you can play 4 or 5 rounds in a half-hour or so . Definitely a good game for younger children ! My son has had this game for almost a year now , and still plays it often .
 Great blank notecards with three colorful design choices for the cat lover . I use them for everything
 I loooove Gerard Butler ! That 's why I had to buy this calendar . Although I was kind of disappointed when I got it . The pictures of GB are great ! No doubt in that . I just wished the calendar would have had the box style dates . I mean I would n't even call this a calendar it 's more of pictures that just so happen to have numbers on the bottom of it . Haha Which is n't bad if that 's what you 're looking for . I was n't though . I was hoping for a GB calendar I could use . Anyway , the stickers are awesome . My favorite pictures in the calendar are June and October . < 3
 This purchase was in addition to the same Uniden I already own . It is a very good unit and well worth price paid thru Amazon .
 Had a problem with one of the phones . Had a replacement in 2 days , Awesome .
 This is the best phone that was on the market . It is expired in this form , but is sold with a slightly different case design . The distance is good , the clarity and fullness of the earpiece is superb , the speakerphone is great and loud and the intercom feature is first class if you have many handsets -LRB- but the ringer on the initiating handset for an intercom call is quite annoying -RRB- . Adding handsets is a breeze . Nothing better will come along until DECT hits the scene in the US in a big way ...
 Bought this chart for my 4 yr old son . He loved it allot and has continued to do his chores with vigor and pride . My 7 yr old daughter liked her brother 's chart so much , she kept asking for one . Now , they each have one and have been motivated to do their chores and earn their rewards . It is working ... so happy Parents .
 This chart was almost perfect for my needs as an elementary social worker . I only wish that it had n't included the word silly , because it encouraged silly behavior.Otherwise it had everything I wanted , and is very cute and colorful .
 This is a great organizer for the price . The address book holds 6 lines of addresses , this is good if you send mail to different departments , or people . I love this organizer , and plan on buying them for my co-workers for a holiday !
 This is my 2nd organizer . It was a gift to me by my Aunt from the U.S. I love it and I carry it wherever I go . It 's user friendly . I can say this because I do n't even have the manual . Has many useful functions . Easy to use keypad . The size and shape , it 's wonderful . Unfortunately it was stolen last Sunday , June 25 , 2000 . I 'm mad about it . I 'm looking for this here in the Philippines , but have n't seen one . one more thing , it 's cheap and it 's great .
 This organiser are very useful , for students , teachers , salespeople , etc. . THE IMAGE ON THIS PAGE IS THE 1MB Model -LRB- check it , is wonderful -RRB- , AND THE IMAGE THERE IS THIS ORGANISER .
 This organiser are very useful , for students , teachers , salespeople , etc. -LRB- check it , is wonderful -RRB-
 My butt was hurting constantly at work because of the poor padding in my chair so I finally broke down and picked one of these up . When you sit on it , it 's not extremely comfortable like a plush chair or anything but it 's enough to make sitting for long periods of time easily doable.The only downside to the product is its look . I mean ... c'mon ... does it have to look like butt cheeks just because it 's a butt cushion ?! I bought the black one -LRB- stupid me -RRB- for a grey chair and I embarassed when people see it .
 I bought this seat cushion after breaking my tailbone . Nothing feels comfortable when that happens , but this seat sure makes things much more bearable . We were headed to Disney on vacation just 2 weeks after the break . This cushion let me enjoy the rides . It was easy to carry around everywhere we went . And it fit perfectly on all the rides and attractions .
 having low back problems and the requirement to spend long hours driving and flying I have found this gel cushion to a great relief .
 I have just purchased the Rolodex RF-1000 organizer and so far has been excellent . I have been able to sync the organizer with my computer and it was pretty simple . I have been able to put in quite a bit of information and have n't even used a quarter of the memory yet . Thank you Rolodex for the fine product .
 I do n't think that Superfleaman smells , and I dp n't think that this kind of comments are respectables . Anyway , about the product , maybe is not as the Casio organisers , with an intelligent finder , but is bigger than they in capability -LRB- 1 MB , do you believe it ! -RRB- . Make two-way conversions -LRB- money and measures -RRB- , and is vey useful for all the SOHO 's . THE 1MB-ORGANISER LOOKS VERY SIMILAR TO OTHERS , therefore , is very practic . BUY IT , IS VERY CHEAP , AND IT MUST SAVE YOUR LIFE . Includes cable , manual and software CD -LRB- the software must be improved -RRB- . Another adventage , is that this organiser uses two AAA batteries , very easy to buy , and have a protection data system , in case of battery failure ! . I am not working for Franklin-Rolodex , so I do n't have any compromise with the manufacturer . PS . On my 1MB organiser have almost 400 phones with name , company , address , fax , e-mail and notes , all the price-list of my competence and mine , my dates and many , many data , and I have used only the 20 % of the memory ... -LRB- if you have Windows NT , you probably will have some problems -RRB- . .
 I think this organizer is well worth the money . Apart from the regular features , the best thing I like is the capability to synchoronise with PC . So , now I have no worry of losing data in case I lose the organizer .
 i could not understand one sentence of superfleaman 's review
 These are handy little stickers
 These stickers are really great . I have a Mac and they fit the keyboard keys perfectly and they are smooth so you do n't feel a difference when typing . As opposed to smaller stickers where I have found them to be distracting when typing . This stickers also last for a very long time and while some of them may eventually fall off I would still recommend buying this brand because if you need Cyrillic on your keyboard but do n't want to pay big bucks for a real Russian keyboard this is the best alternative .
 I have been familiar with this brand and model of stapler for over 30 years . It is better than any other on the market . Even though it takes a special staple , it is worth every penny to pay a little extra for quality . This stapler will fix a staple to a stack of papers no other standard staple could handle . The attached remover will take out the staple without tearing the paper as happens with so many of the claw style removers . I highly recommend this product to everyone .
 Colour & size were as expected & I like how light-weight it is but it is a very thin , flexible cover & I was expecting something sturdier . Hope it will stand up to my 2nd Grader !
 I 've used these for years . I like the natural cover , and fill these to the max for storage of printed papers .
 This is a great system for the price . The room intercom and the choices that you have are great . I had little idea about phones so I was pleasantly suprized .
 My big fear was that they were `` remanufactured '' but knowing I 'd have a warranty I figured I 'd take a chance . I 've owned Uniden cordless phones like this for years & years but bought a set at Sears to replace mine & they were horrible!Those were returned for these , and these are what I know Uniden quality to be . Loaded with features , easy to use , clear sound , I just love everything about them . Definitely not a purchase you 'll regret !
 These phones are really nice . It takes a while to program numbers but once done it 's very nice . I 'm disabled and they save me a lot of hassles , trying to get to a phone and they can stay plugged in and charged.The base unit is also a phone .
 I bought this model after returning two other manufacturers ' phones and trying a third . Returned a Panasonic and a Vtech for poor sound quality . Disappointed because have had very good experiences with those brands , but we wanted an expandible portable at 5.8 Ghz so not to interfere with our home network . Tried a Motorola at a R.Sh ** k and it takes the award for worst sound of the bunch . Bought the Uniden , and were impressed with the sound quality - Excellent , as compared to poor , bad and terrible.The bonus was the list of features that work well and are well-thought-out , as mentioned in other reviews.After three years , one battery is not charging well , and we are pleased that replacements can be found for less than $ 10 !
 I was a bit concerned about this being a factory refurbished system , but my concerns were completely unfounded . I could n't be more pleased with these phones and the vast array of features and settings they offer . It works great , after all , it 's still a Uniden system ! A great deal all around !
 I love this phone and can hardly imagine any other . I live out in the country with 3 acres of land and can use it anywhere in my yard . When buzy I just use the speaker phone or the Headset . I also put the base or handset by the radio or TV and take the other handset out with me and still listen using the `` Room Monitor '' . I also love checking massages from the handset . The handset displays the time as well as caller ID.The Direct Link is a fantastic feature ; When away from home , just give a handset to each person in the party and contact them by pressing 1-9 , without using cell phone minutes.I love this phone so much and currently owned this model but with only 2 handsets and purched this one with 3 handsets.In my opinion , finding a phone better would be practically an infaninate impossibility .
 Item works great , I only have a few issues . Once in awhile I get slight static on the reciver phone and when I add new phones the style/functions are not the same so all of my phones are not the same . I am constantly having to look for functions .
 I admit it ; I was looking for a cheap home phone system and realized I might get what I paid for . The refurbished Uniden TRU-8885 3 handset system filled the bill of being cheap . After setting it up , I was quite impressed by all its features . The only thing I do n't like is not being able to delete caller id 's on all the handsets from the base unit . That 's a minor thing . Overall , I think I ended up with quite a bargain .
 Ca n't get these injected molded plastic binders anymore , these are super strong and never break . I 've had some for over 20 years and still going strong .
 I was worried to purchase , `` used warehouse notebooks '' . These were offered at an outstanding low price so I took the chance and I was not disappointed . I would have preferred the blue models , but since blue is impossible to find , I found these to be outstanding . Yes , slightly used -LRB- as the seller promised -RRB- however , I rinsed them in cool water via the breakroom dishwasher and they came out absolutely new looking . They are now serving their purpose proudly on my office shelves . Thanks . CW
 I ordered these colored envelopes for making early childhood learning centers games and I love them -- they are perfect for my needs -
 Randal the Flannel CamelI loved the Astrobright Envelopes from Wausau . I bought them to send copies of my new book for children called `` Randal the Flannel Camel '' to friends all over the country . At first I worried that they would n't be strong enough to make it through the sorting process , but they worked out just fine . Everyone thinks the colors are great . Not easy to find until I look on Amazon .
 These are nice , bright envelopes . They are good quality , made of quality paper stock , and look nice . They are sure to make a statement !
 I looked everywhere for these . I bought some colored envelopes many years ago , and I kind of doled them out on a limited basis , but I finally ran out and have never been able to locate them again , not at Office Max , Office Depot , Wal Mart , or anywhere else . I really missed having some festive large envelopes , I love colors and I always think it brightens someone 's day to receive a pretty envelope.I saw these and jumped on the chance to get two packs . Yay . They were shipped super fast with two other items I had purchased , and with the super saver shipping plus no taxes , it was a huge bargain.The colors are VERY bright , and hopefully I can make these last for a while . Absolutely worth what I paid for them , and they are almost impossible to find in a mixed pack of colors anywhere else , and not even close in price . They are horribly expensive elsewhere , if you can even find them , plus when you DO locate them , they are usually from a wholesaler and they make you buy huge quantities of a single color at a time.I am very happy with my purchase . Love ya , Amazon !!
 This is a well made , good looking pen . It is nicely weighted and feels good when writing . The blue , black , and gold color conbination goes well together without looking too ... fancy.You can make it even better by using theSANFORD Refill for uni-ball Signo Gel 207 , Medium , Black Ink , 2 per Packinstead of the supplied Waterman refill.I 'm only using the `` refill '' link as a reference . It 's usually much cheaper to buy the pen
 Four words
 I have the Phileas solid black in rollerball . A good-looking , classy pen with heft . Writes smoothly . First ink cartridge lasted over a year with significant note-taking use . Great alternative to the more expensive pens . A respectable instrument to pull out of a suit jacket or portfolio . A friend tipped me off to the value -LRB- price -RRB- when she pulled one out of her Coach case prior to a meeting . Wonderful addition to your executive style without the regret if lost.I 'm buying two as gifts for executors of two significant contracts .
 Bought this pen as a replacement for a well worn MontBlanc Generation rollerball that I recently lost . While this pen is not the same and clearly I would prefer the pen I had before , it is an acceptable alternative at a much lower price point . The weight of the pen is a bit low , and the case has almost no metal , but it writes well and gives me the continuity of line and definition that I like .
 I was looking for a solid mousepad to use with my htpc since I would want to operate the mouse from different places off the couch or maybe even off the floor . So the biggest requirement for a htpc mousepad is that it provides a stable surface without needing a table . This does the trick and looks better then even this picture would suggest . I paid around $ 15 max for mine and this one is overpriced at more then twice that after shipping . -LRB- It is not really leather but it is very hard to tell -RRB- If you are looking for a hardbacked mousepad and the price of this one is a deterrent for you I would suggest doing a search for an `` executive '' mousepad because they are usually hardbacked .
 A Post Master told me that letters in colored envelopes are less likely to be misdelivered because when the clerks or letter carriers hold the piece in his or her hand , they look at it about twice as long as they would a white envelope . I have been sending my mail out in colored envelopes ever since , and have n't had any mail go astray -- that I know of.Also , colored envelopes look nice . It almost makes bill paying bearable to place a check in a cheerful envelope .
 I received my colored envelopes , I like sending my letters in these , as they look so much better in a mail box , white is so blah .
 High quality envelopes in bright colors . Very pleased . They are pretty solid i.e. you ca n't see through them very well , but they are not security .
 # 1 I love the Astrobrights # 10 envelopes from Office Depot , but I am puzzled as to why Office Depot does n't have them in-store or online at their site . They 're ONLY available online through Amazon . Is a puzzlement ? # 2 Whatever happened to the 50 per box neon colored # 10 envelopes that used to be widely available -LRB- not Office Depot brand -RRB- . I would definitely purchase them from you if you made them available . # 3 I have very seldom been disappointed in being an Amazon customer .
 I am sending out flyers regarding my personal business , and I wanted some flashy envelopes . This assortment was just what I wanted . And it arrived in less than a week . I would order it again !
 This product is really pleasing to the eye due to its bright colors , and I love bright colors so using these envelopes was a lot of fun for me and the people receiving my mail . Its something different from those plain white envelopes !
 These envelopes make paying bills alot easier due to their cheerful colors . My wife and I use these envelopes to drop our rent check off each month to the front office . We will also be using them to mail stuff off when needed.Highly recommended !!!!! : -RRB-
 Exactly what I was looking for . Found some neon pink envelopes @ Target for the same price but really preferred the multi color ones I ordered here . P&H made it more expensive than I really wanted but ...
 I love using these , but I really do n't know if the purple color can be used to send letters without messing up the post office . Other than that , they 're great !
 I got these envelopes to go with some cards I made , but I like them so much , I am thinking about getting more just to have around . They are so bright and fun !
 I love these envelopes ! It used to be that you could buy colored envelopes easily at a typical discount store , but for years now I 've found nothing but plain old white ones.Then one day I remembered that I 've found pretty much everything I need on Amazon.com and did a search for colored envelopes . Voila!Anyway , these are lovely and it makes mailing things a lot more fun .
 I use these when I need to have no doubt this mail will stick out from the crowd of other mail . I can tell the client `` look for the bright pink envelope '' or something like that . I can also spot it in my incoming mail when I get a pile of junk I sometimes wait to open . I got a good price here too , much better than the local store . What 's with the price of envelopes at the store anyway ? You 'd think they 're processed with gold or something .
 Product is exactly as described . I used these for my small business . The colors are beautiful and very vibrant .
 These envelopes were very bright ! I loved them . The paper used is very nice and the inside of the envelopes is the same color as the outside , a nice surprise from only outside dyed paper .
 by the time you pay for shipping , these brightly colored little envelopes might as well be gold plated ! only thing is they are NOT - just regular # 10 's .
 The price is right , and the paper does n't feel flimsy or chunky the way some recycled products can .
 I bought these for my small business so that we could to use them when sending our products to children . Normally we use brown , recycled envelopes but sometimes you just have to have some fun . They are bright and cheery and strong enough to protect our product.The product I produce is for sleep apnea patients so the little ones are already having significant breathing problems if their parents are buying our product . I 've found that receiving our product in such happy envelopes gives our little customers a welcomed `` gift '' rather than just another business purchase .
 As an attorney I use these brightly colored envelopes to give my clients copies of their file that -LRB- hopefull -RRB- they wo n't lose so that I can avoid phone calls 3 years from now asking me for a copy of their file .
 These are nice , bright envelopes . They are good quality , made of quality paper stock , and look nice . They are sure to make a statement !
 This was an excellent transaction . I have unable to find these envelopes in any of the big office supply stores . I received them in three days after purchasing . I will purchase from this buyer again .
 Great product at a great price . I purchased one 50 page 4 column pad of this ledger to try it out . I love this product so much , I purchased 5 more pads just to make sure I do n't run out anytime soon .
 Tried and true accounting papers and office supplies . They seem to be one of the few that still make columnar pads and I 've never had an issue with them .
 Love this ledger for my checking register . There is plenty of room for keeping track of checks , online payments , withdrawals and deposits ...
 The most advanced idea in accounting ... brilliant , a pad with lines . Who is the genius that thought of this ? Buy one so they stay in business .
 it is very good pen , i like it so much , and price is very good , many of my friend ask me about this pen .
 I 've been very pleased with Amazon and will continue to make purchases online through them . My Waterman purchased is no exception . I 've always preferred Waterman pens due to the quality of the workmanship and the way they write .
 ... they mean it . If you value sharp , high-contrast , bright colors , make sure the package says the labels are made for color printers . I 've tried printing labels on the same printer , with the same program & file , on both types of labels . Color ones are the way to go . These labels also stick very well and are surprisingly resistant to wear . Worth the price!UPDATE
 Looks good ! Printed strips for address labels so have n't seen big blocks of color , but from what I did it appears it will handle well for all stickering needs.And easy to peel strips . .
 Return address labels are perfect for the application . Never had any trouble with Avery products.couldn ' t find them in local stores
 they work great . i 'm never disappointed with avery products . I love making our own labels . I can be really creative with them .
 As I customise my own return address labels with the computer , this Avery label stock makes them a bit larger than the usual half-inch stock , which I find makes them almost unreadable . Certainly these become much more personalized than the free ones I frequently get in the mail .
 Just what I ordered . Office Depot does n't sell Avery in their stores any longer so I checked Amazon and was thrilled to find Amazon had them . I received them quickly and was very pleased they were exactly what I needed . Very happy !
 As always , my order was on time and labels were received as promised , in excellent condition .
 I do n't use this item for my sticky notes still on the pad . I use it for all the missed call messages and sticky notes and little reminders that usually float all over my desk . This helps me keep them in one place and it is easy to find `` that important note you know you put some place safe '' .
 When I opened up these name tag labels , I wondered how they could be any different than name tags I 've seen and worn before . But , they are ! When I peeled one off the paper , it felt like it was a piece of cloth rather than a paper label . I put it on my shirt and it felt like I did n't have a nametag on . My shirt flexed and was perfectly comfortable . I think many people have chosen to use name badges at conferences rather than labels . But , I would much prefer one of these labels to a name badge at a conference . It would be much more comfortable to wear . It also came off my shirt easily . If you 're looking for name tags -- these really are a great choice !
 These name badges are a real improvement over the previous series . Our application is for baptisms . The name tages can be seperated from the sheet without taking off the back glue protector . The vinyle flexibility works well on any clothing & can be removed without a sticky residue . Thanks for the upgrade of the stick-on name tag.In Him , Dr. Carl
 How much can really be said about them . Avery makes great labeling products . They even supply templates on their website for free . They print out perfectly on the sheet of badges every time . These specific name tags have just the right amount of stickiness to stay on , but can also be used a few times while still maintaining the stick .
 Like all of the Avery products that I have used for my business , I am very satisfied with these removable name tags . The paper is good quality and holds ink jet printer ink well -LRB- no smearing or rub off -RRB- . The stickiness of the name tags is strong enough to hold them securely to a shirt all day long . I have tested these name tags for a 2-day weekend period -LRB- removing the name tag at the end of the 1st day -RRB- and they hold up great . I recommend these name tags and am confident in all Avery products .
 In the office market , Avery is known for its quality supplies . I had used Avery 's name badges in the past , so I was quite excited to get the opportunity to try out their improved product.Avery 's new `` White Adhesive Name Badges '' are improved over their previous product . First of all , Avery is now using a new material which `` enables them to move with clothing without falling off , '' as Avery states in their marketing . This is quite useful , as I remember receiving an Avery tag while on a tour in Puerto Rico , and it kept falling off my shirt , as my clothes moved . With their new design , Avery has overcome the problem of their previous name badges.In addition , Avery now packages their name badges so that they can be `` punched off '' of the sheet that holds them . This makes distribution of the name badges easy , at a party or business meeting for instance . Now I do n't have to worry about cutting the tags out if I do n't want to pull them all off of the sheet individually.In addition , the name badges still work nicely with Ink Jet and Laser printers . As a homebrewer and with their 21/3 '' x 33/8 '' size , I have always used Avery 's name badges to create beer labels for my homebrewed beer . In regards to printing , these badges look sharp , and with the improved functions , I would recommend them in a heartbeat .
 I used the Avery White Adhesive Name Badges for our last meeting . The names were printed on an Ink Jet printer and the printing worked well . I tried both the WORD and Print Shop 23 software for printing and they both worked equally well.The outside of the package indicates these labels can be printed on either an ink jet printer or laser . The quality of the paper is excellant . The labels can be removed form the backing very easily . I took precautions on the kind of garments the label should not be adhered to . These are listed on the reverse side of the packageing . This is another quality Avery product .
 First things first
 I like the sticker adhesive . lasts long time on polo shirt . not repeat application once it was removed from shirt with lint on it . But , on other items like paper and cardboard , it has good adhesion .
 These labels are the best I have found . The label numbers from Avery are in Office 2010 and they print like a charm . Will be using these labels for a family reunion . 160 to a pack , which is perfect . They stick well to clothing and do not curl during wear . Great labels !
 These Avery name badge labels are a real step above the `` Hello , my name is ... '' labels we 're all very familiar with . They 're very durable and flexible , so they do n't fall off of clothing , and the down-loadable Avery templates allow you to print classy , personalized , easy-to-read name tags . You can also peel them off of the backing sticky side exposed for immediate application or with backing still attached for , say , arraying them on a sign-in table . All in all , a very good product.There are , however , two potential downsides : First , they are quite a bit more expensive than the ordinary name tags . Whether they 're enough better to justify the cost is a matter of personal judgement.Second , the package warns that they should not be applied to vinyl , plastic , leather , suede , velvet , corduroy , silk or other delicate fabrics . What happens if you do ? I do n't know , but I also do n't want to find out by trying it . This is something to think about.Bottom line
 The Avery 8395 labels -- generically called name badges -- are outstanding in both features and price . Following are four pluses and two minuses . + + + STICKYAt the Kansas City , Missouri , affiliate of Habitat for Humanity , where I 've been volunteering on construction job sites since 1997 , we all wear name tags . These tags are merely strips of duct tape written on with a marker , and I can tell you from all those years of experience that they fall off pretty readily when applied to clothing that then endures several hours of twisting and turning and stretching and contracting and pulling and -- do n't forget -- sweating.This product withstands all those problems , so you can imagine how much better it will withstand the rigors of , say , your typical business seminar where the guests wear business suits , unless your business seminars frequently include guests wearing overalls and do-rags and muscle shirts and construction boots and tool belts.These Avery 8395 name badges stay stuck . Let me tell you how I know . Yesterday afternoon I attached one to a t-shirt and then here 's what I did : == Mowed the lawn and did some other yard work , enough to work up a sweat == Wrestled with our 70-pound dog for a while == Rode my motorcycle for half an hour , at one stretch reaching 70 miles per hour -LRB- in a 35 mph zone -RRB- == Just to see what would happen , I literally scrunched the badge and the fabric underneath it ; at first I scrunched pretty lightly , but then I scrunched pretty darned much , a total of maybe half a dozen scrunches altogether == Removed the badge and replaced it == Doffed the shirt and re-donned it == Finally , I slept in the shirt.Then I took the photograph I 've added to the Amazon listingAvery Adhesive Name Badges , 2.33 x 3.375 inches , White , Pack of 160 -LRB- 08395 -RRB- for these Avery 8395 labels . As you might not be able to tell , so I will tell you , except for a couple of light crinkles the badge is pristine , because the material it 's made of , which I assume is some sort of plastic , is more flexible and thus less likely to crease than paper . It wants to conform to the shape of the clothing it 's attached to no matter how that shape changes.But what 's more impressive is that it 's still stuck securely to my t-shirt . After all the grief I put it through , it should have given up and fallen off at SOME point , but it never did.Later
 My ski club like to name name tags available so new members can meet people and these works great with all types of fabric .
 Love the dual distribution feature -- peel away for immediate placement , or peel from behind so each can be placed later . These work great . I used them as name tags for my students . THAT is a true test -- durability with kids!Usually , name tags do not last more than an hour with most of the children but these held up . They remove easily , yet stick securely . I recommend this product . If they can work that well with children , they will be wonderful for adults !
 I attend a meeting every month where we sit in a circle . Invariably , most people write their name on their name tag in too-small , or too-thin print . It 's impossible for most people to see from 10-feet away . So , what 's the point ? As the leader of the meeting , I could offer to write the names myself but there 's never time . And anyway , my handwriting is not the best!Because many of the meeting attendees are regulars , I can print these out ahead of time in a big , bold font , with the name of our group in small print . Attendees enjoy having their names pre-printed , and I think the customized label promotes more feeling of belonging and being welcomed.Along with another reviewer , I appreciate that each badge can be separated without removing the backing paper.Prints fine , and black ink on bright white provides easy-reading contrast.Great product .
 I really love the way each name badge can be separated with the backing paper left on so they can be handed out individually without having to remove them from the backing sheet or cut apart by hand . I think that is a really nice feature that helps one organize multiple items ahead of time . Now I can hand individuals multiple items and paperclip the name badge on the top so I know who gets what or who still needs their items.Prints nicely with no smudges and the clean bright white paper does not interfere with my print colors . The templates were easy to use right from avery.com . I could n't be happier ! Excellent product , highly recommend .
 I do n't think I have found an Avery product I do n't like . These 2.33 x 3.375 White name badges are perfect . Not only can I print on them with my inkjet computer with ease , but they peal off so easily . They also separate if you want them to be laid out for a function so people can pick theirs up . I have to admit I use them for address labels on large packages I ship and they work great for that as well . Great product for a very reasonable price . You can find cheaper brands but the quality just is n't there .
 I conduct a lot of workshops , and I get frustrated with stick-on name tags that peel and curl around the edges , even after a few hours . This frustration is also shared by my clients . After all , when wearing a business suit , a peeling , curling name badge does n't exactly scream `` professional . `` Still , there are many times when a stick-on name badge is the best way to go . So , hearing that these labels had a better adhesive , I decided a test was in order . I printed up name badges for the whole family and we wore them for an entire day -- even the two-year old . The result was impressive . Even with all the kids ' rough & tumble play , spilled milk , and fidgeting with the name badge itself , the name badges stayed put . No peeling or curling at the corners , even with a variety of fabrics . I even put one on the inside of my elbow , where it was sure to get a lot of abuse by me flexing my arm throughout the day . There was one corner that did n't stay stuck because essentially the movement of the fabric was too much , but even then , that corner did n't curl , and the remaining edges all held fast.I also tested these in both my ink jet AND laser printers , as well as writing on them with a sharpie . Everything looked good -LRB- no smearing at all -RRB- . Suffice it to say that I 'll be choosing these name badges from now on . And the fact that you can separate and sort the name tags individually and have the backing still on them is a huge plus . Now , instead of going through various sheets and looking for people 's names , the labels can be separated and put in alphabetical order -- something that will make the workshop check-in process smoother and more professional.A nice , high-quality adhesive.A super-convenient ` separate and sort ' feature.Five stars .
 I never thought I 'd say that a name badge would be really cool , but this product is ! I occasionally have to make name badges for a group that I lead at my church . I usually use the kind that are printed and then slipped into a clear plastic sleeve , then pinned to the user 's shirt . Those are fine for multi-use badges , but if you 're looking for a disposable one , this one is the way to go!As it 's an Avery product , I was easily able to pull up the template in my Word software . I typed in the names of my group members into each sector on the page , adjusted their font type , size and centering . I fed the sheet of labels into my printer as was directed by the words `` Feed this end '' and hit `` Print '' . Out they came!Now here 's the cool thing -- you can easily peel off each name badge and separate them without removing the badges themselves from their backing . So when I go to class with my name badges , I wo n't be schlepping a sheet , but I 'll have my 8 badges already separated in a little stack , easily kept in a small envelope or similar container.The adhesive on the badges is also of high quality . It 's not so sticky as to damage clothing or leave a residue , but it stays put well enough that the edges do n't curl up -LRB- which is really annoying ! -RRB- . Whoever at Avery thought this up is brilliant ! I love these separating badges . They 're easy to print , are of high quality , and are so convenient . Well done !
 I have to admit I 'm really surprised these labels did n't jam in my printer . They 're die-cut so that they can be individually punched out of the sheet with the backing intact . As a result , there are rather large cuts in the sheets , which I anticipated would get caught up in the printer . No such troubles ! I printed a dozen sheets in my cheapie laser printer without any problems.The prints were clean and sharp and did n't crack under normal bending that name tags require.The templates worked perfectly and the labels look great . The backing removes easily and the tags adhere well .
 I ordered these name badges because I thought they might be suitable for more then one kind of project.Yes , you can use them as name badges , and it 's nice that you can peel them off the sheet by either the front , for more of an individual use , or from the back , like punching them out , if you need to do more then one badge at a time.The writing surface on these is large enough for more then a name , since the labels themselves are plain white . So you could embellish them with markers or whatever , if you choose too.You do have the option to label them by hand , or by laser or inkjet printer.These labels are flexible , they feel somewhat like paper , light , but they seem more substantial then that . They do seem like they would stick well , not fall off , but at the same time they are easily removeable , if say you are using them on clothing , as name badges.These name badges are not suitable for all clothing . They do take off a little bit of material when you peel them off , but they did n't damage the shirt I put them on , it was more like fuzz on the back of the name badge . I guess comparable to other name badges . I have n't worn that many name badges in my lifetime to really compare.I wanted these in part for labeling sheet protectors , where I label the front of the sheet protector , usually by year , but there is room on the label if I want to add more information.There are 160 name badges , so more then enough for more then one use , for many projects.It would have been nice had they had some decorative border , to give them some personality , instead of just plain white , but then the way they are , you are only limited by your own imagination.Another reliable , multi purpose product from Avery .
 The ubiquitous name badge is a staple of meetings and other gatherings . The Avery 8395 is well suited for this role . It ran reliably through both my laser and inkjet printers , and is also easy to mark by hand for last-minute additions . No problems with looking the worse for wear after a couple of hours , and it did not leave a residue on my attendee 's apparel . Recommended .
 In trying these for review , I used them for a mixed class of adults with children . Children are notoriously hard on sticky nametags , yet these stayed on very well . Even after a couple of them removed and restuck them in different places on their clothes , during which the tags pick up fibers from the clothing which would usually cause them to fall off after reapplying , these kept on sticking!I found great results with adults also . The toughest fabrics for nametags to stay on , I find , is flowy nylon and shiny/silky/satiny - women 's blouses that are made from these tend to be quite problematic . But these Avery badges stayed on without even a curling corner!They peel off incredibly well , also , no tearing in half when being pulled from the corner , thanks to the slightly plastic-y nature of the material these are made from.My only complaint is a general one that applies to all printable labels . It bothers me that no matter what I 've done , I still end up with the printing slightly off-center , either side-to-side or top-to-bottom . It never fails to print slightly off , and I 've tried several printers with the same results . I hope to someday find a solution to this issue.Other than that , these name badges are great , and I highly recommend them .
 I bought these for a family reunion . We wanted a personalized ID tag with Family Name and Date . These labels printed well and believe me , they stuck and stayed in place on shirts and blouses to the very end ! Much better , and classier , than the old ` hello , my name is ... ' labels . Worth the extra cost .
 I was n't going to write a review until I had a problem -LRB- typical right ? -RRB- . But these were fantastic and easy to use before . I do n't know if their die needs sharpening or what , but the labels have become increasingly difficult to get apart . You have to really finesse them now or risk tearing the damn things .
 Used these for an event and worked great ! Good quality . Did n't fall off . It 's a great product for the price .
 I 've used these nametags for several networking events and they are great . I love that you can separate them from the page and they still have the backing on them - makes it very easy for nametag distribution . Prints very easily using standard Avery templates . I 've used several packages of these .
 Easy way to print up name badges for your next meeting or get together . They are large enough to print the names big enough for people to see them . They look very professional . No more handwritten name badges . Avery labels are easily printed in Word . I highly recommend these name badge labels .
 We were very satisfied with the Avery Adhesive Name Badges . They have just the right amount of `` stick-to-it-ness '' . It is often an issue with adhesive name badges as to whether they will be too sticky or not sticky enough . Just like other Avery products , they do a good job of providing you with ease of use ... good directions and access to templates . With 160 per package , I do not have to repurchase as often either .
 Got these to use for labeling our plastic containers for moving . What was great is that we could remove the stickers off the containers after we unpacked . We did n't have to scrape them off or affix a sticker on top of the old sticker . And then we used more to re-label the containers once we got organized . My friend borrowed some to use at name tags for a workshop he was hosting . He said they were worked out great , people could remove them , place them on their binders and left to go for lunch and when they returned from lunch they could place the stickers back on and they stayed put to the end of the workshop . He loved them because most people do n't want to walk around in public with their names affixed to their shirt . And the template was easy to use , we used them to print on the laser and inkjet -LRB- color -RRB- for our projects . There was 160 in the package which was more than enough for me and my friend and some left over to share with another friend who was organizing their garage containers and needed labels as well .
 I was very impressed with how these maintain despite rigorous wear.The first experiment I used them on was on my child , where I put one on her chest and sent her outside to play.Four hours later when she came in , the to was dirty and I could see she hadtake nit off on ppupose and with her dirty hands put it back on.The adhesive stayed strong.The second test was when I went to a conference . I used the brand they gave me , which was n't even Avery and this brand.Avery 's brand stayed on longer!I would recommend this product , tried and tested and loved !
 I needed some `` Hello '' labels for a non-profit function and chose these . I was really impressed with them . I used a laser printer with them and incorporated a logo as well as a name . The formatting was easy and they printed as they were formatted . The ink was clear and crisp with no bleeding . I found they were easy to remove from their backing and once removed and put on clothing -- they stuck . There were no problems with the `` stickiness '' leaving residue on the clothing . What more could you want ? Easy to use , professional looking , and sticks to the clothing !
 I tried another brand of badge labels months ago so this is a comparison with that other brand which I wo n't name because frankly , this product works just as well.Name tags are a necessary item when you are meeting with folks you do n't see often . But name tags are also great for things like RPGs where you want your players to interact as their characters not themselves . I primarily use these labels for convention games because it helps get everyone in the proper state of mind.People wear all types of clothing so I need labels that wo n't damage them . These come off of almost any type of fabric but here 's a warning
 Bottom line
 I got these for my children to use for their backpacks , books , lunch boxes and clothes for school . They stay on really well and are made of a flexible rubbery like material . I also use them for the kids water bottles . Even after a day on the water bottle , the labels are still fine . I print up a sheet for each child and they are always ready to go . If they can last a few days on a kid , they 'd work out great for use as name badges for adults who are n't so rough .
 These badges have two innovative benefits
 great Avery product good for tags address and things of that nature sticks really well
 The ability to peel these off and hand them out is very professional . I like how these upgrade our events with very little input of effort .
 Used these for an engagement party ! I stamped them with peacock feathers . They were a BIG hit !!
 I had noticed in the last year when I went to some function where the horrid name tag was required that they seemed to get stiffer -LRB- to be fancy ? -RRB- or have so little `` stick '' that after a few hours you had to remove it because the edges peeling up stuck to long hair.Not good.I think they test name tags on cardboard dummies ... never clothing , or women who are n't flat chested . Curves confuse nametags as well as sticking to clothing . Why is this when they are meant to stick to clothing in the first place ? With these , there is no peeling up.So anyway , the first thought on these is that they are nice becasue they print very easily so you can not only have legible tags , but add a logo if it 's a company function.I personally like the rounded corners since my hair goes down past my shoulders and pointed edges invariably peel up first and stick to my hair . These did not . Maybe they made rounded corners simply to be aesthetically pleasing ... but still , I liked this.But the final test ? I 've worn them now with a cableknit sweater jacket and silk and cotton . For hours . I put these babies to the test . Not one unstuck corner.As a side note , if you wish to print these out ahead of time then organize and hand out for people , you can separate the sheets with the adhesive still attached . Or if you want to keep them organized together , such as in alphabetical order , to help you find names you can ... and then just peel them off the backing without having to separate individually.I used these in 2 of my weight loss classes then at a social function . Passed the test ... printed well , -LRB- I printed one round on a laser printer and another on ink jet so they can work on both -RRB- made handing out easily , and stayed stuck . That 's enough for me .
 I have found all Avery labels to be typically easy to load and use , and these were no exception to that rule . What I found to be a particularly nice feature is the fact that you can peel the finished labels off the 8x11 sheet to stick to clothing , or you can peel an individual label WITH its backing to clip onto a brochure or package , and the recipient can peel off the backing to stick on his clothing later . Well conceived !
 I really appreciated that I could write out names on the labels and easily separate them without peeling them off . That way , I was able to easily pass out the labels to students and have helpers place them on the students . We did n't need to keep going back to one sheet and I did n't have to cut them and get my scissors sticky.The nametags stuck on nicely . I might just laminate them for next time though . I have used these to create bus tags and other types as well for my students and the color shows up crisply .
 These are neat name tags . You print an entire page -LRB- easy formatting -RRB- and can either leave the tags all on the page , or lift them out of the page , keeping the backing on each individual name tag . A great innovation ! Plus , the tags are a flexible paper that moves with your clothing , so they do n't buckle and fall off like some others have a tendency to do .
 Great for name tags or for labels in a pinch . No complaints ! And Avery 's downloadable templates make things easy to customize .
 Anyone can easily make name badges using this . I actually used the product to make personalized gift tags ! I used a mac computer and had no issues with the product and my computer or printer . The tags are easy to remove from the backing , stick well , and leave no residue behind on clothing .
 If you 're looking for nametags for your meeting or conference , these are the ones to buy . Unlike most name tags that tend to curl away from clothing , these are flexible and bend with clothing . They also seem to have a better adhesive than most nametags , but do n't leave a residue behind on clothing . These labels can be separated with the backing left in tact for later adhesion , so they can be sorted alphabetically if needed . They are also the perfect size to use for larger address labels on large manilla envelopes . If you are into Artist Trading Cards , these are the perfect size to stick on the back with your personal information . Everything I wanted changed about labels , they got right with this one .
 I use these to print my logo on . They are smooth and a nice size so these work for what I need . No issues with printing .
 Plain all-white labels easily peel off the main sheet of 8 labels each and onto wherever you want `` labeled '' . If you use them for name badges , you can remove the badge/label with the backing attached by turning the sheet over -LRB- easy ! -RRB- so you can organize/lay out individual name badges/labels . WARNING
 I love Avery products . The quality is ways great and the uses are handy . If you have a choice between an Avery product and a competing company ... . go with the Avery because you will not be disappointed .
 useful , work great , ca n't really go wrong with these name tags if this is what you need . we like to have these around for events where people do n't know each other . nice size .
 These really work well with my brother laser printer . You can download the template from the Avery site . If you are reasonably adept with Word , the whole thing is easy to set up and use . I recommend printing these a page at a time using the external paper feed mechanism of your printer . I have so far done two sets of badges for our association 's dinner conferences . A real benefit to us .
 I am charged with creating monthly name badges for an organization . I find the avery name badges easy to work with and fun to create .
 These worked great for name badges for our Alumni Banquet last spring . Being blank you can put pictures as well as names on them .
 The Avery 5395 labels arrived in perfect condition in just 2.5 days after I placed the order ! They are in Florida , I am in northern Illinois . I used their cheapest shipping option . List price for the labels is about $ 61 . My TOTAL cost was only $ 24.24 !! I hope I can be a repeat customer some day .
 Fabulous product !! Amazingly fabulous price !! Highly recommend purchasing this product from amazon.com !!
 We recently held a luncheon for 150 industry guests . I put a light-yellow background and logo on these , then printed everybody 's first name real big in dark blue . Underneath was their last name and company name . The badges looked fantastic.The price is a bit expensive for stickers , but the adhesive sticks sell to clothing and comes off easily . Overall I 'm real happy .
 I am arranging a reunion for 150 people who have n't seen one another for 40 years , so name badges are a must . I searched high and low for an easy solution and although these were expensive coming from the USA , they absolutely fit the bill.Why does nobody make them in the UK ?
 This is a great product ! I use them to make lables for my candy etc. . The only problem I have had is they seem to be a bit slippery and when they go into the printer they sometimes come out crooked . I 've been guiding them in by hand .
 This was our second time buying this product . Quality is top notch ! We are so happy with this avery label compared to other &#34; office store &#34; in house versions . Also , through Amazon the price is actually less then the office store knock-off version .
 I bought these labels to use for moving boxes - easy to print out a few sheets so you can slap a label on each side , making sure you know the contents of the box no matter where it 's stacked . Easy to peel and stuck very well .
 I ordered the card which I now use as my groups membership card . Easy to use product but read instructions . The card could be a little heavier but it does serve my needs .
 I used to try to using 2 '' x 4 '' shipping labels for my name tags at meetings , but they kept falling off . These name badges are of excellent quality and remain affixed to your shirt or jacket without leaving any sticky residue when you take them off after the meeting . I highly recommend these name badges .
 The Avery labels were just what I needed -- reasonably priced , easy to print on and use . Amazon did a great job in getting them to me quickly , too .
 They are Avery rolodex cards to be printed from the computer . Not much to say other than they work well and look good These are the only larger rolodex cards I could find If you need them in the future , you better buy them now before they become extinct .
 Because all other makers seem to have discontinued making these cards , it was wonderful to find them through Avery . i would like the card stock to be heavier , though .
 Item suited my grandmothers needs exactly . She was extremely happy with the product and ls always excited when she can find these cards .
 I bought one of these desks when returning to school for 4 years . I can not overstate how much this desk helped me every single day in my studies.I had many medical classes , writing classes , and college math courses to take , and all of them were easier thanks to this desk . The large slanted writing area had plenty of space for me to open up a large notebook or workbook , while reading/studying from 2 large , heavy textbooks which were resting and held open on the upper shelf . The slight angle of the upper shelf allows you to keep the books open to a specific page without holding the book with your hands . You can have so much more reading and study material in so much less table space thanks to the upper shelf , and you can even store other things underneath the slanted board within easy reach as long as you are leaving the desk open . It was so much easier to refer to books while I was writing , and the slanted surface -LRB- with an adjustable angle -RRB- made writing easier . It folds down to be fairly flat and easier to transport . There are different sizes , styles and woods to choose from if you shop around a little.When I needed to refer to more than 2 books , I used a couple of Easi-Reader book stands for the other hardcover books.This desk , Easi-Reader book stands , and a `` full-spectrum '' reading lamp were the keys to my academic success , and made all my academic accomplishments easier and less stressful.Highly , highly recommended !!
 I need to keep my neck erect while reading for long periods of time . This ergo desk is ideal . It is sturdy enough for heavy books and large enough for newspapers etc. .
 This was just what I needed and was having trouble finding . I 'd found legal size binders on clearance somewhere and use them for storing historical legal documents that I 've collected in documenting my genealogy . This is much easier than searching in a store .
 I use the name badge inserts , and the top loading name badges , for a church functions . they came in handy because i refill the left over inserts and therefore it save me money .
 I used these for name tags -LRB- Avery Pin Style Top-Loading Name Badges -RRB- at an event for a Fortune 50 company that was attended by upper-upper management . Avery has templates for their different badge sizes on Microsoft Word - super easy to print . Just make sure to practice printing so you know for sure which way the printer will print on the sheets - two different printers printed two different ways for me .
 I purchased the name tag holders separately and needed some additional name tag inserts . In the past I tried a cheaper brand and that was a mistake . Thus I went back to Avery since the inserts fit the holders exactly and the printing comes out much nicer .
 Makes attractive and nice size name tags . Easy to use andA box of 400 goes a long way for the price .
 This fufilled our expectations . Service was timely . We were very satisfied with the product and the price . Will order again when needed .
 The product was exactly what I had ordered and was delivered in a timely fashion . I am very pleased .
 Same as what is in the stores , less expnsive . Ontime shipping , had inserts within 2 days .
 No complaints , I have used the product before and this order was just as excellent as any others I 've ordered .
 I purchased the smaller package of 3 up badges , but they would n't print using the Avery Template . These worked perfectly .
 These refills worked great for the event we held . It was easy to print on them with my printer . The mail merge feature in Word made life really easy . Thanks Avery .
 Inserts worked great . Better than using card stock and trying to cut name tags to fit badges . Highly recommend product .
 I was very satisfied with the name badge refills . It is my responsiblity to provide name tags for an organization that I am in . These were the correct size and weight and using the proper template makes them easy to use .
 The product was as expected and the seller did an excellent job - highly recommended !
 The Avery product is the standard against which others are measured . The Name Badge Insert Refills work fine in a laser printer ; no jamming , no mis-feeds and no areas of poor image . The were used in a B&W laser printer as well as a color laser printer . The stock is not very heavy ; that is fine since the badge does not stand alone but is put into a plastic holder . Amazon price was a bit better than other sources . Avery remains reliable as does Amazon
 These work great with : Baumgartens 67830 HORIZONTAL Clear Vinyl ID Badge Holder . 4 '' x 3 '' . Pack Of 50if you are supplying your own lanyard . Our lanyards have only one clip -LRB- from LanyardsRus.com -RRB- so we usually print two inserts per badge so that of the badge flips over you still have a visible name tag .
 Avery continues to provide superior paper products and these name badge inserts proved to be perfect for the printer and the finished product .
 I was pleased with the product -- wish I could have gotten the number I wanted -LRB- in quantities of 100 -RRB- instead of having to take 300 .
 I could not find this size any where locally or the nearest city about 45 miles away . So glad you had it in stock . They are printed and ready to hand out Saturday.thanks , Vicki
 I used this product for a convention that needed fast , easy to make badges.The template included for this works wonderfully , and lined up perfectly.The only issue I had is that the pages would stick slightly , even with fanning them prior to printing , so the printer would sometimes misgrab . This would result in out of paper errors , and paper jams about every 10 pages . I have used thicker paper before in my printer , and did not have the issue.Even with this issue , I would purchase and use again .
 300 name badges in the box so it takes a very large group to use them all up . I use them for identification at our church 's Men 's Breakfast . Will take a long time to use up . Avery has a template that is easily downloaded for word processors and very easy to use . Shipping was fast . Price was excellent . Recommend for everyone who needs a product like this .
 Nothing fancy here ! I use these for name tags for my interns . Interns only stay a semester , so it is nice to have these refills to make new name badges each semester . They are a little large for name badges , so a 2x4 inch option may be better .
 I found this to be the best price and they are high quality labels . They worked great with our badge holders but I developed my own template instead of using Avery 's download to fine tune the printing .
 The product was as described and in excellent condition . I am very happy with this purchase and boo-yah . Buy NOW !!!!
 I never received the labels ordered and they were very quick to issue me a full refund against the item including shipping .
 We will be a repeat customer on this product ! They are easy to use , are a good quality and buying them in a large quantity gave us a good value . This was the lowest price on these Avery cards that we could find . Free shipping helped also !
 I order most of my products through Amazon now because I know after comparing to our `` contracted '' vendor that the pricing is about 1/2 of what I would have paid . So I am saving my company money by doing so .
 This reader is heavy , durable , and easy to install . I like it because it 's weighty enough that you can pull your card in and out without having to hold onto the reader , and does n't get in the way like a card reader built into your keyboard is likely to do . If you 're trying to decide between this and other similarly priced Smartcard readers , this is the one you want . I 've used other CAC readers manufactured by Schlumberger , and SCM , and this is by far the most durable , reliable , and convienient card reader on the market .
 It 's size and weight make it a nice desktop device . Works well .
 Product works as described use it for my common access card and it works well , expected nothing less from cherry .
 Works great with my CAC card . Weighted base is a great feature . If you 're looking for a CAC reader I highly recommend it . Easy installation . Does what it 's supposed to .
 works well software installed without difficulty hadsljh ads ` ak dfaf fcadf fa ffa it it it it it ti ti ti
 Very well built product . I like it that it is stand up so you are less likely to forget your card . It is heavy enough so when you pull your card out the reader stays put which is not like the cheaper reader that that you holding the reader in one hand and pulling your card out with the other . The product is fully plug and play and I have had no issue with these reader going on 8 months or so . Fellow work colleagues liked it so much they have purchased their own
 in order to access DoD sites passwords are no longer needed . with CAC access allow you to secure entry with out the painful need to retype a user name and password and if you are able to access remotely from home a CAC reader is needed . i will be honest that there is no real difference from this device to any other just that it sands up which is really nice .
 I recently ordered 18 boxes of this item for a convention . The badges arrived quickly , worked perfectly , the paper went through the printers with little issue , everyone got their badge , and the event was a success!One caveat that registration ran into , was that they had to staple the badges into the plastic holders , because the badges did frequently slip out . But that 's not a deal-killer with us .
 I did a google search for these name badge pins and it resulted in me purchasing these from Amazon.com . Could n't beat the price and they were delivered in good condition .
 Purchased these tags for a reunion . They worked well . The plastic and pins were a tad flimsy , but the card stock for the actual name helped give the tag some structure .
 Used these for a work event at a Fortune 50 company attended by upper-upper management . Paired with the Avery Name Badge inserts and used a Word template -LRB- Avery product templates are built into Word -RRB- and they looked great - very professional .
 Overall , the badges were great - just as advertised , and the price was outstanding . They were purchased as part of a conference for around 400 people . The only caveat with the item -LRB- and this may be more of an issue with Microsoft or our printer -RRB- is that the template for the badges was off . I had to play with the margins , and size of the badges -LRB- a lot -RRB- to get them to print appropriately . A tad frustrating , but I would definitely buy them again -LRB- especially now that I have the margins figured out !! -RRB- .
 The name tags were a great price and arrived in a timely manner . I 'm very pleased and would recommend this product .
 The neck style badges -LRB- a string hangs around the neck -RRB- work better than the pin style . You do n't worry about making holes to the garment or the pin getting to your finger . But the trade off is that you need to tide double knots for each end of the string after inserting thru the plastic badge holes . Single knot wo n't secure it . The end of string has a little metal thing for you to turn and make a T-shape . But sometimes it does not totally secure it.The printing part is very very easy , especially if you know how to do mail-merge from Microsoft excel to word label .
 The strings are nicer and they have new tips that are easier to feed in the holes and unlikely to slip out . The plastic is a nice medium weight in my opinion . I wish they 'd include an extra sheet of the inserts . Surely I 'm not the only one who has to re-do one every once in a while.Had some trouble with the Avery template . -LRB- Ca n't remember what , I 've already blocked it from my memory -RRB-
 easy to use and they are re-usuable as well , so you save a lot of money , great for church and business meetings
 I bought these for a conference that I was planning and I am glad I did . We used them to hold name tags and also the meal tickets . Great quality name badges that I will purchase again .
 Very easy to use . I printed the cards quite decoratively and everyone at the function said they seemed really classy and much nicer to wear than just sticker with marking pen . Very little money and effort to make an excellent impression .
 Looks like an overstock or return , box is a little damaged , but the product inside was fine , no issues . We have used these before and they fit the bill for us perfectly .
 Needed it for physics lab , worked well enough . I like the hard -LRB- ish -RRB- covers . The graph lines were perfect , dark enough to make out , but light enough to not obscure what you 've written .
 Large size makes it easy to read and add photos , if you like . Simple to set up and print .
 Nation wide chain wanted at least twice the price for the identical name tags I got on line . Thank you .
 This is the perfect badge for any event where names are paramount . They are easy to make and easy to put-together .
 These badges were perfect for conference hostess committee . Easy to work with ; excellent results from computer using names and photo .
 This was a good buy . Was what we were looking for . Name badges looked great when we made them . Thanks
 Program was really easy to customize the badges on your computer and then print out . Easy to rip apart and put into the holders themselves . Can easily be reused .
 Have always loved Avery 's products and their printable templates . Excellent product and will definitely continue to purchase products from Avery
 Just wanted to note that the plastic used on these badges are not the `` acrylic clear '' ones , they 're fine though but wanted everyone to know . They 're very easy to use with the Avery software , sure made creating name tags for a class reunion .
 The badges work very well . They come with all thats needed , so it 's just a matter of opening the package and go to work . The badges enable you to have all the necessary information to be typed on clearly , then attached them to the particapants . Great product , excellent shipping timing .
 I was looking for name badges to use for an upcoming school reunion and luckily I ran across these on Amazon.com . I had looked at doing laminated ones and other brands and this was the best deal I found . They are exactly what I needed . Thanks Amazon for coming through again !
 They were great ! The name tags worked well and gave a professional look ! They did not fall off or slid around .
 These badges have been used for our ladies retreat meetings for the past several years , and I must say this larger size lends itself to making name tags more than a formality . Plenty of room to use large script and embellishment , too !
 These hanging Avery name tags are ideal for conferences . The paper inserts of are high quality and will take graphic intensive print jobs easily . The lanyards work great . I ordered four boxes of these , one of which came with tag holders that were slightly warped due to heat . They did n't prevent us from using them , but they did n't look as nice as those in ideal condition . After leaving the warped ones in the sun for an hour they uncreased , which was great . All of the tags looked fantastic , and I would without question use them again.A note on producing name tags using mail merge
 The neck sytle badges -LRB- a string hangs around the neck -RRB- work better than the pin style . You do n't worry about making holes to the garment or the pin getting to your finger . But the trade off is that you need to tide double knots for each end of the string after inserting thru the plastic badge holes . Single knot wo n't secure it . The end of string has a little metal thing for you to turn and make a T-shape . But sometimes it does not totally secure it.The printing part is very very easy , especially if you know how to do mail-merge from Microsoft excel to word label .
 Very good product , nice size , easy to insert card stock . But be prepared to insert the strings which can take a couple of hours .
 These labels worked quite well . I used the Avery Design & Print software because I needed about 150 labels . The software is somewhat basic -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- and super easy to use . The only issues I had with the software was when I wanted to re-merge to print a few more labels . Seems that the software saves the merged product , so I had to re-create the product to print more -LRB- different badges -RRB- . All things considered I would rate this a superb product .
 These badges were perfect for our needs . They are a bit softer and more flexible than other badges , an advantage , since some badges are uncomfortable to wear . Best part is the universal use of Avery templates in all Word Processing programs making for a perfect fit!Would definitely buy again .
 Being a conference registration person and having to make up name badge the cost was most important to me . While looking for the product Amazon had the name badges at a cost that was way more reasonable then if I went to the store to purchase the same item . I am very grateful for Amazon assistance in helping me afford the product at a time when cost is everything ... !
 I purchased these Hanging Name Badges online for almost 1/2 of the store cost . It is the exact same product that is carried in the office supplies stores.Avery changed to new cords but I do not care for the new length . It is about 4 '' longer than the previous ones . I hope it gets changed back to the previous length.I recommend this product for your next conference or covention !
 This is a good product at a great price . I saved about 1/3 over buying this at Office Depot .
 Everyone in the club likes not having to use a pin-badge or clip-badge . The hang-badges are the easiest , and does n't harm the shirt/blouse . We use the Avery program -LRB- free -RRB- as the software . I am computer savy , but not an expert . The program to set up and use a database of the club members , can be a bit intimating for the new user , but hang with it , and you can figure out how they think . Hope this helps .
 Easy to print labels for this . The hanging name badge is much more preferable to a pin-type version which you have to stick through your clothes or even a clip which can still cause damage to clothes .
 Compared to buying at Staples saved nearly 50 % . Only problem is that the pockets for the name tag are muted - they would be easier to read if they were clear .
 They were perfect for my need and were very easy to use once I figure out how they were to be put together
 Came quickly , and was just what we wanted . Much easier than going from store to store hoping they had this product . s
 The insertable hanging name badges were exactly as expected . We will be using these for attendees at a convention . We especially appreciate saving on the cost by ordering through Amazon .
 Great size to put graph/theme and still have lots of room for names and titles that you can read easily.Our group does not like the ones that pin to your shirt .
 Received hanging name badges with quick delivery . Badges were clear , perfect size.Used for family reunion . Came with inserts - very easy to use and very easy toprint . I have an HP . Just a note
 This product is exactly what I needed for our event . They were easy and simple to use and turned out beautifully using our regular printer !
 I ca n't believe how hard it was to find these full page name badges . Everyone co , mended on how hard it was to use the 1/2 sheet sold by other retailers . Thank goodness Amazon.com had it and ir was very reasonably priced .
 I had ordered this for someone who needed a second box except this person paid $ 80 -LSB- USD -RSB- for this exact same product at one of the `` Big Name '' Stores ! I could not believe it the exact same thing here nearly 60 % off ! Very important to this person was that it indeed was the exact same thing they had bought in the store
 It is great and the price was right . I received it in less than 1 week from the order date . Can not ask for more .
 The downloadable word template works well . You can make 1008 price tags or maybe stickers with little witticisms . Save the word document and you can make up new witticisms or print up more prices . Handy .
 I used the online template and it was very easy , and went through the printer very easily . I used these labels to label my spices and it worked perfectly .
 Lables are very easy to remove without damaging whatever they are affixed to . Great product for quick labeling of products .
 It was Just what I needed . Good size , printed well , easy to use , pulled off easily too . Good price as well .
 These little labels are perfect ! The sheets fit in the photo tray of my HP printer and go through without a problem . Just the right size !
 Avery Self-Adhesive Removable Labels , 1-Inch Diameter , White , 600 per Pack -LRB- 05410 -RRB- Was cheaper here on Amazon.com than Office depot or Office Max . Always trusted Avery products with my PC and Printer .
 You may be more observant than me , but when I saw the picture I was thoroughly expecting letter sized sheets . I was n't disappointed , it was really more funny than anything when I saw the miniature package . I of course should have gathered that from the layout.Super easy to use for a printer , the template is much better than a lot of other templates I 've seen .
 These stickers are of good quality . They stick on well and are easily removed if need be . They are also a good size for fitting just the right amount of writing on them . They arrived fast and packaged well . I would recommend this item and seller .
 I use these for my Etsy craft business to seal my products wrapped in tissue paper , and print my logo on the circles . Makes for an inexpensive but cute solution , and they are the perfect size .
 It 's smaller than I expected . I did n't pay attention to the size of the sheets and they are not 8 &#34; x11 &#34; but work well enough in my printer . It 's also hard -LRB- for me at least -RRB- to get the cirlces to perfectly line up and I ended up just making them smaller than the sticker so they would fit . Other than that though it 's a good product and a good price .
 We used these as part of a &#34; Dress casual &#34; fundraiser - they are the perfect size -LRB- about the size of a quarter -RRB- and arrived very quickly !
 These labels are the perfect size to fit the tops of spices . I have a pull out shelf that I use for my spice rack , and to easily identify them from the top -LRB- which is all I see -RRB- , I use these labels .
 These are easily removable yet stay put on the surfaces . I use them to date and label everything from my spices to the home made tahini and hummus in the fridge so its nice that the labels remove easily yet I can always count on them being in place . A black sharpie extra fine marker is this little label 's best friend .
 I had plenty of stickers for my huge garage sale . They stuck to everything including clothing . Very satisfied . I might have preferred a bigger size for some things , but for just writing a price with a Sharpie they were fine .
 This vendor provided excellent service -LRB- quick and just what was hoped for -RRB- , with a `` life-time '' supply of inch-dimater round white sticky labels that I needed , at no greater cost than my previous `` life-time '' supply bought decades ago .
 Used these to number clothespins for a game and they served their purpose without any issue . Stuck well but also did n't leave any residue when removed . Still have plenty leftover so it was cost-effective as well .
 I wanted this to print a removable label I could put on the back of my notebook . Well the product is fine but it not so easy to cut with an exacta knife .
 We used these when we had to put a label on our kids ' stuff every day going to daycare . Saved a LOT of time over writing their name on masking tape . Try to remove the label before it gets too wet .
 Great for temporary labels on anything . Comes off easy and without any sticky residue left behind . Great way to recycling sorting items , containers , envelopes , manila folders , etc.LOVE IT !
 I use these for labeling baby bottles with the date for daycare , and they are great . Use the address size if you need to add other information .
 Works perfectly on a variety of surfaces . I use it to organize the pantry , label drawers , on baby bottles , file folders , basically any non-fabric surface . Huge improvement over Post-It notes , which is what I tried first . As another commenter noted , do n't try to remove it while it 's wet . If the label does get wet , just let it dry and it will remove cleanly .
 Ordered this product for home brew labels . They remove easily from the bottle . Laser rpinter works better for water exposure . Product shipped fast and no residue upon removal .
 I just started using these labels for homebrew bottles . They stick well initially , and remove cleanly , making reuse of the bottles a breeze ! They are somewhat reusable on porous surfaces , but their second use on smooth -LRB- glass -RRB- surfaces is less than optimal ... but this may be due to applying the labels with some condensation on the bottle . If they were applied to a warm , dry bottle , it may work better . I 'm still experimenting with that.The labels do wrinkle a little bit when they get damp , but they hold together . I also use an Epson Workforce 845 inkjet printer to print the labels , and the ink seems to be waterproof.I also use these to print stickers for my kids , since they love putting stickers on everything ... and it usually takes goo-gone to get them off . These labels come off so easily , it really simplifies our lives . The kids like being able to move their stickers around as well , so it 's a win-win .
 This is the only photo paper that I 've used for many years now . It produces a great photo every time . It really is the best !
 This is the best photo paper out there period ! I have used many , many kinds and none compare . I had never used it before until now and I was printing my son 's prom pictures and I have to say it is the best by far !
 Great labels for color coding things . 1/4 '' red dots . Box acts as a dispenser . Permanent adhesive keeps the color code in place during handling and storage.Beware the Amazon description ! They are NOT in a 4 '' x 6 '' sheet . They are in a 5/16 '' wide roll . Also , they are NOT printable through any laser in inkjet printer that I am aware of .
 I 've used these to attach pictures to windows . They are easily removable without a trace .
 We use these to color code our dates in food storage . This is wonderful ! Our kids are told which color goes in front every time we create more food storage items . They help us rotate foods accordingly , think it is fun to learn food storage , and encourages our children to learn this skill with joy .
 I did n't catch the description , but these are not solid , they are opaque . Did n't bother me for my needs , just should have read closer .
 you ca n't beat this product for the price from any where on line or off . i will tell all my friends about this deal .
 These pass . Easy to set and run through my Epson printer and once attached to the folder they stay stuck . That 's all I needed them to do .
 I 've used a few other brands and types of paper , and this Fuji premium paper is by far the best I 've tried . I print family pictures on a Lexmark photo printer , and the pictures come out clear and vibrant . Other papers I 've used produce dull and grainy pictures .
 I like the photo paper for my canon ink jet printer . A couple of picture did not dry immediately . I am still impressed with the quality of paper .
 i tried many other brands and other types of photo paper , but this is by far my favorite.if you want photo quality photo 's from your cheap little inkjet printer , use this paper ! you will not be disappointed .
 I finally found a VERY FINE dry-erase pen and it has a built in eraser!I only wish I could find it in black .
 We use this markers for our homeschool needs . Mainly math . I place my children 's math worksheets into sheet protectors and we use this dry erase markers to complete the worksheets.with the sheet protectors the sheets are not marked up and I can save them for the next child , next term . And this markers work perfect because the tip is fine enough to answer the problems , they wipe easily and clean and come with an eraser .
 I 'm giving 5 stars because they are really UltraFine . It 's a weird shape marker and the cap is awkward . Problem is that they are very hard to find -LRB- I could only found Red -RRB- and I suspect being discontinued .
 I found this to be the highest quality photo paper at the best price out there . It beats more costly paper hands down and you get 100 sheets instead of 20 for the same price . How great is that ! Works great with my Epson printer .
 I have been searching for Fuji film . The last store I found it in was KMart and now they do n't have it . I was very happy to find it on Amazon . I think the quality of this fim surpasses any other .
 The paper stock is thick and heavy , the surface is super glossy . I bought some cheap -LRB- generic -RRB- printer ink from Amazon and have a field day with these paper.Total cost including ink is less than 40 cents per 8 `` x10 '' . The colors turn out brillient , solid and very photo like . Kudo to Fujifilm .
 This sharpener is unbelievable . No , for real ... My old sharpener dies on me but it was one of the first electric models to come out so I 'd had it for a while . This sharpener is quicker and sleek . It matches my decor . And , I 'm sure with the name of Stanley / Bostich , I will have this sharpener for years to come .
 This pencil sharpener is being used in a classroom alongside another brand of pencil sharpener . We 'll see which sharpener outlasts the other .
 I like it since it is easy to use , quick response . fine color print . The fax is very convenience . I would suggest it to everyone .
 maybe just a fluke , but mine had very dim display , had to view from very limited angle with no glare .
 A gift item purchased for my significant other , she likes it very much and reports it fills all her needs . Size of labeles , ease of reading them when completed . Likes the fact that blank labeles are easily available and that the unit does have an AC Adapter available , which I will have to order for her care of Amazon.com .
 I have ordered four of these labelers for our office and farm.We have two for our office.One at our shop , and one for our ranches.We use this labeler for EVERYTHING.It works great and we have never had one glitch .
 Would have given it a 5 but the power cord is an accessory for purchase . The labeler in my office was delivered with the AC adapter .
 I would have given this labeler a 5 , but the screen can be a bit difficult to see . Love the capability and ease of use though . When I first put batteries into it , I thought it was broken because I could n't get the screen to react . However , it turned out that you have to have the screen at a certain angle to see it . That 's my only complaint . The labeler has great flexibility and is a great value .
 I love my Brother PT-1880sc label maker . It does everything I need and then some . It is easy enough for my kids to use to . In fact , they made labels for all of their toy bins , and they actually put their toys in them now . I love it !!!!
 I have had many different labelers but non compare to this one . When I got this labeler I thought I was not going to like it cuz it was big and bulky but after I started to use it , I actually really like it . It makes really clear labels and it has a lot of good features too . so if I was to recommend a labeler to someone , this would be the one . I will never get another labeler to replace this one , if htis one brakes after time which I do n't think it will , I 'll just get the same one .
 This Brother label maker is easy to use and inexpensive . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I ordered a labeler from this seller and received it , as advertised , in new condition and in the timeframe expected . It works great and I 'm happy with it .
 It works well for what it is . The only negative is the amount of tape it wastes on each end . That 's why it a 4 star .
 Ordered the labeler and it came in a timely way in perfect condition . The labeler is a great device and the Amazon price is hard to beat .
 This product is great ! Ca n't understand why anyone would pay more for anything else . Works great !
 This is a wonderful little machine ! Works great ! It cuts the label itself . I love it.HOWEVER , It is VERY hard to understand the directions . You do need a advanced degree in enginnering to work this piece of equipment.But , I highly recommend it and give it 5 stars . Just do n't think you can figure it out on your own , because you ca n't !
 I borrowed a friend 's Brother PT-1880 , and then had to run out and get my own ! Was thrilled to find it here on AZ for about half the going rate at brick & mortar shops . Not the flashiest model out there -LRB- and does n't hook up to the computer -RRB- , but I just did n't think the extra features were worth the mark-up for my needs . This one prints in two fonts plus various styles & sizes , includes a good number of symbols and frames , and is small and light enough to tote around to every room of the house - like I did . At one point I was standing enthralled in the center of my kitchen , just spinning around in rapture asking myself , `` what ELSE needs a label on it ?! '' :--RRB- So far the labels have worked in every application I could think of
 Have debated getting one of these for years , and after checking reviews on Amazon , decided on this one . Easy to use and set up -LRB- especially since my last labelling experience was on the old squeeze to imprint letters plastic tape ! -RRB- . The PT-1880 has
 We use label makers at work , and this is more or less an inexpensive version of those . This one has fewer fonts and print options that the more expensive models , but prints simple labels with pretty much the exact same quality . This does not come with a power supply , so you need to buy that separate -LRB- model AD-24 for about 27 bucks -RRB- , or use batteries .
 So I picked up a book by a professional organizer , and she said the first thing you do is go buy a Brother P-Touch labelmaker . Six months later I can tell you it was GREAT advice!Four cautionary notes :1 . There are umpteen different types of PT-Touches . Buy one that uses the TZ-series tape cassettes ! The other ones -LRB- using , I believe it 's the M-series -RRB- will foil your organization dreams when it takes you three frustrating minutes to peel the adhesive covering off the back of each -- EACH ! -- label . The paper cover on the TZ adhesive strip is split cleanly down the middle for the length of the entire strip . No matter how tiny an individual label is , it 's easy to fold it gently and pop up the edges of the paper covering to be peeled off .2 . You will positively need a P-Touch that accepts an AC adaptor , and you will have to pay extra for the AC adaptor . These machines , including the little ones , will burn through a fortune in batteries real quick .3 . The complaints about waste of blank label space before and after the printing of each label are absolutely correct . Plan to make multiple labels at once -LRB- with a couple of hits of the space bar between labels -RRB- and THEN print the strip out to minimize waste . The memory of the device wo n't allow you to do more than 12 '' -14 '' of this type of work before you 'll have to stop , print , erase the text , and begin again . FYI
 This is a very good value for the money . I was looking for a Brother label maker that used TZ tapes and found this one . I do n't think there is anything else out there in the same price range with comparable features . So far this thing is working as advertised , no issues .
 Brother P-Touch 1880I purchased the Brother P-Touch 1880 after researching several less-expensive models , but I made my decision after I used the 1880 in our office . This particular 1880 has seen dozens of rolls of tape and has served the office well for a number of years . I figure if this unit could withstand this much use without any problems , it was well worth the money.The 1880 comes with 1 free sample roll of laminated TZ231 '' black text on white tape . I recommend using the NARROW margin setting with the MAX text size . It uses 6x AA batteries , but you can save money by using rechargeable NiMH AA batteries . An AC adapter is available , but it is like carrying around a tether.I 've almost finished my sample roll and put the labels on almost everything . My laptops , desktop PCs , and even the Logitech G27 steering wheel are sporting several of the labels . I needed to label the functions for all of the buttons so I would n't get confused.Pros
 This was purchase to replace a Dymo label maker that the label would fade after 6 months . I was happy at first then I discovered I could not control the leader and trailing tape from the labels . Its ok for some but I should have opted for better ones at least the labels do n't fade away . I 'll keep it . My advice is to buy the better models and find a source for cheaper TZ tapes that from Brother .
 I had purchased another brand earlier in the year and ended up selling it as it was too complicated . This is very easy to operate and I would recommend it highly .
 I bought this because we have similar one at work and find it handy . It performs well and there was included tape to get you started .
 I was what we wanted , a good price , very interesting product that I am glad we purchased and it shipped on time .
 Lots of bells & whistles -- only tried the basics so far , and the machine performs just fine . Will keep the instruction sheet handy for when I expand my labelmaking horizons .
 I LOVE THIS LABEL MAKER WITH IT 'S VARIETY OF APPLICATIONS IN VARIOUS FONTS , FONT SIZES , AND THE VARIETY OF BORDERS FOR SCRAPBOOKING . VERY USER FRIENDLY!PLUS , MORE VARIETY IN THE LABEL CARTRIDGES IN SIZES AND COLORS!I HAD PURCHASED THE P-TOUCH MODEL PT-80 , IT WAS NOT USER FRIENDLY AND HAD WAY LESS OPTIONS . ON SALE THIS ONE ONLY COST $ 10.00 MORE THAN THE PT-80 , PAID $ 29.99 AT OFFICE DEPOT.I WOULD BUY IT AGAIN , IN FACT I PURCHASED ONE FOR MY DAUGHTER-IN-LAWS MOM FOR CHRISTMAS 2009 , SHE IS AN AVID SCRAPBOOKER.ENJOY YOUR CREATIVITY !
 Return ed item as it was not needed , but have used similar items and they work fine
 Works good , instructions confusing . Purchased mine on Black Friday @ Staples online . Remember , uses 6 AA batteries unless you purchase transformer with unit , so do n't be surprised when you do n't get one with unit .
 I purchased this for outdoor use . The labels have withstood intense sun and rain . It 's simple to use and has come in handy for all kinds of things . I 'm quite satisfied with the quality .
 We purchased this product to organize our kitchen . We have lots of Zip Lock twist-top containers in the kitchen , and things were getting a little bit too confusing in there . We saw some cheaper label printers , but we picked this product because this one can store info about your labels -LRB- font , letter size , margin , and so on -RRB- . This allows you to create all your labels in the same format . Also , it 's very easy to use . I did n't really have to read the owner 's manual .
 This product is available as of today , March 12 , 2012 , for 19.99 at BJs . Unlike many stores , the package includes an AC plug , a very expensive option . It has the same model number , except a `` W '' is added at the end , probably making the distinction for Wholesale or Warehouse Clubs . While supplies last .
 The phone works well . However , from time to time you can experience some voice in the background . Easy to use .
 I love this phone . It is sleek , efficient and has so many functions . Very easy to use and takes up hardly any space . The reception is so much clearer than my previous cordless phone .
 It was as expected . Good service too . Hate typing out these reviews ... takes too much time and effort on my part .
 I use these in tubs at students ' tables . When working on quick Round Robin activities , they are perfect to help students do their work without wasting perfectly good pencils and paper - very earth friendly !
 The markers work great . I feel like they waste less ink per stroke . Much easier to write with on the whiteboard and save space too . No bad smell .
 These markers were cheap , but I was under the impression that a marker is a marker . My complaint is that the ink in these markers looks almost grey on a dry erase board . The ink just is n't very dark . My old dying markers are much darker than these.EDIT - Ends up that the first marker in my box was just messed up . The other markers write much darker . These were cheap , but I guess you get what you pay for ...
 These are great markers . They draw nice moderately thick black lines on whiteboards with style , grace and class unparalleled . Furthermore , they ERASE LIKE CHAMPS . You hear that ? You can ERASE THE MARKS YOU MAKE ! * And beyond that , there are TWELVE of them in this box . Now the box was a little dented when I got it . But the markers are all in perfect shape , and will last me at least the next year as I make slashes , backslashes and circles on my Darts Scoreboard . I think these must be the official marker of the National Darts Association of North America . Man , they 're great ! * So long as they 're made on a dry-erase board .
 I purchase supplies for a manufacturing facility that insists on using these markers - Expo brand original -LRB- not low odor , -RRB- green , fine point dry erase markers . They are VERY difficult to find - especially sold by the dozen . Thank you Amazon ! And yes , the markers perform very well .
 This purchase is an amazing deal . I find Expo markers to be of quality as well as durable and even attractive . This gives you a great set because even Expo eventually run out -LRB- especially when even the most careful of children are using them -RRB- . Great deal on these !
 So , the marker itself receives 4 stars for me . I only had it for a couple days -LRB- more on that in a minute -RRB- I used it twice and it writes very nice . It glides easily on any medium -LRB- I tried paper , jean , muslin , satin , and canvas -RRB- the tip is nice as well . The only reason it received a 4 out of 5 stars is because the expo markers are known for their strong odor . This one has that as well , while its something little , some people wo n't be able to get passed it.Now , as for service ? I give them a 2 . I ordered this item -LRB- It was listed as 1 dozen -RRB- and i received 1 -LRB- one -RRB- marker . Thats alright though , i figured it was just a tiny mistake and would be handled pretty efficiently . I jumped on amazon , emailed the seller and let him know , also i asked if it had been my fault , and if i had accidentally ordered just one . About a week goes by and i have n't received anything back from that seller , so i send another message to him and a message to amazon 's customer service.At this point , i was made aware that the item description was wrong , while they advertised for a dozen markers , its really only one . The merchant later said that it was amazon 's fault for not allowing more than one description for one item ? Amazon helped me quickly , and had initated an A-Z claim . Within minutes of me receiving information about my A-Z claim , the merchant emailed me asking me why i had filed . To be honest , it was my first A-Z and i was n't even aware that amazon had it , the customer support had done it for me.So i messaged the merchant telling him i had contacted him twice with no response , he said he never received anything . After a couple emails back and forth , and him saying he was out not only the price of the marker , and shipping , but also the marker itself -LRB- When i was sending it back anyways -RRB- , a week or so had gone by and i decided to give him feedback . I gave him 3 stars -LRB- I hate to only give 1 or 2 -RRB- and i mentioned that the product was listed wrong , and the merchant was slow to responding . I then received another email from him asking me why i would rate him that way . Very bad experience .
 These marker have worked great for my students ' individual whiteboards . They can stand a prolonged uncapping without drying out beyond resurrection , a major plus in a classroom environment . Too , the tips are super sturdy and hold up to the varied abuses wreaked upon them by my student 's . We 've been using them almost daily for six weeks and have n't lost one . Overall another great classroom product from Expo!If they can stand up to my fifth grader 's , they 'll certainly survive grown-ups !
 I was very happy to find the name brand in bulk at a great price . I do not know what to say other than , they work like I expect and yes there were 12 in the box . Great if you need a lot of them -LRB- like a set of 36 for the classroom ! -RRB-
 Needed expo pens for student use in my classroom . These were perfect . Was worried about odor , but not too odorous either . Used for student response on whiteboards . Kids love the immediate interaction . Thanks
 typical expo markers . work well , just like other reviews that convinced me to purchase the orignal markers and not low oder .
 Did n't want to spend a arm and a leg for dry erase markers . So I searched and found these and thought the price was to good to be true . Took a chance and ordered and received them a few days later . They were wonderful and wrote perfectly . The price for 12 was the less than the price for a set of 4 ! Thanks for the awesome buy !
 Ca n't beat the original expo markers.They last 2-3 times longer then the non-odor , and due to these being fine tip -LRB- smaller -RRB- the smell is not bad at all.I purchased green because they were three to four dollars cheaper then all the other expo original fine tips -LRB- except red , which I do n't like to use on my board , ... feels angry -RRB- The green shows up great on my little board I use to work out math problems for my math courses . -LRB- I was going through notebooks like crazy , and I picked this whiteboard trick up when I was in the tutoring center -RRB- Good Deal . Happy Customer .
 After trying several different brands of dry erase markers , Expo stands out as the best quality marker hands down . It keeps it 's shape , the ink is solid and long lasting . And the marker erases clean .
 Nice thin lines . Easy to use . Long lasting . Erases easily . Recaps well . Good price . Quick delivery . Wish you could order less than 12 at a time .
 This stool is perfect for my kitchen . It matches my maple cabinets almost exactly . It 's sturdy and attractive . My husband put it together in no time .
 Very nice product , it 's a very nicely made product . The instructions were pretty basic and not super helpful , but I got it together with no trouble . It was lacking any feet so it would slide on our bathroom floor . I bought some stick on rubber feet and it made it a lot safer .
 Winsome Wood Step Stool , NaturalEasy to assemble , looks great and very functional . It 's also very sturdy . We have high cabinets in our home -LRB- vaulted ceilings -RRB- and this stool has come in very handy .
 I read the previous reviews . I could n't disagree more !! Yes it is thin , that 's a plus !! I love the way my mouse operates on this surface . It improved my mouse performance very noticably . I also gave a few as gifts , and they have the same opinion . My mouse now moves at the speed of light , that takes some getting used to , I guess . It 's extremely precise , most people are not used to that kind of speed . I would n't go back to ` normal ' mouse pads ever again .
 Last week I was ordered by our roaming workplace safety/ergonomics `` SWAT '' team to raise the height of my monitor , just a bit . I 'd ditched a huge monitor riser only a few months ago because the same ergo-SWAT team decreed that my monitor was too high , but evidently that left my screen just a couple of inches shy of where it should be . I was tempted to just shove a Yellow Pages under there -LRB- rather than just throw the thing straight in the recycling bin -RRB- but I 'm not sure that would go down too well.So , I scoured the websites of the usual office supply retail suspects and was surprised at just how hard it is to find a suitable monitor riser if that 's all you really want
 I have 2 monitors at my desk and lots of papers . When I ordered the stackable risers , I ordered 4 , so that I could place 2 under each monitor . Now I place all my papers neatly under each riser and I feel organized . I pull them out and put them back-in whenever I feel the need.The color of the risers match my desk and the metal makes it like they are part of the workstation . It really helps make my area less cluttered.Plus , they are durable !
 This is increadibly great product ! You can now enjoy your VOIP anywhere where there 's wireless internet . I spend hours on phone with my european clients almost for free !
 Through work and home , I 've used multiple shredders through the years . This is the quietest , most efficient shredder I 've used . The shredded material is in very small pieces , which gives me peace of mind . As others have said , it runs quietly . I have n't yet shredded any credit cards , but there is a basket that catches those shreds , and I plan to run them back through in the other direction for more security . This shredder fits our needs perfectly .
 My previous shredder was a 1999 Fellowes PS-80 , which still works like new , after reliably shredding thousands of documents over the past 8 years . In order to protect my hearing , I have been wearing industrial ear muffs whenever I shred more than a few pages with this old machine . When I read about this new `` quiet '' MS-460Cs shredder , I decided it was time for an upgrade.Based on the advertising and the reviews , I expected the shredder to be quiet , but am amazed at HOW quiet this new machine is . The roar of my old PS-80 has been replaced by the gentle hum of the MS-460Cs . I can continue a phone conversation or listen to the radio while the shredder is running . I can leave my hearing protection gear in the garage , where it belongs.The paper shredding performance is robust , as described in some other reviews . Paper is chopped into tiny mulch , and the motor is rated to run for up to 10 minutes continuously before requiring time to cool down . This is more than adequate for my needs.There is a second , smaller opening for CDs and credit cards , which shreds items into strips . This is a security compromise , as I believe that a motivated thief could reconstruct a strip-shredded credit card and reconstruct the account number . To get a true cross-cut shred for the credit card , I feed the strips back into the shredder horizontally for a second pass . This is inconvenient , but it acceptable since credit card shredding is fairly infrequent for me.The controls are simple and intuitive . A Green LED indicates when the power is ON . There is an automatic sensor which turns the blades forward when papers or CDs / Credit Cards are inserted . There are also manual `` ON '' switches for both forward and reverse , which is convenient for maintenance or for shredding small items which do not trigger the automatic sensors . A 4 ounce bottle of oil is included with the shredder.This machine has advanced safety features . I was especially impressed how this shredder automatically and instantly pauses the motor and illuminates an orange LED if a person touches any area near the blades . The motor also stops if the waste basket is removed.The machine is tall , but fits nicely under my desk and easily rolls out on the included casters . There are recessed handles in the front and back of the machine to facilitate carrying the shredder if you are not able to roll it across your floor.If you can afford the price , the MS-460Cs is a good value considering the quiet and robust shredding performance , safe , easy to use design , and Fellowes track record of building reliable , long lasting equipment.Note - I am in no way affiliated with Fellowes or Amazon , but I do have high standards and appreciate a quality product .
 Bought this model to replace another more basic Powershred which has worked perfectly for 4 years without any maintenance . Replacement was driven by a need to shred CDs , DVDs & credit cards , and the Safe Sense technology seemed essential now I have a child.Paper shredding is very quiet -LRB- on an absolute scale , not just compared to its predecessor -RRB- . Shredded pieces are the smallest I have observed of any shredder.CD / DVD/credit card shredding is only strip cut not confetti cut . I might have missed that detail in the product information , or maybe confetti cut of CD/DVD/credit cards is not yet available , or not available at this price point . This was a minor disappointment but not sufficient to lead me to drop a star.I am not a heavy volume user -LRB- have n't been since I signed up on the do n't - send-me-any-more-credit-card-offers site -RRB- , so I ca n't speak to its ability to work effectively over extended periods , but for my relatively light use , assuming the quality of the brand has been sustained , I foresee this model serving me well for several years .
 We hear about road rage on the highways , but shredder abuse is the untold vice in the office . If you are subject to shredder rage , leave that attitude at work because if you bring it home , you will not be satisfied with this shredder or any shredder built for home use . And you will do harm.I have used this machine at home for several months now and am highly satisfied . It does what the ads say . It shreds paper very quietly into tiny pieces . It does so very smoothly , powerfully , and reliably . The tiny pieces pack together well , so you go longer before you have to empty the bin . There just is no comparison to my previous cross-cut shredder whose noise level seems like a jet engine by comparison . To continue enjoying all this great performance over time , you will have to do your part
 This is the best shredder on the market . It is so quiet and it really does a great job . I like the fact that it makes what you shred into so many tiny pieces and the container holds so much . Great product for the price
 Fellowes manufactures another excellent product with the Powershred MS-460Cs . In comparison with other brands that claimed to do similar work , this machine looks and feels far sturdier.The Fellowes is quieter and has the feel of a well built tool.It was shipped fully assembled in its factory packing inside another well packed box for safety . Upon removing it from the box , I found tiny remnants of a previous shredding job in the collection container-obviously a test from the factory to check quality.This beast finely shreds paper into bits that assure security , the reason I upgraded from a strip style shredder . Size of the shredded bits is crucial , but also noteworthy is that this machine cuts clean with no jagged edges to hold the bits together . Once something is run through this shredder , it is shredded for good.Motor noise is very low , even at full load . The noise is a hum instead of a grinding.It came with a container of blade lubricant and some container liners for the shredded pieces . This was a nice touch.I have a much older Fellowes strip-style shredder that I 've used in my home office for nearly 8 years . It , like the various Fellowes models we have at work , has never failed me.I 'm certain this newest machine will perform equally well for at least that long . After nearly two months of use it feels , sounds , and works like the first day.As a hint for shopping the various Fellowes offerings , I believe their accurate product descriptions are very helpful in determining what size and style machine to buy .
 Given that my last shredder purchase was in the late 90s , maybe I 'm easily impressed , but to say this shredder is excellent is an understatement . It was probably one of the best home office purchases I 've made in a while.When I read the previous reviews about how quiet it was , I kept telling myself , `` yeah , people are just saying that . '' Let me tell you , this thing is QUIET . It easily takes on 5-10 sheets at a time and does it with minimal noise compared to other shredders I demoed at local office supply stores . You could be on the phone , watching TV or doing anything and you would n't be interrupted with the loud `` growling '' other shredders make.Now , sure , noise is an important factor - but let 's face it - the purpose of a shredder is to shred . How does this thing do ? Let 's put it this way , if the pieces were any smaller you 'd call it `` dust '' ! Ok - so a little exaggeration there - but the pieces are so small I could n't believe it . NOTHING in the local stores came close . Even a heavy duty shredder at work -LRB- noisier by the way -RRB- does n't cut stuff up this small . If you want security - this is it . Again , you do n't give anything up to get the small pieces and quiet operation . It 's pretty fast . I shredded up 120 + pages in just a few minutes.Capacity is good . I had a lot of shredding to get caught up on when my old scanner bit the dust , but I 've only filled about 1/3 of the bin . They also throw in some oil and clear bags , a nice touch , so you are ready to go out of the box . Oh , prepare yourself , this is a heavy box that shows up on your doorstep!My only gripe , and it is a very small gripe , is the credit card shredder . The pieces are n't that small - and you really need to run the pieces through again - to ensure a relatively good shred . Obviously if you run a CD/DVD through it the disc will be rendered useless , but with a credit card if the thief can get your numbers , exp . date , and code from the back , they are golden , and I wish the shred mechanism there would be far smaller pieces.Overall this is probably one of the best office machines I 've ever bought for home use . I recommend it fully - and yes , it 's pricey , but it 's a good investment . I 'm hoping this machine will be around for many years as I ca n't imagine finding another machine at this price point , with the quietness , speed , thoroughness and capacity.HAPPY SHREDDING !
 I have owned approximately 10 schredders and Fellowes have been the best . The extra money you spend is well worth it . I own and manage a medical billing service so my business requires a lot of documents to be disposed of by schredding them . I have a Fellowes SB-99Ci cross cut schredder and it has worked very well and still does after 2 years of use . I decided on the Fellowes MS-460Cs to be the replacement for a non Fellowes schredder used by one of my associates for 4 years before failing . Due to the volume of schredding , the MS-460Cs requires ten times less basket emptying then the SB-99Ci , it produces a higher security level of schredding and it is also quieter .
 Exactly what I wanted . A bit expensive , but what price can you put on guarding your identity . I have already used one of these in a work setting so I know it will last for years in a home setting .
 has anyone had that s/n ? yet another amazon.com `` mix-up '' and I am left a , glaringly -- too glaringly , used shredder . they refuse to admit they sell used items as new , so maybe one of you had this shredder.if you did , please comment.for those review hounds who will cry about this not being a review or as inappropriate . I gave it 5 * ; I did not ding the product for a `` mix-up . '' I think this the most appropriate place though most reviews dated . with that said , I must add it is apparently a wonderful device , solid and appears well constructed . minus the stains and scratches , worn casters , and all the confetti in the teeth , the basket and the open area , and the horrible re-box job done to the packaging material , it appears to be a wonderful shredder . I highly recommend this shredder ... in new condition , that is.if it looks used ... check the s/n .
 I decided to spend the extra money on a more powerful shredder than I had previously . All the smaller shredders broke on me or froze up after a year of shredding . I received this one in Dec 2011 and it was magical . So quiet , and easily shredded papers and credit cards into tiny pieces . I would 've given it 5 stars but there 's a small lever inside the bin that catches the plastic bags -LRB- used to hold the shredded papers -RRB- . When you pull out the bag , you have to be careful or that lever will rip a hole in the bag and then everything falls out . Makes for some cleanup the first time . Now , I make sure to be very careful when pulling a bag out of the bin . Otherwise , you can chose not to use a bag in the bin . This is a great shredder and well worth the money .
 This shredder is large , and seems very well made . It cross cuts the paper into very small pieces -- about half the size of standard confetti . The safety feature is very sensitive -- if your fingers touch the opening to the shredder while feeding paper in , the shredder stops right away.I 've had no problems with it , and am very pleased with the quality and performance .
 We purchased this shredder from Amazon for our home office . It 's powerful , quiet and is just what we were looking for .
 Love this shredder . Last one , same model number , last for years . This time the shredder is a little taller , but much quieter than the previous one .
 After messing around with two low cost shredders , I bit the bullet and got this one . It is great . Does the job well . Is very quiet . My only minor complaint is it is larger than I thought it would be . That should be expected with a bigger motor and basket for the VERY tiny shredded results . Very happy . The price was great .
 I was impressed with how many sheets this shredder can handle . I was also impressed on how if it happens to come across a staple , it stops and does n't proceed -LRB- I was able to gently remove the paper , remove the staple and proceed shredding once again -RRB- . I bought additional oil -LRB- anyone buying this , it is very important to buy additional shredder oil -RRB- . The recommended bags for this work fine and are durable . The output of the paper matches the expectation I had , something roughly the size of a very fine piece of confetti.Someone else mentioned that this is not a good choice for credit cards - I agree . However I 'm happy with it 's destruction of CDs and DVDs , and especially paper products.The instructions that came with the product state not to put labels into the shredder . I accidentally put one in , and have not repeated this . I keep mine oiled per the instructions and it works well.On `` bill day '' for me , I shred a lot and on that day I do a lot of shredding . I 've found when i do a lot of shredding that the device will automatically shut itself off with a thermal switch until it has cooled off sufficiently . I 've sped up the cooling process by placing a fan directly on the top of the machine and running the fan for a bit and that takes care of the thermal switch faster than the typical wait time.I 'm very glad I bought this , it is a great method for me to trust my junk mail or other documents are not being harvested by others . identity theft is real and shredding one 's bills etc. is one facet of defense . This product is an excellent shredder and I 'm very glad I bought it . It is solid in it 's function , well designed , shreds to a very fine level and has been reliable .
 I owed an older strip shredder by Fellowes that has worked well over the years . This new confetti shredder is a vast improvement in quiet and security -LRB- size of shred -RRB- . Due to the nature of the shred , it is a tad slower since it has more work to do . Very good shredder . I hope it last as long as the last one.UPDATE
 This unit is replacing a Fellows PS80C which served me for many years . I was getting less and less capacity out of PS80 , and more frequent jams . I also wanted a shredder with a smaller particle size . I found too much was readable on the shreds of the old PS80 . If you put a statement in sideways and it lined up on a cutter wheel you could still make out my name , or even most of an account number or account balance.So far the new MS-460Cs is great!First of all it is VERY quiet . I can do my bill paying/shredding in the evening even after the family has gone to bed . That would not have been possible with the older PS80.The MS-460 has a very deep throat where you feed paper before it gets to the cutters . I 've found that this helps keep everything feeding square to the cutters and pages do n't fold up and get doubled over.The unit senses load and reverses the cutters before a jam occurs . Depending on the thickness of the paper the capacity could be a few sheets less than the stated ' 10 ' and the brains of the 460 have saved me a few times already.On the older PS80 shredder it would have tried to eat the paper , and if I was unlucky would have jammed to the point of needing to dissemble the whole unit and remove the cutters to clear the problem.The shreds are much smaller than the old PS80 and stack into the waste bin with much less air between particles . Even though the PS80 and the MS460 are similar in size I 'm finding I am getting 2-3 times the volume into the MS460.There is a separate container for the plastic shreds which is removable . This gives you a bit more space for paper in the main waste chamber . I think the cd/credit shredder is fine for CD 's but strip cut is marginal for credit cards . To help address this feed the cards so that the long edge goes in first . That way the numbers are cut onto as many strips as possible.I work with industrial shredders at work , and this is definitely not one of those . This is a SOHO -LRB- small office/home office -RRB- unit , and if you keep than in mind the unit will work fine . Keep it oiled , keep the cutters cleaned , and do n't try to shred 1000 's pages in a sitting and this unit should keep your private papers private for years to come.4-stars , would be a 5 if the credit cards got cross-cut shredding .
 Works great and is super quiet . The shreds are so tiny - think grain of rice . The SafeSense feature works well too . As others have pointed out , the CD and credit card shredder is a separate slot and shreds in rather large strips . Other than that , 100 % satisfied .
 We tested this shredder the day we got it because we had a backlog of paperwork we were anxious to take care of . This shredder did not disappoint ! Not only was the capacity great , the duration of time it would run was fantastic . Love the microshred as well ... we had a 1/2 bag of our old shred to compare it to and will never go back . Hoping this thing lasts for a long time , because we are certainly pleased !
 This shredder is helping me dig through my backlog of outdated papers and receipts -LRB- finally ! -RRB- . It 's quiet and can chomp through a good-sized wad of papers at once . The micro-cut shreds are , as another reviewer said , about the size of a grain of rice . Even the most motivated identity thief will give up and look for better pickings elsewhere.Fellowes 's help line puts you through quickly to a live person . They told me that they advise oiling the blades every time the bin fills up another 1/4 to 1/3 of the way -- not waiting until it 's full , as the current manual says . You can tell from listening to the blades that they run more smoothly when oiled frequently . Oiling is easy and takes half a minute . Follow the instructions in the manual , which involves repeating the procedure twice . Run it in reverse for a full minute a couple of times per binful as well , more if it slows down or starts accepting fewer sheets per pass.If you have thousands of pages of shredding , as I do -LRB- the result of a recent housecleaning binge -RRB- , then you 'll have to reconcile yourself to doing a ream or so per day . Maximum recommended daily duty cycle is 100 paper passes , and you can figure on running 5 to 10 pages through on each pass . You should also give it a 20-minute rest after every 10 minutes of use . You can push it beyond these limits without the overheat light shutting it down , but I would n't -- it 's hot to the touch by the time it overheats.In other words , if you can restrain yourself at first , and baby the machine , I expect it will last a long time . Within its limits , it does a great job and is a pleasure to use . If you need a really heavy-duty micro-cut machine for continuous use , you 'll have to go up in price to the MS-470CI . Fellowes 's Web site has good data , videos , and comparisons of their various models .
 I am CEO of business . I purchased this shredder for our office . It is the best shredder I have ever owned -- period ! I 've had a number of shredders both at home and at the office and the Powershred MS-460Cs is quiet , well-built and shred paper to paper crumbs . It can truly shred 10 sheets at a time without any strain on the motor . The paper if shredded so fine that we do n't need to empty the bin for weeks -- unlike other shredders I 've owned that seem to be emptied often.If you are looking for a high-quality shredder that is quiet , has a long duty cycle either for your office or home office , your search ends here .
 The 10 sheets of bond paper went through the shredder as they should . The size of the pieces is small . It would take many many months to reassemble these tiny pieces IF that is possible.I paid a lower price , but it is worth Amazon 's price . I have used all the included plastic bags and have emptied the basket five time in addition to those times . No problems . The only thing you have to do is use some vegetable oil to squirt on the cutters when you empty the basket . You get a small bottle but I refilled it with -LRB- any -RRB- vegetable oil and it worked fine . This is in the instruction book.The MS-460 Cs is an excellent shredder . It is quiet , the safety touch system works , and it does what is supposed to do . If I were buying a shredder I 'd buy this one again.When you empty the basket you might find little paper pieces around the area . No big deal . The basket is large , and when near full you can see the paper pieces piling up inside and empty it.If you shred a LOT of pages at once the overheat will turn the motor off . You must wait until it cools before continuing . This is to protect the motor from damage . This usually happens when you first get the unit because you have a lot of shredding to do . It is not a defect.I have no connection with this or any other shredder company . This is my opinion of the product only . Hope it helps .
 Well made microcut shredder . Securely reduces documents to unrecoverable confetti . Best protection for complete destruction of confidential documents .
 After going through three cheap department-store specials in as many years and having the motors fail in all of them , I broke down and bought a REAL shredder . All I can say is I made a good decision with this one . It 's a real powerhouse , and I swear it 'll cut through anything . Extremely quiet as well . You wo n't go wrong with this one .
 This shredder has worked very well for us . The best thing about it is that it is so quiet . It hardly makes any noise at all . It does just what we need it to do .
 If you look up `` Paper Shredder Security Levels '' on the ` Net , you 'll see that there are several different levels of destruction . After I passed a credit card statement through my old home shredder and could clearly read some of the numbers on it , I trashed it and bought the Powershred MS-460Cs . This baby shreds paper so well , it is nearly dust ! In fact that is my only complaint about it ... that it gets paper dust all over the place so I need to vacuum around it frequently . Despite that it is perfect for our home office with paranoid people . It 's quiet enough that it wo n't wake up anyone else in the house when used late at night . I can stick entire unopened envelopes in it and they are shredded just fine .
 I am very happy with this shredder . It 's so quiet that I can shred while I 'm on the phone . It has a large bin so I 'm not emptying it every other day . Also , it does n't get jammed like my last one . The only negative I can see is that the bags do n't fit very well and I always end up with some sticking through the front . Definitely not a deal breaker though .
 This shredder is the best I 've owned.Pros : - * very * quiet - confetti cut size is tiny - fastCons : - A bit expensive - CDs and credit cards are shredded into strips , not confetti
 Since we have to be careful of our client 's privacy - this is a perfect shredder for doing just that .
 Arrived early , works great . The only drawback was one of the wheels had busted and I was not able to get a replacement from the manufacturer . But I did not want to send the shredder back just for a busted wheel .
 This is our second shredder we have purchased recently . The first one we purchased four years ago for our home and it is still running great . Having always been concerned with security everything that has our name on it gets shredded rather than into the trash . Most of the shredders you find in stores cut paper up into thin strips which still leave details on the strips . So anyone going through your trash could easily put them back together and get the information such as account numbers etc. . This is definitely not your typical shredder , not is it the cheapest . A prime example of you get what you pay for . The confetti cut does an amazing job of making sure the documents are non-recoverable . When the time came to purchase one for our small business , this was the only choice for us . We do make sure to lubricate the blades between each clean out . We use the pre-lubricated sheets that you just drop in and they have worked well for us . We also clean out any build up of paper on the bottom of the cutting blades just to make sure it stays in tip top shape . Great product and highly suggest .
 I have a pop-up Post-It note dispenser at work , and these 3x3 notes fit perfectly , pull out of the holder easily , and have just the right stickiness . I really like the colors of this pack , too - I get so tired of the standard yellow ones after awhile !
 Got a pack of these to go along with a gift -LRB- Post-it Notes , Pop-up Purse Dispenser , 3 x 3 Inches , Black -LRB- PD-654-US -RRB- -RRB- and they dispense cleanly and stick just as good as normal Post-it Notes . The colors are a nice soft tone and are a nice change to the canary yellow !
 Based on the reviews I 've read and the many many retractable ID holders I 've owned , none hold up too well except by chance . These have been no exception . But at least they were slightly cheaper per reel.That 's not a great review , but this is n't a great product , no matter who makes it .
 Love the product , retractable reel is easy and smooth . when purchased the price was 13.99 , great price for product , arrived before expected due date . thank you
 nothing special but it gives you something to carry papers , a pen and business cards . also has writing pad . I paid around $ 10 .
 Sure the beavers suck . . or you have no idea who they are -LRB- like me -RRB- . . but at the time it was a dollar and the microthin mouse pads are awesome ! so I happily purchased a few and then accepted the time it would take to explain to coworkers that I have no allegiance to the beavers and just like the slim mouse pad design . . if it 's cheap . . buy it.If it ends up slipping a bit . . no problem ... sure you could wash it in `` mild detergent '' or just splash/spit some water on the bottom and it sticks again . magic !
 Very good product . It fits my desktop very well and it wo n't slip on the desk . Make your mouse more precise than before .
 For most beginner quilters this is an old stand by staple and all you will ever need . But , if you intend to do alot of cutting look into the ergonomic one that is also offered by Olfa . Some people do n't like the fact that you have to remember to close the safety on this one by I found that getting in the habit is better than counting on something mechanical to remember.A must have for the initial quilter .
 I 'm a beginning sewer and my cutting skills are still in the meh category . I was making some hourglass pillows and decided a rotary cutter would give me better straight lines and angles . So I got the Olfa 45mm and it 's made cutting a lot easier and it 's so much faster . I hope to use it in many other sewing projects and would recommend it for its ease of use and precise cutting . I was even able to cut through layers of duck cloth so it can handle multiple layers of fabric at once .
 Nothing beats a rotary cutter for speed and accuracy of cutting fabric . This rotary cutter is easy to use , easy to sharpen , and it lasts forever ! I use this Rotary Blade Sharpener to keep my blade working like newRotary Blade SharpenerIn addition to cutting fabric , I also use this rotary to cut paper and to trim photographs . I did not notice any significant dulling of the blade from this use . It makes a perfect clean cut . This is one of the most used tools in my toolbox!I noticed that the price on the on this product fluctuates . There is a nice online tool that I use to help catch a good price on Amazon , this tool is called `` Online Price Alert '' . This tool will send you an email when the Amazon item price reaches the target price range that you specify . If you search on `` online price alert '' in Google it will be come up at the top . I find this tool to be very helpful .
 I set it up in 10 minutes at my parents store . Mom was skeptical because Dad has made his own carts out of wood but they are heavy . This is light but durable plastic , so she has no problems wheeling it around . The shelves are perfect size , right depth for bottles . For us , it 's really a fantastic buy . Fox Run had lightening fast shipping .
 Purchased this item for my mom when she has to go grocery shopping by herself . She has a bit of a hard time walking so unloading the groceries from her vehicle is a bit of a struggle ... Lot 's of walking back and forth from the attached garage to the pantry room . With the cart , she just loads all the groceries on the cart and then pushes it to the pantry room and unloads it . 1-2-3 and she 's done !!! As an added bonus , the cart was so easy to put together -LRB- snap-snap-snap -RRB- and the bins are a nice deep depth so that nothing falls off . Oh , and did I mention that the height of the cart is perfect for her ? I needed a cart that was quite high because I did n't want my mom to have to lean over too much to push it and with this cart being 47 inches high -LRB- the tallest I could find that met all my criteria -RRB- , she does n't have to . The price was good , too ! I am sure the product was not intended for carting groceries but if you are tired of going back and forth to your vehicle to unload your groceries , I HIGHLY recommend this cart .
 Assembly was very easy and it does the job . I wish it would be a bit more sturdy for larger heavier loads , but it definately works well and rolls smoothly and I would reccomend it unless you need a cart for very heavy items then you might want something a bit more rugged , however this cart easily carries most household and office `` stuff '' .
 If you need to haul things from place to place , or keep a project together that has to move from one spot to another , this is for you . I bought one for a friend , and she loves it . She has her little molds and her porcelain slip on this cart , where they are to-gather and she can move her work space as she needs to . Mine will do the same out in my garage.It 's well built , and if you do n't like the color -LCB- as I did n't -RCB- spray paint it with . Krylon spray paint .
 This is a very good address book with ample space for all of the needed entries . Very good quality materials .
 I needed a new address book since my previous one was purchsed in England in 1964 . I do prefer an address book whichdoes NOT have multiple lines but had a large open space for name , address , and telephone number . Still , this particularbook is the best on the market.ADDRESS BOOK
 This scale works perfectly for my shipping needs . It 's accurate as far as I can tell , but I always add a few ounces to the USPS website when entering the info just in case anyway . I ship all sizes of boxes and it works well for me . I have no complaints at all ; it 's a good solid scale at a good price .
 THE ULTRASHIP 35 LB ELECTRONIC DIGITAL SCALE WORKS GREAT . SAVED MONEY ON STAMPS THE FIRST DAY . ON MY OLD SCALE THE LETTERS LOOKED LIKE THEY WERE OVER 1 OZ . - BUT ON THE DIGITAL IT SHOWED THAT THEY WERE NOT . WITH MAIL COSTS GOING UP - THE PAYBACK COULD BE FASTER THAN I THOUGHT . READ SOME BAD REVIEWS ON THIS PRODUCT BUT I THINK IT IS A GREAT ITEM .
 This little scale is terrific . I purchased it about a month ago and I really like it for weighing my items sold on eBay . You can weigh grams , ounces , kilograms , pounds and exact weight in pounds and ounces . I like the feature that it lights up when you weigh something and there is also a hold botton so the weight does not disappear when you take your item off the scale . Also , you can weigh .1 ounces up to 35 pounds . It comes with a envelope holder for larger envelopes and also a tube holder . For the money , I feel it is worth it . I would n't trade it !
 This scale has all the features I need . Is accurate and easy to use . I like the range or weights it will handle from grams up to 35 pounds .
 I bought this to use for weighing cuts of meat to determine cooking times . I cut hunks of beef into smaller chunks and freeze them , therefore when I want to cook a piece , I have to know how much it weighs in order to determine how long to cook it . This unit is just the right size for my needs . I also weighed a small package on it and was able to put the correct amount of postage on my package without having to stand in line at the post office .
 I could n't be happier with a product that weighs stuff . Big lighted readout , ac adapter , ample size and a lifetime warranty . If you need a shipping scale seriously consider Ultraship .
 This unit has been great thus far -LRB- owned it for a few weeks , and have used it several times to weigh stuff that I sell on ebay -RRB- . Great features and great accuracy.Can ' t beat the price and quality .
 The quality , price & reliablity of this scale ca n't be beat ! I 've used this over a thousand times & it keeps on ticking -LRB- or weighing -RRB- . Battery life is also unbelievable , I have n't yet to use the AC adapter . Do n't be afraid to get this . OldWillKnott is also perfect to deal with in every way .
 You can not go wrong with this scale . The features are so handy , and the accessories make this even more useful . The detachable faceplate can be quite handy , but I find myself using the `` Hold '' feature which is equally as handy . The scale is amazingly small for its accuracy , and you can store it just about anywhere . The black color is sleek , so I just have it sitting out on a table . Highly recommend it .
 I bought this unit one year ago and it has performed perfectly and wonderfully . I use it almost daily . I like the letter holder attachment you can put on top to stand your envelopes up vertically . Great features too that I do n't have time to list . I 've seen other scales at the office supply stores that are about double in price that are not as good as this one . Buy it .
 It 's very reliable , easy to use , and I like that you can detach the readout when weighing bigger things .
 I wanted something that could easily weigh my many small ebay items and this scale gets the job done . All of the main buttons you would need are in the front and the display screen is really nice . It is small in size and the black finish does n't make it an eye sore in my room . I think this is just what i was looking for in the price range i wanted .
 Item arrived promptly but did not contain the bonus free ac adapter as promised . Since it could run on batteries and was on sale for 19 bucks I did n't say anything until i was asked to review . At that point I said i would be happy to review if i got the adapter . They were right on it and within 4 days i got the adapter sent UPS to my door . Shipping for the adapter alone must have wiped out any profit s these guys were making . They stood by their product and when there was a mistake they rectified it immediately no questions asked . Quite impressive . Oh and the scale works well too
 I am rating this scale a very high rating . It works perfectly and was already calibrated.Since having this scale , my shipping cost is always correct when I check out at the post office.It is very easy to use and store and all the features are great . I would definitely recommend this scale .
 MY FIRST EBAY SHIPPING scale I bought in Oct 2006 . It was excellent , Never had trouble with it till recently when the zero started to float ... But hey MY Weigh says I still have a warranty so they get it back and I get a replacement for the price of $ 9 shipping.I bought the Ultra ship U2 as a back up . Hard to believe it is made my the same company but you can read my review there if your interested . When I think oif the money I made with this little baby and the convenience of not having to run to the PO to use their scale . It paid for itself 100 X overBlessings , John 20:29
 This scale works great . The detachable front panel is especially helpful for our needs , because we are weighing over-sized items . The easy-to-use tare function enables us to quickly subtract the weight of plywood sheet we use to accomodate our over-sized items . Great product ! -- Scott with Rocky Mountain BEST Robotics
 i 've owned this for about 2-3 years now and has held up well . good for weighing small packages . I also like the feature where you can switch from weighing in lbs / oz , just lbs , or just oz .
 The phone was easier than I thought it would be to start using . I created an account online , and I was able to make a call within five minutes . I 'm currently only using for voip , but I will get another line to it soon . I might even drop my landline , which would save me a few dollars a month on top of the savings on long distance.The customer service was better than my regular phone and cable providers .
 This phone is great ! Setup took 10 mins . Works great and the quality is the best !!! Highly recommended .
 Panasonic BB-GT . YES . IT IS NEW.GREAT RANGE.I WISHED THE CALLER ID WAS VOICE ACTIVATED.I AM SURPRISE THE OLDER MODEL I HAD WAS MORE MODERN ON SOME FEATURES BUT STILL IS A GOOD BUY !
 Easy to set up . Easy to use . It is a great phone and a great deal .
 Ok , so we 're not ready to totally cut the cord yet and go fully VoIP . We still want the local POTS phone service in case of -LRB- knock on wood , hopefully not -RRB- an emergency where we need 911 . VoIP does not give you real 911 in your city , you get connected to some call center in who knows where . No thanks.We were paying AT&T ; $ 15/month for unlimited long distance , which was a good deal a few years ago , but now with the cell phones we do n't use long distance at home much . Only a few hours , it should n't be more than $ 5/month . The Globarange is one of the only devices available in the US that lets you use your regular home phone , has an answering machine , and lets you make long distance calls over the Internet with VoIP.I did not sign up for a JoIP plan other than the pay as you go . It is very reasonable , it 's like 1.5 cents/minute in the US for long distance -LRB- and free to call other JoIP users ; I am trying to get my family to sign up -RRB- . I have a family member moving overseas this summer and it is only a few cents a minute more for overseas calls to him . If he gets a JoIP phone there , it will be free : -RRB- The phone is easy to set up . You plug it into your router and into your PSTN -LRB- regular phone jack -RRB- . I have mine hooked up to an Apple Airport Extreme base station I am using in `` WDS '' mode because I do n't have a phone and internet jack in the same room . Works fine , no problems.Voice call quality is excellent over both the VoIP and PSTN modes . The VoIP mode -LRB- internet call -RRB- connects very quickly . I have a high speed internet connection from Comcast -LRB- 15mbs down , 1.5-2 mbs up -RRB- and have not noticed any quality problems.The phone itself is easy to use -LRB- we came from another Panasonic cordless , the interface is similar -RRB- . The answering machine works . It is easy to choose either IP or PSTN based calling -LRB- orange button or green button -RRB- . I would highly recommend this phone system for people who want to benefit from the MUCH cheaper long distance and overseas rates possible with VoIP but do not want to give up their regular phone service for various reasons -LRB- 911 , etc -RRB- . I tried the Skype dual mode phones but they are awful . The sound quality is awful , the phones are very slow to respond , and they do not have an answering machine . Skype is a great deal at only $ 3 for unlimited long distance -LRB- ie what they used to call SkypeOut -RRB- but the standalone phones are NOT ready for prime time.I have heard there are issues with Panasonic/JoIP customer service but I have never called them.The only downside of this device is you are locked into the Panasonic/JoIP branded VOIP service . You can not use it with any other SIP provider that may have better rates to where you are trying to call . Actually , however , if you are highly technically inclined , do a google search for `` globarange and asterisk '' and you can manage this issue . Not worth it to me , personally.Right now in the US there are no alternatives to this device . Overseas , Phillips sells a very well regarded phone line called Gigaset IP that has a dual mode IP + PSTN phone including answering machine that you can use with any VoIP provider you want . But it 's very expensive and not available in the US right now.The Panasonic can be had for $ 60-70 and the extension handsets are only $ 30 . I am very happy with this purchase and can not recommend it highly enough ! Get one !
 I found this phone very good with great features . I did n't have any problem in setting up the phone and using the phone . I bought two , one for here in USA and another for India . I am able to use to it and it cut down my calling costs . The only problem is JOIP customer service . They do n't respond to your emails ontime . We have to wait for many days for that.You can call the customer service but it puts on waiting for long time most of the time but these days the customer service is improved alot.I am updating this after 4 months of purchase in August , 2008 . I do n't want to mention all the features of the phone . I mainly bought this phone for IP -LRB- Internet phone -RRB- . It is working excellent . I have n't spent even a single penny on phone calls using the IP phone . As I said , I have set up two phones , one in india and one in usa . I like this IP feature alot.Also to mention , the speaker phone on this phone is excellent . Good sound quality apart from all other features . I got another one to set up in India again.It is a good phone both for landline and for JOIP . I did n't have any problem so far using the IP phone . I highly recommend this phone to everyone who wants to use especially for IP . Even if you do n't want to or else do n't need IP feature you can still buy this phone as it has all features for regular cordless phone with excellent voice quality with speaker phone too.Right now -LRB- March 2009 -RRB- , the IP feature is not working in India . So we can not call anyone who has the phone in India . I called customer service and they said they are working on it as Indian government has locked their services . Wait for some more time till I update about this situation if anyone wants to use it in India.update -LRB- 06/14/2010 -RRB- The phone is in excellent working condition even after two years . I was able to use JOIP services in USA but not in India anymore as i said in march 2009 . I wish the JOIP team work out this problem . I noticed that the globarange phone is not made anymore -LRB- because it does n't show up on panasonic website -RRB-
 Installation : Was a cake walk . All you need to know is how your home internet connection works and if you home modem can accomudate an extra RJ45 connection . Just turn on your phone and make the network connection . On the first connection the phone automatically try to reach the VOIP server and register itself . In a couple of minutes you get an SMS assigning you a JOIP numberJOIP number : Is a special kind of phone number to call withing JOIP network . You can make a call to a JOIP number only from a JOIP phone or JOIP soft phone . However from a JOIP phone or JOIP soft phone you can call any JOIP number ANYWERE IN THE WORLD FREEEEEEE OF COST.JOIP to regular phone calling -LRB- optional service -RRB- : Its a pre-paid service . Along with the SMS notifying your JOIP number you will also get another SMS that assgn you a default password to your JOIP on-line account . Use your JOIP number and password to log-in and charge your account . Now you are free to talk call any POTS number in the world at a nominal charge deducted from your balance . A call to US land line number is costs JUST 1.5 CENTS a minute.Land line phone : The nice part is you can also use this phone to make and receive your regular land line calls , In which case your call go through your regular phone service provider . There is no JOIP involded here.No need for a Land line : Additionaly if you subscribe to JOIP monthly plan , you will get a regular number with which you can make and receive calls to and from any land line phone . This option eliminate the need for your additional existing land line connection -LRB- if you have phone and DSL based internet service from the same provider then you are out of luck -RRB- . I do n't know much about the quality of this service since I 'm out of luck.JOIP softphone : Once you login to the JOIP web site you can download the JOIP softphone and install it on your laptop and use your laptop as your Panasonic Globerange phone to make free and cheap calls.Pros : * Free calling between JOIP lines anywhere in the world where you have internet connection * high quality and ease of use * dual mode POTS and VOIP lines support * expandable with add-on hand sets when purchased * cheap long-distance withing US * Cool features such as downloadable ring tones * JOIP soft phone and Web JOIP for people who do a lot of international/domestic travelCons : * VOIP service provider can not be changed . JOIP is the only provider as of now . * Unavailablity of a soft phone for PDAs like Palm or Pocket PCMany people complain about the JOIP customer service . I am not sure about it as I never had any problem and never had to call them -LRB- may be I was lucky -RRB- .
 Pro : - The quality on the listening side is awesome compared to many 5.8 GHz models , especially the Vtech and Uniden models . - Received good feedbacks from other end that the clarity is really clear - Globarange - i have n't used that but seems like a good deal - free calls for 3 years - speakerphone on the handset - trust me . it will be useful when you are put on hold by some customer service agents.I have had the VTech 2.4 and Uniden 5.8 Ghz models but i always had complaints from the other end that they can hardly hear , or there is some kind of disturbance . I had the 5.8 Ghz Uniden with base phone and cordless -LRB- dual -RRB- . The cordless has a bad sound quality , but when using the base phone its good.I also currently use the uniden 900Mhz which is much better than the 5.8 Ghz ones when it comes to sound clarityI got it for a good deal so i would recommend if you get it for < $ 79.00 . But if its more than that , and you do n't plan on using the Globarange and IP phone , do n't go for this one . Try other panasonic models especially with speaker phones .
 I bought two phones . one installed at my house , the other installed oversea.The phone set is very good , especially at this price . The IP call provided by JOIP is okay so far . Normally the IP call quality is good . but depends on your Internet service , you may experience noise , break up , delay ... over IP call while watching online movie at the same time.If you mainly just call one particular place oversea a lot , you can buy two phones . one installed at your house , the other shipped to and installed oversea . you can get unlimited free call for three years . And using pay as you go plan to call someone else once in a while wo n't cost you much.you are going to end up with a better deal than subscribing VOIP services , such as ITalkBB , Vontastic etc. which costs $ 25 - $ 30 per month.This phone can be used anywhere in the world with 110 Voltage provided . If the JOIP plan says no service at such country , it means you ca n't get that country 's local number . But you can get a US phone number instead . Or you may not need a regular phone number at all if you just want to set up as point to point call through JOIP # .
 My previous phone was a 10 year old cordless SONY . Before grabbing this Panasonic , I checked out similar phones at Bestbuy , Stables , office Depot , Circuit City , and even Radio shack . Forget the IP option on the phone and you still purchased the best - pots - phone -LRB- price considered -RRB- period.Joip -LRB- internet -RRB- did work flawlessly on connection to my router , but be aware . . if you are after the text messaging features as you would on a cell phone , forget it . Oh yeah . . IE is needed to use the joip site correctly . Not Firefox.Looking for an excellent - ready for growth - phone ? Get it . You will love its great visibility , ease of use and great sound quality.I ought to know
 The `` hybrid '' positioning appealed to me and the Globarange delivers it very nicely . The GTA150B handset - I bought four of them -- works as advertised . The Intercom features is nice -- you can use it as a child monitor , listening in on another room , or as an alarm . I do both . Sound quality as a handset and as a handheld speakerphone is very good . There is no interference between the handsets.I 've used the handsets are far as 200 feet away from the base station . Good range!My chief recommendation to Panasonic is to make the green and orange line buttons work as toggles to answer and hang up calls . When you take a call on the 150B by pressing TEL or IP -LRB- the big green and orange buttons -RRB- , you hang up by pressing OFF . I 'd much prefer to toggle using the green and orange buttons.Going forward , if this service is successful , I hope Panasonic offers DECT-based handsets.Regarding the JOIP service , I was dismayed when customer service told me I could not bring my AT&T ; business number with me , even though AT&T ; agreed to release it . How odd , especially when the competition is advertising this feature on TV . Guess it 's too much work for their programmers!On the other hand , the ability to achieve an assigned number in other area codes has helped me establish better marketing . I often communicate in Silicon Valley and now have a local area code there.I 'm also a little concerned about outgoing caller ID , not certain that my name shows with my number . When I try it , the CID says DELTATHREE . I 've programmed my name at JOIP but it does n't seem to work in the Pay as You Go plan .
 It 's a nice phone so far - no complaints.Sorry , did n't try to activate Globalrange feature yet ...
 The purchase of this model phone has been excellent and has fulfilled my need for a telephone that handles both regular telephone and VOIP communications .
 Hello , Just bought this product and till now it proves to be worth the money spent . It has a great speaker , good comfortable controls on the base station as well as on the hand set . Holds charge for longer duration . On the attractions - I like the color profiles much , meaning if u use the IP phone the display color will be orange and if u use a landlines -LRB- Digital line -RRB- it will glow green . And also different callers can be assigned different colors.There is no hassles during setup , quiet simple and straight.I still have to explore more on the IP phone services so I cant write much about that.Thats why I kept the overall rating at 4 stars.In brief , For the Product & spec : `` 5 stars '' - I experienced very poor sales service through Panasonic.So i would suggest try amazon itself.IP service
 very good and i have 4 now and top compnay with Top service
 Great product and complete phone machine.Cheap when I bought it . $ 69.9.-See you
 This is a very good phone ... Another good one from Panasonic . The VOIP voice quality is very good . No issues at all . Very good online account management tool as well .
 Great phone with great service , and at this new price is an incredible deal ! Grab it and try today the land-line of tomorrow .
 Pros : - Excellent quality over VoIP - Takes less than two seconds to connect to the other side of the world - Dual Line - No PC or complex configuration needed . Plug n Play - Cheap rates for most part . Also works as pay as you go landline if needed . - Looks and feels nice . - Speakerphone and CordlessCons : - Some static on landline connection with this one . My other phone has no static . Will have to exchange .
 I purchased this phone for my wife to call home to Thailand 2 years ago and I am very happy with it . The charge for Thailand is .033 cents per minute and has saved me alot of money and the call quality is perfect with Cable internet service . I hope Panasonic continues to make this type of phone with a pay as you go account and updates this phone to DECT 6.0 . If more people would learn about this phone they would save money and no need to have a monthly fee like other VOIP services you just put money into your account and start calling , they will deduct the usage from the account and you could never get a huge bill like a wireless service .
 I tried the phone and it works great . Sound is very clear.I however , could n't get the internet JOIP phone to work since I have a restricted internet access . II will try it with an unrestricted service later and see how that works.I love the phone and it is an excellent way to cross the online and ground line phones together and conference .
 I purchased 2 of these . Coupling with the base unit was an absolute breeze . Copying address book entries from the base unit worked really well . Sound quality is great and being able to conference is great !
 I DROWNED ONE OF MY ORIGINAL HANDSETS , AND THIS WAS THE PERFECT REPLACEMENT AT A GREAT PRICE . -LRB- MUST BE A PANASONIC GLOBARANGE BASE -RRB-
 I bought 2 BB-GT1500B in August 2009 . The quality of the VoIP call is good , compared with Skype.Very solid product . Couple of times , I needed to reset my router , phone or DSL modem to stabilize the status of the IP connection , but other than that the product works great . You can also enjoy good rate if you want to make a call to a public number.This is an very interesting product that you can use with only with Ethernet connection and call everywhere.I can not comment on the customer service .
 Does its job very well - am extremely pleased . Technical Support was also available - and it was much better than any other store I can think of . I have referred it to my friends and they have bought 5 phones so far - all work great !!!
 I 've bought the handsets -LRB- 3 -RRB- to add to the phone I 've bought last year . It 's good and has many functions . Color specific calls and ringtones are nice too . But I just use it for its regular functions and not to it 's full capacity .
 i like this product.its pretty good but there is a bit problem with the battery doesnt last long thats why i gave it 4 stars not 5 . other than that its perfect.but if u wan na buy this product dont buy it from Antonline cause they have a very bad service they never answer on clients email.and the return policy is very bad too.SO DONT BUY FROM ANTONLINE IF U CARE ABOUT UR MONEY .
 Got this for a gift for a recent H.S. grad going to Penn State . I was surprised at how thin it was and the grippy-ness of the backing material . Thought it would be nice for clinging to any surface for mousing yet thin & light enough to stow in the thinnest of laptop cases . Nice top surface looked as if the mouse would do well gliding over it . I felt it was a nice addition to money for graduation gift giving .
 The company shipped fast , best price I could find , and everything in excellent condition.The phones themselves are a bit lacking in the sound ... although we are using them and they are convenient , easy to hook up , and good range . Still , the sound quality is a bit empty . They do have plenty of volume .
 great box . like how it locks and a great size for anything . i use it for sales receipts and it 's great . i know how many there are and no one can mess with the receipts .
 We purchased this phone for my husband 's Great Uncle , who is in his 80 's . He has found it very easy to use . The buttons are large enough for him to dial without `` double typing '' , the ring and flashing light are also easy for him to identify when calls come in . A family member did program in the numbers for autodial , but he finds them easy to read and regularly uses them and the redial and HOLD bottons with no problems . The Caller ID display is also large and easy to read .
 I am happy with this product because it does what I wanted.This phone is loaded with features . Ultimately , it is good because it does what is supposed to do
 I make frequent presentations using MSPowerPoint . What a drag to keep circling like a moth around my computer to hit the arrow button to move to the next slide . Some setups have had remotes tied to the video projectors , but usually they are big clunky things with no easy way to go back to a previous slide or effect . This sweet little item fits neatly and inobtrusively in the palm of your hand . Simply pop in the little USB receiver to your lap top . My Windows XP reads and sets up the device in seconds and we 're set to go . It has an easy up and down switch and uses a radio signal with a nice long reach . It also contains a useful laser pointer and a multifunction button for a few `` advanced '' actions if you need it .
 My remote needs are simple . I want to be able to move my powerpoint presentations forward or backward one slide at a time . And I want a laser pointer to call attention to features on a slide if I choose . Voila ! The Atek device does all this painlessly and well . Of course it can do a lot more , but truthfully , I 'm just not interested . So I plug the little antenna stick into a USB port on my laptop and I 'm ready to go . The remote fits in a pocket or I carry it in my hand or I set it on a table . When I 'm ready , a touch causes the slide to do what I want from anywhere in the room . I use the laser less than I thought I would , but it has been nice to have when I 've wanted it . I 'm completely satisfied .
 We had been looking for a presentation remote and a friend had this brand and recommended it . We bought it and used it on our recent speaking trip , and it was great ! It 's small and fits nicely into your hand . The buttons are in good places to do the things you need to do during a presentation . The laser pointer could be a little brighter , but that 's about all that could be improved . And it even comes with a nice padded bag large enough to add in a flash drive with your presentation .
 Very small and light and easy to control . Allows you to blank the screen when needed . USB installation was painless as it was plug-n-play . Great range - about 30-40 feet . Overall , a great tool .
 This item is great for presentations . It is user friendly and easy to install . The mobility of the remote will allow you to deliver PowerPoint presentations with ease . The instructions are easy to understand . I wish I had this item while in graduate school . I would recommend this item to anyone interested in purchasing a presentaion remote .
 The laser point of this remote is noticeable smaller and dimmer than other laser pointers I 've seen . Comparing it to two laser pens that I have -LRB- one is smaller than the remote itself -RRB- confirmed this . I question how visible this laser would be for people in the back of a large room against a large , bright projection .
 This unit works great . My only complaint , which is minor , is the actual slide advance wheel . It seems to work opposite of logic . But it does work well .
 love it - finally a product that is mac friendly and works for powerpoints . thanks - I love it !
 I received the tote-remote sooner than I was expecting . My presentation was a success !
 It is not as well made as the ones from 20 years ago but it is the best I could find on the market today.Dont get me wrong it is a functional piece and if you are looking for one this is the one to buy .
 Excellent product . Replaces one I have had for almost 40 years . Glad to have a new one and love that it is made from recycled aluminum !
 This is the second Saunders 10519 that I have ordered . I use it daily and after 6 or 7 monthsI had it so beat up I needed another . Perfect size for the paperwork I carry , I like the differentcompartments , and its a super product . I would highly recommend it to delivery drivers , truck drivers , etc. . My favorite aluminum forms holder !!
 Exactly what I needed for a professional appearance on the job site . I will definitely purchase from this seller again in future!Highly recommend this online seller over chain stores such as office depot or staples for this product as priced exact same item there at + $ 10.00 over amazon.com price !
 I bought one for myself and one for my parents . They LOVE this mouse pad , probably because of the logo . I am also happy with mine . It makes my Logitech laser mouse slide more easily than a regular mouse pad . It is made of a thin plastic material - not padded like regular mouse pads .
 I have never seen a Rumi Calendar like this ! The art is so reflective of the words that have poured out of Rumi . This Calendar just caresses the soul and invites it to recognize the power within me ! Wow , there are words that I have never seen in any other Translations of Rumi ! I ca n't wait to see what `` Rumi Revealed '' has to offer when it comes out ! Good Work Fusionart International !!!!!!!
 This is the prettiest and the loveliest calendar I have ever seen . It has an incredible Energy . After I got my copy , I purchased 10 more to give them to my friends as very special gifts . I love it because it is a visual of what I believe . Rumi 's poetry coupled with Rassouli 's paintings together make this calendar outstanding . What makes it so unique is that the artist himself has done the translations and thus there is a wonderful harmony between words and images .
 This is a rich collection of paintings by Rassouli , an internationally known artist , and each one is enhanced with lines of verse from the poetry of the classical poet , Rumi . The quality of the selections make every month suitable for framing ! It is a rare opportunity to have these available at this price!There is a mystical quality to this visual walk through the garden of the heart that sets it above other calendars.The calendar includes sample text from a book that will be published in the near future called `` Rumi Revealed . '' You ca n't go wrong on this one!N.Stone
 I have another of these and love them . I carry one in my laptop bag and keep one at home .
 This is a excellent product . Good directions on how to hook up , program , and use . Big buttons , clear sound , and slick look . This was a gift for parents . They are not into electronics but had no problems hooking up and using .
 This mouse pad may just look like an ordinary mouse pad , but it is n't . It works great and lets your mouse move as smoothly and precisely as the mouse you own can be . I could n't find the dimensions on this website for the size of this mouse pad but its not like an oridinary sized mouse pad , unless this is a smaller version . I 'm almost certain that this thing is big enough to fit your mouse and part of your keyboard on it . -LRB- like half -RRB- its really confortable and works great.its the best buy if you need a great gaming mouse pad.use this one .
 This is my second Corepad C1 . My first one lasted about three years of heavy use , and then the top surface on the pad started to come lose at the edges.I also have a Steelseries QcK pad that I use on occasion with another machine and a Razer Diamondback mouse -LRB- the original version -RRB- . The surface of the C1 feels smoother with my Logitech MX 518 -LRB- I did try the QcK with my MX 518 -RRB- , and I do like the extra thickness of the C1 . I 'll definitely be sticking with Corepad 's from now on . Speaking as someone who frequently does design work in Photoshop and InDesign , IHMO , in the $ 20 price range , this is the best cloth mouse pad one can buy .
 We trimmed ours down to fit exactly on the space beside the touchpad of our laptop and it works perfectly ! Now no matter where we are , we have a terrific little mousing area that comes with us everywhere the laptop goes . And the adhesive keeps it in place beautifully .
 This tape was just what I needed . I had some items to ship in their original boxes , but the boxes had writing all over them . I bought brown craft paper and this tape , and my problem was solved . This tape is very sticky , and I was able to over all seams and folds with ease for shipping .
 I send a lot of items in used boxes and sometimes need a heavy tape to help reinforce a box . That is what I use this tape for . It 's pretty expensive to use just to close a shipping parcel , but , for those extra heavy duty jobs it 's great.One tip
 We use these at work and I knew that this would be just what I was looking for . Great for keeping things separated . At first they may seem flimsy but after you get it together and let it sit , it becomes very sturdy . It really worked out well for what I needed . Very very pleased and it was shipped very fast .
 Purchased this for my classroom . It is very helpful and easier to keep things better organized . This is the secound one I 've bought and it is for me . The first one I got I use as my students mailboxes and they empty them at the end of the day before going home .
 I 'm a teacher , and handling paper is always a chore . With this product , my students can turn in their papers in alphabetical order , which reduces my paper-handling tasks substantially .
 I 've had this product since 2005 . Like other reviewers have mentioned , I was disappointed when I received this and realized that the shelving and back cover are made of cardboard . I was afraid that the thin fastener nails would n't keep things together . That said , I 've had the unit for over six years and I 've moved over five times -LRB- college student -RRB- and it has n't received any functional defects . Cosmetic , yes ; a little scuffing . The melamine holds up . Pricey , though . Thinking of getting thisFellowes Bankers Box 21-Compartment Literature Sorter , Letter -LRB- 04210 -RRB- in the near future . I have so much -LSB- expletive omitted -RSB- paper !
 I got theFellowes 25400 12-Section Compartment Sorter , Melamine Laminated , Medium Oak -LRB- LOL , Medium Oak not full oak . -RRB- I was thinking it was all wood . its not the shelves are cardboard . however it is a Vary nice cardboard and was vary strong with the plastic supports on front of the horizontal card board shelves . the Assembly was some what ez for me , but i am good at that . all in all its strong after assembly and looks good once you get past the Vary nice looking cardboard . the price is also the lowest you can get and not get something that is made of all cardboard .
 I ordered this for my boss so that we can use this in our copy room .
 I have had this calculator for about 10 - 12 years , used it constantly in my job before retiring , and have never had a problem with it . It works in any kind of light , and is extremely handy for metric conversions as well as other basic calculations . As the above reviewer said , it is now discontinued , but I wanted to put in a good word for it , since it is sitting on my desk , and as always , ready to work .
 Calculator works fine . One has to think about the order of clicking , otherwise it does a nice job . Reliable , too .
 I ordered this item for my parents for Christmas . I was looking for a nice piece of furniture that was actually made from wood and not particleboard . Since my Dad was a carpenter by trade , I wanted a well constructed piece and this one came pre-assembled except for the shelving . I was pleasantly surprised that the cabinet arrived without damage and was exactly what I was looking for . My Mom and Dad thought that it was beautiful and they gave it a prominent place in their living room . I 'm thinking about buying one for myself !
 I have 8 TMC Phones in my home . 4 ET 4300 and the earlier model ET 4000 . These phones are mostly the same except for cosmetics . The EV 4500 adds an auto attendant and voice mail but is otherwise the same phone . You might think it 's crazy to have 8 of these in a home enviornment ... but the flexibilty and usefulness of these phones is wonderful . I originally bought 2 , then 2 more than 4 more . I have a home office , a mother-in-law , kids ... and these phones have an outstanding intercome feature , music on hold , custom ringers -LRB- so I do n't answer when it 's for grandma -RRB- , a built in directory available to all units ... you can customize which phones ring on what lines , page the whole house ... the features are easy and endless and I use most of them . The intercom feature alone , because its an auto answer intercome -LRB- meaning you can set it so you do n't have to pick up the handset to answer -RRB- that alone makes it all worth it . Great for a small business ; but the best feature is talking on the intercome while in the kitchen and cooking ! The first 2 units I 've had for 5 + years and they 've all been reliable . Do n't hesitate . Nice company too when you have a question .
 Many Features . I have 3 healthy older models , but this one has the additional answering machine which is great for us . No problems , reliable .
 A gift for a MAJOR LSU fan !! She loved it . It 's used a wall decoration for the moment so she can see it everyday . But it seems very easy to clean . And I really liked the thinness .
 This pocket calculator is really great for anyone working in retail sales . Especially in furniture sales , it 's a great help and I would n't be without it .
 A great little calculator and perfect for figuring retail margins . The only reason I could not give it five stars is that the folio is backwards ! Fine for China or Japan but not for the USA .
 Good Quality with fast shipping makes this an enjoyable place to buy.The calcualtors are very simple and easy to use!Great margin calcuator.Third time purchasing these for sales team !
 Other calculators I 've owned that feature cost , sell and margin buttons assume that you 're inputting two out of three variables so the solution you 're looking for is kind of a given . Not this one . When in the past I 've put in a number and then hit cost , then put in another number and then put in margin , the calculator would automatically assume that I 'm looking for sell price . Not this calculator . I have to hit the `` find '' button when I 'm done . Odd . Otherwise , works well .
 What can I say ? Its a calculator that works when doing basic calculations , which was my purpose when buying it .
 I 've had multiples of this calculator for years . It is easy to use , portable and accurate . When I need a quick calculation on margin or selling prices this product works like a charm . I heartily recommend it to any one in sales .
 Working with some large dollar figures on occassion makes a 8 digit pocket calculator almost worthless in some applications . However , this 10 digit model is everything I could hope for in a basic hand held model . Also the buttons function smoothly and are rubber type material which when you hit it with a pen or pencil tip ; no clang or click . And best of all the price is right .
 First off from my experience with SHARP calculator has always been positive.My father has a small pocket calculator that has been working for 30years , before I was even born.With this one it seems they still are constructing them with the same standard.This calculator is perfect for simple use and comes at a reasonable price .
 Excellent product for the price . works well . Also has to separate power supplies . Would highly recommend .
 This company is great to do business with . Good communication and the items were received in a timely manner . Highly recommended !
 Good product for shipping larger items . The bags are of excellent quality and easy to use and lightweight to save on postage .
 Make shipping easy ! Buy these . They are not as durable or expensive at the Trvk bags , but they will get the job done !
 Best product ever . We use everyday in our family business . Good quality product and the price is the reason we keep coming back to reorder .
 This size was a reluctant but necessary choice after two unsuccessful attempts to get the 14 x 19 size in 100 qty.The price was higher , but not that much . The pleasant surprise came when I realized how much more adaptable the larger size is for shipping a wide variety of items . For the smaller sizes , it 's no problem to fold over the excess poly material and tape it down as an extra protective layer . It is flexible and easy to fit over large packages ; works best with those that are relatively light weight . The poly material is lightweight and not highly resistant to piercing ; serviceable for general packaging/shipping purposes .
 It was exactly what I ordered - at first , I had been a little wary of purchasing a 12pk . of these pencils , as , in the past , I 've often received a dozen * different * colors instead of simply twelve identical non-photo blue pencils . This time , however , it was just what it says
 I have always had trouble keeping the pencil sketches in my sketchbook pages from smearing . By using the Col-Erase pencils , I 'm able to lay down a clean primary sketch that does n't smudge , which reduces the number of regular pencil lines I have to make . It leaves the final drawing much cleaner . Also , if you plan to upload your image onto a computer , the blue pencil lines do n't show up at all after scanning ! Definitely saves me some time and frustration .
 we searched locally for this product and finally found it on your site ! Thanks for being there to fill out need !
 I got 12 as were advertised , no problem with that . The lead is a bit hard , but they are non-photo pencils so I expected that . I would purchase them again . Great for sketch books .
 Prismacolor always make awesome art products , and their non-photo blue pencils are no exception.I could n't wait for these to arrive in the mail . its hard to find these in the store anymore . It 's great to see I can still get them online . I love these pencils . Best part is they are erasable !
 The pencils work great . The leads are a bit soft , so you go through pencils quickly if you want your lead to stay sharp . The lines are light , but that is sort of the point of the color . The biggest difficulty is that they really do not erase well at all and never erase completely . They are easily edited out on a computer , but if you want your actual work to be completely free of blue lines in the end that is not going to happen.And I am not sure what was going on with the people that did not get 12 pencils , I got 12 pencils in the little white box showed in the picture .
 The box arrived via Amazon Prime as scheduled . As advertised , there were 12 erasable Prismacolor Non Photo blue pencils in the box . After a quick sharpening , they were ready to go .
 Until these , I only used regular No. 2 pencils . Now this has been incorporated my art box . Kinda waxy though . Does n't show up when you scan .
 They do great for fleshing out the under-drawing before going with a pencil in animation . They erase well and are still visible . Easy to make non-visable to scanners . I have found some flaws in attempts to sharpen because the tip can become brittle . Other than that work fantastically for what I need them to do ! -RRB-
 I REALLY LOVE THIS PENCIL . I WAS LOOKING FOR IT FOR LONG TIME AGO , BUT I NEVER FOUND IT . I LOVE IT . YOU CAN DRAW FIRST THE WHOLE DRAWING LIKE AN OUTLINE AND THEN WHEN ITS DONE U JUTS PLACE THE BLACK OR NORMAL PENCIL ... WHEN U SCAN IT THE BLUE PRINT ITS NO LONGER ON THE CPU AND IF U WANT TO PRINT IT OR A COPY THE BLUE PRINT DOESNT APPEAR . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO U IF U ARE AN ARTIST OR LEARNER . THIS TOOL ITS SOMETHING U CAN NOT MISS. . ITS CHEAP AND COOL
 We received 12 pencils within four days after order ! Great condition no problems ! Rec . to anyone !
 These envelopes were exactly what I was looking for . They look professional and seal well . I had seen a couple of reviews that suggested that the seals were less than effective but that was not my experience .
 We use these envelopes to mail our smaller catalogs . Self seal does in fact seal very well . I purhcased one box in adance to check . We recommend this self sealing envelope.GREAT SAVINGS $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ OVER THE BIG STORES .
 These catalog envelopes work great for sending literature to our customers . I will never buy the self sealing envelopes as they tend to tear open easier during shipping . I will buy these again when I need them.Thank you .
 very good envelopes . I think columbian brand is the best company by far for grip seal closing . the sticky seal stays closed and it is a very durable paper . i have numerous sizes of the comapnies envelopes and they have never let me down !
 The product was exactly what was represented on line and arrived on excellent condition within the estimated arrival time . I will continue purchasing this type of product from Amazon based upon this experience .
 This was the first time I ordered from this company and was very pleased with the service and the product . The order was shipped immediately and I got it quickly.Thank you
 I mistakenly assumed this would work as a stylus on my iPad . It did n't . Love the Pen though , it 's the second one I 've bought .
 This is the second Space Pen I 've bought and I love them . My first Space Pen lasted me for 10 years before my pack was stolen forcing me to replace it . This one is identical to the first and it works just as well.Here 's the bottom line
 Love the pen but stylus not working with touch screen equipment so spent more than I needed too - recommend only purchasing the pen with clip .
 As a pen , these are terrific . Easy to carry , wo n't explode , and , of course , write anywhere.The stylus point will not work on capacitive touch screens -LRB- I-Devices , etc. -RRB- , or active digitizer screens -LRB- like the Wacom pen enabled tablets from Lenovo and HP -RRB- . It will work on the older resistive type touch screens still used in restaurant and medical settings ... and of course , if you are still using a Palm Pilot , it will work with that as well.If you need a stylus to work with capacitive screens , get the Fisher Space Bullet Grip Space Pen with Conductive Stylus -LRB- BG4/S -RRB- .
 Writes well , has a nice weight , could be a little longer . Well made in the good ole USA ! Black ink .
 hv hvf tbcv trfc htf htf tf htf r rh r yrf yrf r fr fr fr rg rgf rf r
 Nice pen and not too heavy . I bought it mainly for the shuttle on it . But it writes well . I highly recommend it for fans of space and space exploration .
 I just love this pen ! It is soooooo cool . You push the rocket down and the point to the pen comes out . My kids thought it was so neat that they took it to class on their sharing day .
 I purchased this from a friend who had two . The pointer is first bright , wide -LRB- er -RRB- dot , and has a nice heavy feel to it . My buddy has used his on and off for two years without requiring a batter change . AA batteries are common so no problem there . I 'm sure my biggest issue will be keeping it in my possesion .
 I always have used laser pointers as an excellent cat toy . This makes it even more fun when you use it in green . It 's also very visible at night and has a thick beam that travels through mid-air ! This is a great green laser pointer & I 'd recommend it to anyone willing to pay a bit more than the average consumer . Get it today !
 A nice set of cards , but a bit expensive . I 'm pleased with the purchase despite the price , as the printing is well done and the art is good .
 I liked that the interior of the cards are in color . I also thought it included a nice variety of cards for different types of people .
 Despite others who have had a lesser experience , I have found this phone system to work quite nicely in my home . For the price it has the function and features I was looking for in a cordless speakerphone with digital answerer -LRB- especially the speakerphone in the cordless handset as well as remote access to the answerer with same handset -RRB- . I have even added an optional third handset -LRB- it can handle up to four -RRB- . From my perspective this is a recommended product .
 Well i read the other reviews on here and i waited almost a year to make my review . I gave it five stars in everything but sound quality . I gave it four stars on sound quality because it occasionally does give static . . that i dont hear but others do . Im not sure why ... But its very rare . Other then that i cant complain . I love the features and 3 handsets for the price i got it . Good phone to me . . a year later .
 Great product , everything that the description states it features and I love the fact that it has a HOLD button .
 Permanent label Protector tape sheets . Purchase to label packages mailed through postal services . Great price and item performs as advertised .
 I bought this glue stick for the purpose of posting easel sized charts around the classroom and moving them around when needed . Works very well & has not lost it 's stick in 70 school days so far ...
 I purchased one of these stands to mount my EFX-1000 DJ effector . I was hoping it could support the CDJ-1000 , and it did ! I purchased two more so I could mount both CDJ 's and the effector over my turntables and mixer.The product is easy to assemble and could be mounted in different environments -LRB- flight case , clamp or under a piece of equipment -RRB- . This is going to complete my setup , and make it look professional !
 I love it when I 'm djing . it has a thick black layer of pant on it plus it 's all mettle . It 's a good investment .
 I use this Laptop stand to for my laptop ... where ever I gig at ... Good product I recommend anyone who is a dj get this product . .
 Suits my needs perfectly . A little rough putting together because of the threads , but WD-40 fixed that issue . Once it is together it is excellent for my scenario -LRB- Sturdy and remains fixed all the time ; I do n't need to collapse it -RRB- . A Great product for the money ...
 The stand is solid . Does n't setup 123 , but I use it in static location , so I have no problem .
 It is awesome . It fits many different seatings , chairs with arms , recliners , sofa . great for wheelchairs eating and paperwork . I would prefer something to help stay attached .
 I WATCH A LOT OF TV AND WANTED SOMETHING TO USE FOR SOLITAIRE , NOTES , LISTS , AND DOING OTHER LITTLE THINGS WHILE SITTING IN MY RECLINER . THIS WORKS PERFECTLY - IT IS WIDE ENOUGH TO REST ON THE ARMS AND VERY LIGHT SO I CAN PUT IN PLACE WITH NO EFFORT .
 A great smooth surface for writing , playing cards , or eating . Large rubber band helps keep papers in place too . Every home should have at least one . Great value for the price . You wo n't be disappointed !
 My wonderful son and daughter-in-law gave me one of these for my birthday and I loved it so much I ordered one for my sweet cousin and friend who shares my love of crafts and handwork . It is her birthday in September , but I could n't wait to share it with her .
 Had one of these in College 40 years ago and do not know how I have done without one for this long . Great for laptop work , dinners while watching TV , writing letters. , or just reading
 For years a used a piece of board I had around that happened to be covered with formica . One day it disappeared . -LRB- ?? -RRB- After checking various reviews , I bought this one . Could n't be better .
 I use my lap board all the time ! Bought this one for my housemate and she uses it too . It 's great for using a laptop ! Even bought and extra so we would n't have to cart it up and down the stairs ... we 're kinda lazy that way .
 This lap board is incredible functional . It 's wide enough to use chairs arms as supports , but it 's also comfortable enough to use directly on your lap . I use this with a laptop computer and I 've never had any issues with heat from the computer transfering through the wood to me . I highly recommend this product .
 I have purchased several of these . My sister in law being a school teacher enjoys using hers while grading papers . I use mine every day on my recliner as a computer desk . It sits comfortably on both chair arms and gives me a good solid foundation for computing . Has plenty of room for the mouse and a mouse pad and a few papers too . This is the best lap desk I have ever had and have given many for gifts . This one was purchased as a Christmas gift for my sister that has back problems and had put aside her paper crafts due to not being able to stand on her feet and lack of a good place to work . She loves it , now she can sit in her recliner and do her paper crafts for extended periods of time . I asked her about a lap desk and she said she had purchased several and was unable to find one that she liked ... now she is happy as she has one she can use and enjoy . Thanks for a great product and great service , will be back for more !
 This is totally amazing.It is actually very wide and very suitable for artists to draw thing.Even though it is very simple without any special feature , it is a perfect tool for those who want to draw things in the best angle.I recommend this one to you if you want to become an artist without harming your eyes or wasting your money.HTH - Hope this Help : -RRB-
 I have one of these lap desks and I love it . It 's great for taking care of business while watching TV.Upon receipt though , this one was damaged . It was crushed on one side . It did n't make it unusable , but not a good thing as it was a gift delivered to someone.Based on the description it was the only one available . I expect that makes replacing it pretty much out of the question ...
 I own a lap board from Levenger . My nine-year-old granddaughter used it during her Thanksgiving visit and fell in love with it . I determined to give her one for Christmas , but I did n't think she needed such an expensive option as mine was . This one perfectly fit the bill !
 The Product was exactly what was expected . Shipped and arrived as expected . I do n't think an in depth review is really needed .
 It works great . Since we hung it in the kitchen where a previous phone was , using the same screws , we did n't check the range . All the features work as advertised .
 i use this phone with my VOPI service , and it has been great . i wish it had a few more functions , but for the price , its a great value and bottom line -- sound quality is great .
 The telephone set from AT&T was poor , there was a constant buzz every time we called out or someone called in , we checked our filters , unplugged all other phone , to no avail , we purchased a GE phone set locally and no problem . sorry .
 AT&T ; E6012B - 5.8 GHz Digital Dual Handset Answering SystemGreat phone ! You only have to program one handset and it goes to all handsets . I 've only found two minor things I do not like - difficult to stand handset alone because it topples easily and when you program the ring you want , the base still has the irritating generic ring . I plan to add additional handsets .
 This is one of the best phones I have ever had . I am able to walk down about half a block and not lose the caller or have the phone go fuzzy . You can program in ALOT of numbers . The color screen is great -- makes it feel much more modern . Recommend to ANYONE !!
 This is a good one . I got the set that had 4 phones , indicated by the last digit in the model E6012B mine was a E6014B . I 'm a hard person to please I think . This is a very decent purchase.First it 's a `` COLOR '' screen such as it is its still better than that crappy mono . Life is too dull without color.Solid signal through-out my Florida house , concrete and wallboard with metal studsPurchase price was reasonable at $ 149.00 -LRB- retail -RRB- for 4 phones and it performed better than the V-Tech 3-phone set I bought for nearly 300.00 4 years ago.I doubt you will be unhappy with this . No buzzing , dropped signals or anything weird so far
 I love this phone . I have had one for over a year and it works beautifully . I wanted to purchase the same for a summer home I have . Sound is clear and reception is reliable .
 i bought this phone brand new from FRYS.com . On here they are trying to charge you 224.99 plus 29.95 to ship . frys is 34.99 plus around 7 bucks to ship ...
 Phone works well and the directory input was easy and transferred to all handsets . However , I am getting echoes when I speak , not all the time , but often enough to be bothered by it .
 We are very happy with this product . Great reception , all the features , easy to use interface and no problems ! We highly recommend this product .
 I bought this for my mom who has bad eyesight . She raves about this phone constantly , and she 's had it for nearly a year .
 We have used this productfor upholstering an automobile.It even assisted us in puttingon a convertible top.Comparable to 3M
 The spray was great . only downside was I think they got cold while shipping , and they just have issues at first , but work great after a little bit .
 This is a kick a ** organizer . I first bought a Franklin Rolodex for $ 50 , but the screen on that was like a mirror . Everytime I opened it I saw less of data and more of myself on the screen . Please be aware of the problems with green display screens on under $ 100 gadgets . I had to rule out Palm devices because they are too expensive for storing addresses , memo , scheduler etc. , I do n't travel a lot and usually carry a laptop to access -LRB- online or offline -RRB- the web and email . So I thought of giving the OZ-770 a try . The first thing that scared me was , it runs Sharp 's proprietary operating system and syncs up with Sharp 's own DayTimer software . This means that if I move to a Palm or WindowsCE device in the future I 'd have to re-enter all the data all over again . Here 's the good news
 I have been the owner of two Palm Pilots . They served me well for the many years I owned them.When my Palm went dead after using it for 4 years I decided to look hard at the market . I decided want I really needed and used was Schedule , To Dos and Memos . Beyond that I wanted to select and capture some emails as I found saving all of them and syncing them up was a chore not worth keeping up with . I discoverd the Sharp OZ-770PC . It has everything I need including a much easier to read display and an easy to use keyboard . I also discovered it was easy enough to create a folder in my Outlook for selected emails and using some free ware from MyWizard.com a site provided for users of this organizer I was able to get those selected emails I really needed . I highly recommend this organizer as long as wireless is not your direction and your not buying it to play golf games and such . You ca n't beat this value , nothing short of remarkable !
 ... This is an incredible accessory ! I know what your thinking , all those new palms , and those Pocket PC 's ... hey this is great . It has a Calendar , you can go back into the past and future , plan ahead , and it made me do better in school !!! It has a schedule from all time-ranges , plus , you can edit the time range -LRB- ex
 For $ 99 , this organizer is incredible . Easy to use , big enough memory for beginner , nice big screen . Use memo a lot to organize floating loose-end thoughts . Still ca n't believe how inexpensive it was , considering all it offers -LRB- phone book , anniversarys , schedule , calendar , memo , to do list , downloadable games -LRB- simple but fun -RRB- , currency and measures calculator , and all still running on 2 batteries from 6 weeks ago . Great for someone who does n't want to shell out for a Visor or Palm .
 This organizer is so great I do n't know where to start . Pros
 I bought the Sharp for its keyboard . I have a PocketPC and it is a cool gadget , but it does n't have a keyboard and the add-on keyboards for the PocketPC are not practical for using on anything but a desk . I take notes on the go all the time and it is just not practical on the Palm or PocketPC . The OZ-770s keyboard is suprisingly functional while remaining small and light enough for your pocket . I was suprised with the extras too . It has a nice set of organizer programs and you can download other programs from mywizard.com as well . I 'd recommend it for people who take more detailed notes as opposed to mainly look up phone numbers and appointments .
 This is my second electronic organizer . The first , a Psion , was fancier , with a touch screen , more memory , and much fancier OS . But it 's downfall was that it used a NiMh battery , which was non-replaceable , and would n't hold a charge within about 6 months . The Sharp uses AA alkalines . I 'm still on my first set after a month ; no recharges , no hassles.The Sharp was very easy to learn . It can store all the different types of files the Psion did albeit in a simpler OS manner , has plenty of memory although its just 3 MB , and the keyboard is very large compared to anything else that expensive PDA 's are offering . It 's backlight is a joy , and it 's been 100 % reliable . What 's not to love ?
 I am a full time worker 40 hrs a week , a mom , a wife , and most recently back to college-full time !! I have a VERY full plate !! This organizer is the best !! I received this as a gift from my hubby , and it has been VERY helpful . Before I had the Sharp I had sticky notes , pieces of paper all over the place . I would forget ALOT of things !! Now it 's all in one place . And I can type notes for myself , reminders for b-day 's , phone # 's , test day 's , exam 's , reports due etc. ... . It is a god send this great little machine !! I had seen a Palm where I work , several people have them , and I did n't like that u couldnt type . This is great , with the keyboard.Can ' t say enough good things about the sharp only that everyone should have one !! Those are the PRO `` S - CON `` S Only that it is in one color , and the shape is a little odd , but fit 's fine in a purse , or book bag .
 I have been searching for a small organizer , something simple to keep addresses , appointments , etc. . This organizer was just what I needed - also has plenty of memory and dowloading from Outlook was very simple .
 This has to be the very best organizer that I have ever used . You can upload many things from the internet for it and it hooks-up to your computer .
 I do n't own this organizer , but I have been researching them . One word of caution - this device does not allow you to schedule for recurring events . That is , if you have an appointment every Tuesday or meeting the second Monday of each month , for example , you will have to schedule them separately . So , if this is an important feature for you , look elsewhere .
 So far this product has met my expectations . MyWizard.com downloads are okay but could have more content . For those on Windows 2000 platform the free Outlook sync software thru Rupplynx does not work well for syncing addresses ... you 'll have to purchase upgraded version of 6.1 . So they say ... I have n't tried it yet . But otherwise , sync to Outlook calendar is good , and download from mywizard.com works great -- just wish there were better content .
 I purchased this phone for a lady friend who was pretty much housebound . She needs a hands-free -LRB- headset type -RRB- set , and this one filled the bill perfectly . After a few months , she asked me to get two more of these sets for her sisters who lived some distance away and who admired the convenience of them . All three of them are in regular use and the users are delighted with them . The sets are exactly as advertised and surprisingly -LRB- for the reasonable price -RRB- durable ; I could n't have picked better .
 I like this phone overall . Only thing I do n't like is that the receiver keeps falling off the phone which is on the wall .
 the phone arrived quickly and arrived in working order . No complaints . It works perfect for my needs .
 These are good for kids and professional artists , solid quality with a great choice of colors . We 've dropped ours on the floor a few times and nothing broke ! We can color a whole page of sky without needing to resharpen afterwards , what a change coming from crayola pencils.My only.complain is that these are made for sketching , meaning the.colors are just not as bright as the others , a nice drawing can look boring from a distance .
 This is my second set in 20 years and I absolutely love them . I use them to mark my Bible when studying and just in case I make a mistake , I can erase it ! So much better than the crayola brand as they mark more like a waxy crayon . Thanks so much for shipping these right away as I had them within 2 days !!
 These pencils are great for drawing weather maps ! As a senior meteorology student , drawing and analyzing weather maps has become more frequent for lab work . The pencils are great because you can erase and go back . Therefore , less paper is wasted because I do n't have to print out another blank map to start over . This erasable pencil is great because it does not leave behind visible traces of what was erased . The color is vibrant and lasts .
 This set of col-erase pencils work great for desiging . These dont ' t break easily like other branded pencils . For any cartoon or character desiging people , I recommend this set .
 These are fantastic for sketching . The colors are very smooth and I can get a pretty good point without it breaking . I love how easily they can be erased from certain papers -LRB- though I suggest a different eraser than the ones on the back of them -RRB- and they are just so much fin to work with .
 Drawing is my favorite passtime . The prismacolor pencils are easy for detail work and was a great bargain
 Given to grandchildren and they enjoy the ability to erase although they could erase a little more . The colors still show through .
 These are a slightly cheaper alternative to other pencil brands or value packs . They do n't completely erase 100 % , but anything made by Prismacolor , you really ca n't go wrong ! This is a great pack of pencils with most of the essential colors . And they 'll last awhile . Glad I got mine !
 Granddaughter is an upcoming inspiring artist and just love these pencils ... I would recommend them because of the multiple colors and she said the erasers , lol .
 Love getting pencils so quickly . My daughter needed them for a project and we could not find them here at any of the stores .
 These colored pencils go on paper very smoothly and the colors look great . When I run out I 'll definitely but some more .
 Nice to be able to get all the school supplies you need online without fighting the in-store madness : -RRB- Bought this item for a Family Giving Tree Backpack/school supply drive through my work and the price was right and the product came quickly and as described !
 I am very pleased with the Prismacolor Col-Erase Erasable Colored Pencils . The set arrived quickly and in excellent condition . They will be used in scripture marking and notes in addition to augmenting artwork .
 I love this product . The colors are intense and the eraser work wonderfully . I would recommend this to other people for sure . I will but more primsacolor products in the future .
 As an artist , I find the best way to sketch is loosely and a lot of free motion . I find the best pencils for this are Prismacolor Col-Erase pencils , as they allow for this with the best results . The 24 colors to chose from help add depth to sketches , be it a warmth or coolness , a shadow or neutral base . And the ability to erase helps clean up the finished sketch so it 's easy to just let your movements flow with no worry of mistakes .
 I 've used these for many years and LOVE them ! They are high quality and really do erase . Perfect for art projects for adults and kids alike .
 I have used Prismacolor pencils off and on for 30 years -LRB- yes , I 'm that old ! -RRB- . They have a richness than the more inexpensive brands do n't match . These particular pencils are not quite up to that standard , BUT they really are erasable for the most part . If you do n't fill in the color too darkly , they erase pretty well . I paid just over $ 10 for these , and you just can not beat that value . I purchased them for my tweenager and she is very pleased with them . A college art student may find them insufficient .
 These have been my favorite colored pencils for years . I 'm an art major , and while Prismacolors are great they break apart easily and are n't easily erasable . They can also be messy , and the price is a little restrictive.These do n't blend quite as much but they do blend quite well , and the ability to erase better than other brands is very , very useful . They are n't prone to breakage , and the colors are smooth . The downside is that it 's hard to get them to be as vibrant as other pencils without applying a lot of pressure.I recommend these for anyone , beginners and advanced artists alike .
 These colored pencils are great for sketching because since you can erase away mistakes . However , it is difficult to create a sharp tip while sharpening these pencils because they break quite easily . The colors are nice but I wish there were a few more shades of blue . Another thing to note is that these do not come sharpened . Overall , it was a decent buy but I do n't think I would purchase them again .
 I bought these on a friends recommendation for Bible marking . I am very pleased.They are not too dark , nice in the hand and can be easily read through . You do n't have to press too hard or accidentally rip the very thin paper . Large variety of choices for those who color code their scriptures.Some other colored pencils are too crayon like or blotchy or too rough on the paper , but these are very smooth and easy to use .
 these colored pencils from prismacolor have great lead , perfect softness of lead , & great ; color ... but they are n't very erasable . you really have to attack the color with the eraser to get it to erase & even ; then it does n't fully erase & instead ; just lightens some . but it lightens enough to use forthe intended use & work ; great . I would just suggest that if you are planning to do a lot of erasingand tightening up on your sketches to draw very lightly or else they wo n't work very well for you.all in all they are super great pencils though and I do n't regret getting them.I did just see in walmart that some erasables are out from crayola , I wonder how they erase ?
 I originally bought these because of their reported erasability . Boy did they deliver . These are the only erasable colored pencils I have used that had a noticeable difference in the erased and unerased portions . There is still a little colored residue , but it can be easily covered by another color if need be . Highly recommended .
 These are the best erasable pencils on the market . Use a separate white eraser as the erasers on the pencil are not good at all .
 I purchased one of these staplers in the mid 1990 's , used it -LSB- high demand -RSB- for about 4 + years and stored it when I moved a decade ago - Ran into it last year , plugged it in and its been running like a charm since ! Granted my paper useage has dropped drastically -LSB- PDF city/treehugger mindset , oops , ` green friendly ' these days -RSB- yet it still smoothly staples 20 + sheets when necessary - Lightweight easy ` ammo ' reload - Apparently , well worth the original ` 90 's cost of $ 29.95 ! BTW may not be for the ` slow of hand ' as this little item 's ` trigger ' is quite quick ! Excellent for the rushed ` A type ' individual -LSB- no excuses for staff to lag either ! -RSB- ; 0
 These envelopes have the peel strip which you remove to seal - much better than the lick and stick envelope . We use this for customer documentation . They work well and we are pleased . If you are using these for mailing , they will be adequate for papers and thin sets of documents but books and heavier articles will rip through ; you would be better off with more costly Tyvek envelopes .
 Very nice quality and a great savings over the Tyvek brand . Wish they were available in home-use quantities ! Worth having some in stock , tho .
 Nice size for mailing large manuscripts . The self sealing feature is something I did n't look for but very happy I got it .
 The product was exactly what was represented on line and arrived on excellent condition within the estimated arrival time . I will continue purchasing this type of product from Amazon based upon this experience .
 This is a very well priced box of envelopes , sturdy , reliable , good looking with glue closure , for all offices uses . I have had Kraft envelopes of the same quality , these are nicer looking .
 These are getting harder and harder to find , especially at good prices . I stocked up and got several years worth . The new ones the office supply stores are selling all have a peel off strip for sealing the envelope , but I do n't want mine sealed . I custom print the fronts to use in my business and the peel-off strip version is n't designed to go through a printer.So , I love these and recommend stocking up here if you use them .
 I 'M A PHOTOGRAPHER AND NEEDED SOME ENVELOPE TO PACKAGE SOME PHOTO 'S I NEEDED TO GIVE TO SOME CLIENTS . THESE ENVELOPE FIT MY 8X10 PHOTO 'S PERFECT . THE QUALITY AND QUANTITY AT THIS PRICE IS A STEAL .
 Good envelope
 My first shipment of these envelopes found many of the envelopes ' tab stuck . NO PROBLEM ! I returned them and had the replacements quickly ...
 This equpment is awesome i installed it and now I have one central place to handle my cable and phone . definitely a must buy .
 This wristrest offers the perfect amount of support and it 's fun to look at . i like to sit at my desk and imagine I 'm lying on a beach just like the one in the background of the wristrest .
 This is excellent as far as ease of use . It opens and closes with very little effort which is important to me as I have arthritis . In the pictures , the `` leather grain vinyl '' looks classier and I thought it was a lower gloss . I had dreamed of a binder like this that also looked classy and upscale , but it this is a bit more of a conventional shiny binder .
 My only wish is that I had bought a case or more . It is a good product , and the price was very competitive when I bought it .
 Of all the mouse pads I 've seen and tried , 3M makes the best . They 're super-high resolution , due to the surface -LRB- for old style ball mice -RRB- , and have an excellent pattern for optical mice . What really sells me on these are two things
 The mouse pad works great with our optical mouses . Everyone in the office likes them .
 I was having problems with my cursor moving randomly around the screen , and I realized that with an optical mouse I would need a more precise mouse pad surface than the old neoprene one I had . This was the best price I found on this type of mouse pad . It 's very thin , so I laid it on top of the old mouse pad , which also keeps it in place better since the back does n't seem to have a lot of grip . The 3M surface is easier to keep clean than the neoprene , and my cursor is no longer `` possessed '' .
 I had been using a Dell Mouse pad since before Y2K till it got bent and I still used it another month till my housekeeper misplaced it . I needed one fast I was now using a few sheets of paper , if worked but with some friction and was laborious.I have an IMAC so I have an optical mouse.I came to Amazon found this 3M Precise optical mouse pad and was ready to order with 1-Click when I started reading the reviews , now I had second and even third thoughts about A ted dollar product I desperately needed , and from a great company I have known to be on the cutting edge making quality products for decades.I took a chance and got this Fantastic , top quality pad and just love it.It does not slide around my desk and the surface is textured so as to work with the optical mouse as well as and older trackball mouse yet is comfortable to the fingers sliding over it . The best ten bucks I 've spent in a while .
 My old mouse pad was wearing thin . Since I do a lot of Photoshopping , I needed something that would work well with my new laser mouse . This pad was cheap to buy but excellent to use . I was pleasantly surprised to see how well my new mouse worked with this new pad . I can recommend it highly . - Paul
 While there is n't much to review , I thought I would at least say something . It make for very smooth movements . I use it primarily for photo work with a Logitech G9 mouse . They work very well together . . It is a little smaller than I imagined , but it is just what it specified .
 Lo compr&eacute; para mi Mouse &oacute;ptico y funciona maravillosamente , siento que el cursor es a&uacute;n m&aacute;s preciso ! . No lo he ensayado con Mouse de bolita , pero pienso que es muy pr&aacute;ctico para esos Mice ya que este Pad tiene una superficie rugosa , un dise & ntilde ; o muy especial que incluso amerita ver de cerca con una lupa ! . Este Pad luce muy bien en mi escritorio , el color me parece fabuloso y la forma -LRB- plantilla -RRB- es muy pr&aacute;ctica pues evita el contacto del tal&oacute;n de la mano con el Pad . Y como si fuera poco , se adhiere perfectamente a cualquier superficie , as&iacute; que olv&iacute;dese de esos molestos Pads deslizadores ! . Adem&aacute;s ... , la marca lo precede ! . Excelente producto , lo recomiendo ampliamente !!! - JAS
 While not perfect , this is the best mouse pad I 've found . If it slides around on the desk , try washing it in warm water and drying between paper towels . I 've found that it 'll grip better if you do that periodically .
 This mouse pad provides unearthly precision . This is not like ANY other mouse pad , but somehow provides laser like mouse precision . Buy it !
 While this mouse pad did make quite a difference in the action and accuracy of my optical mouse , the pad does n't stay in one place during use . Also , it is just a little bit too small to fully cover the new 16X9 screens that require long mouse travel from one side of the screen to the other .
 good pastime with a feeling of accomplishment . the price is great too ! All seniors , who are limited like my husband , need something to keep their mind active . this is a good way to do it . great price too !
 I admit it , I bought this item so I would buy $ 25 worth of stuff and therefore get free shipping . But this is a really nice little notebook . It would be the perfect thing to put in a Victorian styled Christmas basket or for multiple gifts to co-workers or friends . It is small and thin , see the dimensions , but the cover is very well printed , the Morris wallpaper looks great , it is well bound and you could carry it in your purse with ease . I do n't know what others are expecting for $ 1.50 , but this exceeded my expectations . It is 64 pages and I use both sides of the paper , so this is 128 pages for me and that is plenty . I may even recommend them to others when I give them class assignments , all the notes for the session would fit in them and it would be so easy to carry around .
 I got this in the mail yesterday and was very happy . When I ordered it last week , there was no sourcing fee . For 1.50 , it 's a very unique , compact and easy-to-carry notebook . It 's thin enough to fit inside a purse and can be used to jot down `` to do '' lists or whatnot but it 's too small for journaling . I 've ordered several more notebooks from the publisher and ca n't wait for them to come ! I wish Amazon would carry more of these notebooks because there are some stunning ones featuring the paintings of Renoir , Degas and John Singer Sargent all for 1.50 or less . These make excellent stocking stuffers and I cant imagine a `` girly girl '' or sensitive guy would be disappointed to receive one.Im happy with the quality and will buy the William Morris address book ... if there is no sourcing fee .
 It 's pretty small and its great to fit in a purse but if you need it for school I do n't recommend buying this
 This notebook was just the right size to put in my handbag and the cover is very attractive . I would recommend this for anyone who just needs a small notebook .
 It 's not possible to have too many notebooks , certainly not when they are as attractive as this one . Love the design .
 Speedy delivery and very very inexpensive little blank notebook . Looks nice in my handbag and is just the right size to write down thoughts or outline plans . A very nice little gift , too .
 It is a nice little notebook , but only about 4x5 inches.I did not understand from the advertisement , how small it would be .
 I love these little books . They are small and I think would fit in any purse . The William Morris notebook is unlined , but not all are , you have to check the product descripton . I use this for a food diary , and have one tucked into my bedside table . They are eligible for the 4-for-3 discout , and they only cost $ 1.50 to begin with so they are a steal ! I plan on stocking up to have on hand for gift bags and Christmas stockings .
 I just love these little notebooks ! I got them for my purse , they are the perfect size for keeping notes on the go . I use one for addresses and birthdays and little notes about each persons preferences and clothing sizes . Not only are they the great size but they look beautiful too . I 've gotten several comments on how pretty they are .
 I love this notebook !!!! The cover looks great . The pages inside are blank and awesome for drawing . It is definitely worth 1.50
 I love little notebooks , journals , stationary ... all things writing paper . These notebooks were inexpensive -LRB- not cheap but very nice -RRB- on the 4 for 3 promotion . So I bought four of them , one for me and three as gifts . I 'm very happy with them . Thank you Amazon !
 These are great little books for stocking stuffers . Definitely decorative and catch the eye . As far as functional I do n't know as I gave the ones I bought away as stocking stuffers .
 Just what I needed . I live in a rural area so ordering online really is my only option . Love William Morris prints and the fact that the paper was unlined .
 These bags are a great buy . Strong poly mailers with good sticky tabs , that stay stuck !
 This is an awesome piece item that helps a better item become even better.It is the best yet to come .
 These bags are great . They have a plain outside with a very strong self adhesive closure that will not open ! Great for applying your own labeling and the clear adhesive sleeves that you use for customs or for housing Fedex/UPS labels adhere perfectly ! I recommend these bags in any size ! My only complaint is that they are not included in the Amazon Prime program ... but still great quality for the price .
 It comes with one base , handset and two additional handsets only and not 3 as advertised by Amazon . But the quality of the phone is amazing . Speaker phone is crystal clear . I like the way the intercom works . Too easy to setup the phone . Digial answering is perfect . I could name each handset . Voice quality is clear through out my Town House.Overall ... Excellent .
 great product . . especially for large house/apt without a lot of phone jacks . excellent little extra like montioring rooma , remote message and etc
 This phone system is excellent . It is very simple to operate . The voice quality is great . Also it is convenient because of the need for only one phone jack . Thank you for offering such a quality product at such a reasonable price .
 Was hesitant ; previously owned RADIOSHACK upper end multi-handset cordless phone which was great . THIS was a great deal/special and it works wonderfully - so far . I 've had it one month ! Performs as advertized !
 Was expecting 3 handsets and a Base set as pictured but only got 2 extra , Love the shared phonebook and the fact that you can listen to the messages from any handset .
 I was looking for a phone answering system which provided speakerphone handsets . Excellent and sturdy handsets .
 I chose thir rating because the Adams Quitclaim Deed Form was exactly as described . My county courthouse said it was fine .
 I used to find these at Office Depot but our store closed . Found them on Amazon , cheaper and quick and free shipping.I find them to be so helpful , I carry them in a pocket calender.As I think of something I need to pick up or some chore to do I make a note then and there , otherwise I probably wont remember .
 These classic post it note pads are very good for making notes to yourself -- or , of course , notes to other people . Despite the fact that people these days often use their computer calendars to remind them of appointments and things to do , these note pads remain good sellers in stores -- which is great proof that they work ! Just write your note and use the adhesive on the top of the back to attach your note in the place where it needs to be seen!Unfortunately , however , the adhesive sticky substance on the reverse of the post it note is not as strong as I would like it to be . All too often these notes loose their ability to stay stuck in the right place until people who need their reminders can use them . I probably would n't use this product on a refrigerator for days at a time -- it could well simply fall off and flutter right on in under the fridge ! Even on flat surfaces this has been a problem.This is a great product but obviously I can not ignore the flaw that I just told you about . I give it three and one-half stars for being good and useful -- but not great . The manufacturer needs to strengthen the adhesive portion on the reverse of the post it notes .
 Hard to find this size in stores . Fits a holder that I 've had forever . Sticky is just as sticky as on any other post-it notes i 've used in the past .
 I 've used these post its for years , and these were just like what I always had . Just fine . I 'm pleased with the product .
 I 've tried the generic store brands , but the truth is the brand name does it better . Best adhesive -LRB- surface friendly yet sticky -RRB- and best color -LRB- yellow , but not lemon -RRB- . I use a lot of stickies for sketching and note taking and technically , these perform the best in my opinion .
 Great product ! Well-made & perfect for my situation . I am keeping a `` owner 's manual '' of a '95 Firebird that I am building , and I have enough info on file now that I needed this large 5 '' ringed binder to hold it all .
 I bought this for my expanding collection of song lyrics since I outgrew the 3-inch binder I had been using . This works well for the 300 + pages of songs which I have encased in plastic page protectors -LRB- or whatever they 're called ! -RRB- . The only drawback is that it is so heavy and cumbersome that it does n't fit on a standard music stand now , so I will be adding an extension for the stand .
 I purchased this binder to replace my old couponing binder , and I 've been very pleased with it overall . I like that it has the fold on the front cover to allow for over-capacity . My only complaint is that the rings do n't line up perfectly , so when I 'm flipping through the binder the pages catch on the partially exposed ring tooth . It 's not a major problem , and I 'm sure they do n't all have this flaw , but I can see that it 's wearing on the pages in my binder , so I 'll probably eventually replace it with a new one of the same kind .
 This product seems fairly solid , but I 've not had it very long and am already having issues with the rings not closing securely . Perhaps I 've stuffed it too full ? It seems the fact that the cover expands means that the designer expected it to be full , though . That said , I do n't know that there is a better binder out there so I 'd probably order this again .
 This thing is great . You can fit so many women in here . I had so many women around that I used to have trouble walking from one side the room to the other . When entertaining guests I was always horribly embarrassed as they constantly tripped over all of the women I had strewn about my house . Problem solved . Now when people come over they ask , `` how is you 're place so clean and neat ? What happened to all the women ? '' I simply wink , point to the book case , and say , `` see all those Avery Heavy-Duty 5 inch binders over there ? Yep ... full of women . ''
 I love these high-capacity binders ! They hold more women than the regular sizes , and keep them securely in their place . There is even enough room for women to make dinner in here !
 I bought this to do a wither tracing on my horse for saddle fitting . It conformed well on the horse and held the shape nicely while I traced onto paper . Worked great ; much easier than trying to bend a piece of wire or a coat hanger .
 Love this flexible curve for sewing.Wish there was a 36 '' one .
 Does the job but not flexible enough . Represents a function curve well enough and has nice numbering on the side . Priced well and arrived fast . I only wish it were a little more flexible .
 These are perfect for labeling plastic totes . I love the fact that you can change your insert as you change your mind about what to store -LRB- inserts are not included -RRB- . I use the back of my business cards to put in these holders as changable labels . I would highly recommend them for your organization needs .
 I ordered this pen from the U.S. to match a fountain pen I already own as it is seems to be no longer available here in the UK . The service was first class hence my rating and the package was well packed . Thank You ! !
 I appreciate the finish on the Waterman pens and they stand up for years . The quality for the price is very good . I use the Parker refills as the Waterman are not as smooth writing .
 I have to agree with the other reviewers about this paper when used with a Canon printer . Recently purchased an MP500 -LRB- which is a very nice multi-function , BTW -RRB- . It came with a sample pack of the Photo Paper Plus Glossy . The prints are photo quality . When the sample pack ran out , we tried to use some HP paper we had purchased , but could not get a decent looking print . I decided to stop trying , and buy some more of the Canon paper .
 I would recommend this glossy photo paper for great looking prints .
 Excellent quality paper , matched with my Canon copier it worked very well . If not for the cost I would have given 5 stars .
 I PRINT A LOT OF PICTURES IN A YEARS TIME ... I HAVE USED ALL KIDS OF PHOTOPAPER ... MOSTLY 4 X 6 PAPER , BUT SOMETIMES I USE 8-1/2 X 11 PAPER . IN ALL OF MYPRINTING ; I HAVE FOUND THAT CANON IS THE BEST PAPER GOING TO PRINTING NICE CLEAR PICTURES AND I WO N'T PURCHASE ANY OTHER KIND . .
 Excellent paper ! We will purchase again when we run out . Do n't buy the off brand , as we used to do , these are much better and the finished product is outstanding ! Of course , through Amazon , the free shipping is also great !
 The photo paper is very good quality . Its like you took film fordevloping at a store . I will always use this photo paper . The picturescome out great .
 Made great copies of photos that were made with a 4 Mpix cell phone Camera .
 I was using JetPrint brand paper with my Canon ip4200 printer -LRB- with Canon ink -RRB- and noticed that in darker area of the print the ink did n't flow smoothly but created a grainy texture . Using the Canon brand paper , all areas hold the ink evenly and even the color tone is much more pleasing .
 I used this paper on my Canon PIXMA pro9000 printer and it gives me the professional grade photo that I could not believe.At first , I started with HP premium glossy photo paper and I got photos that you could definitely tell they were printed at home , even with the PIMXA pro9000 . I was quite dissappointed with the printer thinking that it had to do more than that for being a pro printer . Until I went to frys to picked up this paper and gave it a try . The outcome was amazing that the photos had much better resolution , vividity and smoothness . There is no difference than those from the photo labs.Well , what I learned is that YOU NEED THE RIGHT PHOTO PAPER AND THE PRINTER in order to get the professional photo .
 I have a Canon i9900 printer and I get excellent photos when I use canon Photo paper Plus 4x6 or larger . If you have a Canon printer stick with canon paper for great results .
 I tested my new Canon i960 with a variety of papers . Like most printers , the output is much better when using the manufacture 's own paper -LRB- as opposed to the cheaper generic paper -RRB- , but there is no need to buy the most expensive `` Pro '' paper as neither I nor my wife could discern ANY difference between the two . There may be a benifit to the `` Pro '' paper that can not be seen -LRB- lasts longer ? -RRB- but at almost twice the cost it is not worth it - this paper will produce the highest quality prints on your Canon printer -LRB- I think they look better than the ones I get from the photo lab -RRB- .
 If you own a Canon photo printer then you should not hesitate to purchase this paper.I recently purchased a Canon i860 Photo Printer and ordered some of this paper along with it . Imagine my amazement while the printer spit out a lab quality photo -LRB- borderless -RRB- in under 45 seconds on this paper . And yes , it truly is the paper that makes the difference.I have tried other companies paper in my printer and can not achieve the same results . Using my 5 MP camera , I am getting better than lab photos with this paper . Better photos , I 'm not joking.The paper holds the ink nicely , so your photo is dry the instant your pinter has finished its last pass.I had friends up one evening , took their photo , uploaded the picture and they had a photo in their hands in under 2 minutes . Their eyes were amazed , and they were truly speechless at the quality of this paper.Do not skimp on the quality , if that is what you are after in paper . This is the paper for you .
 I have used both this photo paper and the photo paper pro , and i really cant tell a difference . I am using a canon mp730 -LRB- great multifunction printer if you are in the market btw -RRB- and the colors come out crisp and vibrant . The only thing you might notice between this and the really high end stuff is the texture of the print . It seems that this paper is ever-so slightly rougher than the really good stuff . If you are just making regular prints to share with family , I would get this stuff ... if you are using it for professional shots or something that you would like to keep for a long time , i would get the higher end stuff .
 This paper is absolutely amazing with my Canon printer ! I was surprised to find that the color was accurate , the prints very clear , and the paper was dry once it came out of my printer . I even `` test smudged '' the paper and there was not one run , smudge , or ink left on my fingers -LRB- unlike my first attempt on the crappy generic paper -RRB- I 'm definitely reordering this stuff for my photo printing needs : -RRB-
 I bought a new Canon printer and tested out this paper -LRB- free sample came with printer -RRB- . I tested it against Staples , Epson and HP paper and this is by far the best ! The color quality is amazing and the finish on the paper is very smooth . Also , the ink dries almost immediately and leaves no sticky residue . Highly recommended and very much worth the price ! I do n't think I 'll be using any other kind of paper again !
 Used various photo paper , this is the best on the market .
 I use Canon Photo Paper Plus , Glossy on my Canon MP780 multi-printer , I use this printer for printing all my photo 's . You ca n't tell the difference between my photo 's and Wal-Mart Photo 's . Canon recommends their photo paper on their printers of course , but you know what ? , they are right , in my opinion this is one of the best photo papers on the market . I do n't use anything else.Amazon.Com has the best prices , so no need to go any further . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We 've had a digital camera for years , yet , like a TV commercial we 've seen , we still had the pictures sitting on our computer . However , a friend got me interest in scrapbooking and cool photo albums for Christmas , and of course I needed photos to do these projects . When we bought our Canon printer -LRB- almost two years ago ! -RRB- , the guy at the store threw in a package of HP paper as our our computer is HP . When I decided we needed to print out some of our pictures , I used that paper , and the pictures turned out awful . I did online research and found that the Canon printers work best with their own paper , so I bought some . The pictures printed on the Canon Photo Paper Plus are beautiful . It is impossible for the untrained eye to know that they are not `` photo lab '' produced . I am so glad my friend turned me on to scrapbooking , and I am so glad that I tried the Canon photo paper - it probably saved me from buying a new printer .
 I wo n't use anything BUT Canon Photo Paper Plus Glossy . It delivers quality prints that are -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- better than photo labs . This Amazon price can not be beat !!
 I 've ordered 2 -120 sheets of Canon photo paper plus , glossy because of the good reviews here . I currently bought a canon pixma mp800 that came with the photo paper PRO . I thought the Pro printed pretty good and expected not much difference with the PLUS , however there is . Although PLUS was not bad , compared to PRO , you can difinitely tell the difference . The color and clarity of the print is great on the PRO but the PLUS is slightly blurry and the color of the skin tone is distorted somewhat . i would suggest PRO over PLUS , unless the best quality is not important to you .
 I found the Canon photo paper to be just as good as the Epson photo paper or any other leading photo paperon the market . I found the price to be about the same as any of the others.Larry V Childs
 The photo paper works fine . However I did notice some of the pictures came out with scratches on it . i do n't know if it is my printer or the paper .
 This paper works great with Canon printer . Unfortunately this is the ONLY paper that works great with a canon printer . Any other paper I tried produce terrible result . So , basically if you own Canon printer you stuck with this paper , which can be a little less expensive . I gave 4 stars because the price is a bit high .
 Have n't used the paper yet since I have n't had time but the Amazon service was perfect as always ! Came in a week earlier than expected and everything looks great !
 Do not pass up this photo paper . If you own a canon printer . this is the best paper for it . The quality of the paper is better than most professional paper such as kodak or fuji.What really makes the difference in your printed photos is the quality of the paper . I own the Canon IP4000 printer and the photos are better than getting them developed at the lab . This paper is quite thick whcih makes the photos you print very professional . Combine editing software like Microsoft PictureIt ! and you have a winning combination !
 Stay with Canon paper and inks for a great image . Stable also . If you have purchased a several hundred dollr camera , another hundred for a trip , probably another for camera filters , flash and accessories . Do n't skimp out now at the last moment and use cheap paper/ink combination which are not -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- as good .
 Works well with my Canon printer . Photos print with sharp colors , do n't know if its my camera , printer or this paper . all are Canon . Just a litle too Glossy for me .
 Good product . It 's photo paper , so there 's not much to write except for the fact that it works and does n't suck .
 I just prefer using the Canon photo paper for my Canon printer . The images are crisp and clear and the paper is a decent weight .
 I am sure that the fact that my printer is a Canon Pixma MP600 has something to do with the quality of my prints but when combined with Canon photo paper , it is unbeatable . The Canon paper is the best I 've found .
 Is also a good brand of photo paper and works well with my Canon camera . I would purchase this photo paper again .
 I use Canon Photo Paper Plus or Photo Paper Pro or Epson 4x6 for my prints . All are excellent .
 This paper has the same weight and feel as regular photo labs .
 This is probably my favorite of the papers I use with Cannon i9900 -LRB- which I LOVE as well ! -RRB- While I also use less expensive , 8.5 x 11 '' paper for everyday copying , I lovelovelove this paper so much that I probably print more photos than I normally would . We make photo greeting cards with them by trimming just a little , then running them through our Xyron machine and mounting on card stock . Makes a lovely thank you note to family and friends !
 Great all around paper , nice weight and thickness . This is a good value compared to my local retail electronic store which charges almost double the price I can get through AMAZON . Because this is a Canon product I have never been disappointed with quality after purchasing this product for over 3 years now . I would highly recommend this to anyone printing their own photos at home !!
 You can certainly spend less on photo paper , but it all has to do with quality in this case . Two packages of glossy paper sit in a desk drawer for a year , one is the cheaper brand and the other is the Canon product . When you open up both , the cheaper brand seems to have yellowed a little and lost some of its sheen . All the Canon photo papers have a superior quality and feel and , let 's face it , if you 're printing a picture to preserve it , does n't it make sense to print it on something that will keep the colors better and last longer ?
 This is the best photo paper I 've found to use with my Canon photo printer . Much better results than the other brands I 've tried .
 Great paper , makes you rpictures the same quality as having them professionaly printed . I have a Canon IP6700D , and this is the only paper I 'll use for glossy prints .
 This is a very good value paper for Canon photo printers . I highly recommend it .
 I purchased this paper to go with my new Canon I-9900 printer and love the results ! These pre-cut papers are the way to go . The photos come out even better than at the photo lab !
 This paper gives me the quality of camera shop prints . It is easy to use and great with my canon printer . People are always amazed when I tell them that the prints I gave them come from home .
 I bought this product and had to return it as it was not the right one for my hardware . This was the first time I was returning something which I cought from Amazon . They made the process so simple and easy to use . I am thankful to Amazon on this service.I would buy anything from amazon more than I used to as it is much better than seeing a not so happy face at the counter while returning the goods with a valid reason .
 Not too much to say
 This is the good stuff ! I 've used other brands and it seems like this has the heaviest weight . I 've never had any problems with defects , torn or smashed edges etc it is always very consistent .
 So far I never had a problem with anything we ordered through you , so what 's new .
 I have used this photo paper for a long time . Your photos turn out so much nicer than what a photo lab does for you . The paper is thicker and more durable . The colors are vibrant . This paper never jams in my printer . I use several of the Canon photo papers and this one is the most popular especially if you are placing them in an album . The glossy paper shows up nicely in a photo album . If your pictures are going to be touched often by human hands , then you might want to choose a matte finish instead . Otherwise , I love this photo paper .
 Great product . Dont know the diff between store and home produced photos . Will never go back to getting photos developed at a store .
 This is just the finest paper that I have found . It makes gorgeous prints from almost any digital camera . I have a FujiFinepix V10 and 2 Canon Powershot ELPH 's and use a Canon i860 photo printer . I highly recommend this paper for fine quality prints .
 I 've been using this paper for quite a while with great results . I have several Canon printers , and photos come out VERY good . I have framed many of the photos that I printed out using this paper , and you would be hard pressed to tell if they were done by a lab or by a home printer.I tried the Photo Paper Pro to see if there was a difference , and quite honestly , the difference was extremely minor , almost undetectable . The Plus paper is so much cheaper than the Pro paper , that I would highly recommend you just go with the Plus . You 'll be very happy with the results , and you 'll save alot of money .
 Great paper , great price , quick delivery , and easy ordering . This paper works great for my digital camera pics with my Canon iP 1600 printer . Love it .
 I used this paper to print borderless photos from my Canon i9100 printer for the first time , and was very impressed with the results - especially at the price ! Highly recommended .
 Canon Borderless Photo Paper Plus , to me is the best in the world . As a pro photographer I always love canon camera and paper . All the work that I do I use canon .
 I have printed on many types of paper and this product works great with my Canon S9000 printer . After trying many types of paper I have settled on Canon , Epson or Agfa depending on what I am printing . This product is great for snapshots and is a lot easier than what I use to do -LRB- cut 81/2 x 11 paper down -RRB- . My previous method was chosen because I could never find good quality paper for snapshots . The color is good and even throughout the print . I would recommend this product to anyone that needs to print snapshots , very affordable ...
 My digital Kyrocera L4 printing through MAC OS X. 3 to a Cannon i8500 on Cannon paper is incredible !
 The Canon glossy paper is great ! I 've printed out over 600 4x6 pictures on my Canon i960 printer and the pictures are much better than taking them to any photo lab . I have used nothing but the Canon glossy photo paper and certainly have been quite pleased with the paper not to mention flawless printing on the i960 . I certainly recommend the paper and the printer and the price on amazom for the paper is better then any store I 've been to .
 We got this paper for printing vacation photos for our album and to send to family and friends - the ones without the computer and email . Works great every time , has a nice feel to it -LRB- provided you just hold it by the edges -RRB- , and has a very good weight . I tend to like this better than the photo pro paper , which is supposed to be a better quality paper than this , but feels flimsy . I highly recommend the paper plus glossy .
 I have used a number of different photo papers and have found the Canon to be the best for the money . I still buy the el-cheapo store brand -LRB- OfficeMax , Staples -RRB- for photos I do n't really care about -LRB- give-aways , etc. -RRB- but always use the Canon stuff for nice prints to keep . No tax and free shipping -LRB- over $ 25 -RRB- at Amazon makes this paper a real winner . The paper is n't `` grainy '' like the cheap stuff and is indistinguishable from 35mm developed film paper .
 High quality prints at the best price ! I 've been using Canon Photo Paper Plus Glossy for more than a year and my photos are better than any others I had before !
 The Canon Photo paper plus works the best with my Canon printer , it 's dry immediately , the photos are clear and I wo n't use anything else . Buying from Amazon.com makes it easy and I do n't have to go hunting in stores for it because not everyone carries it .
 We recently ordered this photo paper to go with our new Cannon Printer . The quality of the photos is great and it was n't too expensive . Highly recommended for every amateur photographer .
 I am very satisfied with the quality of this paper . My all-in-one Canon MP600 Pixma printer puts out absolute quality prints with this paper . It usually is suggested that one should use the paper recommended by the manufacturer . I did and it 's unparalleled!It 's an excellent buy !
 These papers match up perfectly with Canon printers and produce photo lab quality prints . I 've tried other brands but there is a huge difference . I learned my lesson and will stick to Canon paper . Priced fair if bought in quantities .
 Canon paper -LRB- on Canon printers -RRB- produces the best home prints for me . It almost seems as though the print is done at a mini lab with dye sub technology . Highly recommended .
 Great paper ... photos look better than the prints from the Fuji Frontier machine I usually get my prints from . That 's with no color adjustments on my Canon MP600 Multifunction printer . . outstanding !
 Buy this over the pack that comes with the ink . Even though the pack is cheaper the glossy quality is not even close to this one .
 Bought these to print 6x4s from my Canon MP810 printer , and I have to say , the prints come out real good . What more can I say ?
 The Canon glossy paper results in excellent photographs in the 8X10 and 4X6 sizes . It was also less expensive here than at the major computer supply stores .
 This paper makes good prints and the price is right in the 120 sheet package .
 This is an excellent product . The pictures print with great quality . Of course there are variables
 I have been using this photo paper with my Canon Printer for about two years now . I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants professional looking results .
 Use these all the time and love the quality of my pictures as well as the strength of the paper .
 Canon includes a 5 pack sample of this paper with -LRB- probably all -RRB- the two printers I bought -LRB- Canon PIXMA 3000 and PIXMA MP780 -RRB- and I was so happy that they did . I was able to find 100 pieces of supposedly `` premium '' Picture paper for $ 5.99 with a $ 5.99 rebate on some bargain website , but the paper was thin and would n't feed properly into the printer -LRB- 6 months later still no rebate -RRB- With this paper , a middle to higher line Canon printer , and some generic ink , you can print pictures that are near perfect without having to wait . This paper is very high quality , it works well with the printers I have . Everyone who sees them , thinks that my photos were professionally developed . I ca n't see the need for photo paper pro , but if canon/amazon is willing to lower the price or include some in my next order of this , I 'd be willing to give it a try .
 I 've tried several other high end papers , but nothing even comes close to the quality of print this paper has when matched to a Canon printer . They clearly made it to work perfectly with their technology . I do n't know how it works on other printers , but on my Canon , it 's nearly indistinguishable from a lab processed photo , even smells like one .
 I have a Canon i6700D photo printer I just got for Christmas . I had read that it was best to use Canon paper in Canon printers so I bought this product . Every photo I have printed out has looked beautiful ! People have been amazed . So far , after 1 month , no hint of fading . I have not experienced any smearing issues , either . Ca n't say whether it 's truly better to use Canon paper in Canon printers as I 've only used Canon paper so far !
 you can never go wrong with this paper . I always buy it here , the price in stores is outrageous !
 My experince shows that it is always better to use paper from the same brand as your printer . Then the result is really outstanding print after print . The paper is really top quality and regardless of your needs it will satisfy them . Bravo Canon for this first class product .
 paper works great with canon printers to produce near photo lab prints . As many experts have stated use same manufacturer 's paper & printer for best results . IT 'S TRUE !! Also check printer 's settings to take full advantage of paper quality
 Everyone makes printer paper . I try to buy the same brand as my printer . My Canon i900D is a superb printer , so I will buy Canon paper . This paper is excellent for digital photography.The price at amazon , given the amount of paper , was also excellent . No complaints .
 This paper is great ! The quality of the prints from my inkjet printer rival that of my local photo lab . And now I can print them from my own home . I use a Canon printer -LRB- Pixma IP3000 -RRB- and print stunning photos from my digital camera -LRB- Sony Cyber-SHot -RRB- . I was somewhat skeptical given that it 's not the cheapest paper available - but after printing the first photo I was pleasantly surprised at how good the print was . The paper is heavy and has a nice gloss finish.If you want quality photos from your printer get this paper !
 The pictures I printed on this photo paper looked great ! I was n't sure if I wanted to get this type of paper , but I 'm glad I did .
 I recently purchased some Canon Photo Paper Plus Glossy because it was on sale at my local retailer . I have an HP printer , and up to this point have always used HP premium photo paper . But , I needed to print a bunch of photos for our wedding to make albums to send to friends , so I was looking for a good deal . WOW is all I can say . The color was much more true to life , and clear and crisp as well . HP paper has a purple hue when compared to the Canon paper.I had no compatibility issues printing Canon Paper from my HP printer -LRB- HP 1510 All-in-one -RRB- . In fact , I think I will continue to use the canon paper from now on.Based on the quality of the Canon paper , and from the reviews on this site , I 'm tempted to buy a Canon printer as well.Thanks Amazon !
 What can i say . This was a excellent price for a very good paper for Canon printers . I use other makes of paper and i have to wait a while for it to dry . This comes out with very smooth impressions and dries fast .
 This atlas was recommended to me by the folks at `` Company 7 '' , an excellent scope shop in Laurel , MD that services NASA . I got it with my Celestron 8 StarHopper 5 years ago and have n't come near to exhausting it . It is for somebody who is already familiar with finding constellations and planets , has looked through binoculars , and is now acquiring their first good telescope and wants to know what they will be able to see in the deep sky . It is portable and has shading for the Milky Way , an index of main types of objects -LRB- globular clusters , planetary nebulae , galaxies , double stars , etc -RRB- and their characteristics . Using this list and the seasonal maps , you can decide which are the best/biggest/brightest of the deep sky objects available to you to see and go find them . There are more detailed , heavier and more expensive star atlases out there but you can spend a lifetime looking for the objects in this one .
 we 've had this phone for a long time , and its served us well . I go walking in a nearby neighborhood frequently , and the phone actually still can call etc. for a full 1/2 mile , which is n't terribly much to walk , but its close enough to run within that radius . My only complain is the battery power is n't that long . I 'm a teenager , and it dies kinda frequently when I talk to my friends too long . Of course , I frequently talk over 4 hours , so that may not be an issue with alot of people .
 I 've had this phone for 8 + years now , and it still works fine . -LRB- I did need to replace the battery once . -RRB- I use it as a wall-mounted phone and have knocked the phone to the floor a few times -- I suppose it could be better designed to prevent that , but it 's been sturdy enough to not be bothered by it .
 After searching for three weeks for a phone , I am settling on the Uniden 's EXI8965 900MHz Cordless Phone with CID and Dual Keypad . You see , this is a leap of faith , being that this is my first online purchase . I have never owned a Uniden phone , but I have owned others who were big in name , but small in performance . What I think I will enjoy most is the dual keypad will allow me to have two phones in one location . Have you ever been in the bedroom , wanting to make a call , but discovered that you left the handset in your laundry room ??? Also I like the fact that this phone does not look like a kid 's toy . I can place it anywhere and it will fit right in with my decor . It may be a lot to ask , but with the keypad being on both handset and base , that they could have figured out a way to put the Caller ID on the base too . That way , I can decide if I want to go get the handset from the next room !!
 I have had many different cordless phones . This is by far my favorite . I hate the cordless batteries and have to replace them all the time , and there is no place to charge a spare battery , and when the battery dies , you ca n't switch to the speaker on the base . You have to pick up another phone . But that 's my only complaint . I have had excellent reception and I like the jog dial for quick dialing from memory . I like the CID on the base , too , so I can see if it 's worth tracking down the handset.It 's easy to program and reprogram - good for changing work numbers and for people in college who move a lot .
 I bought my Aeron seven years ago . Sitting at a computer all day , I needed a good chair and I 've been nothing but thrilled with this chair ever since . Then , two weeks ago , the stud that holds one of the armrests broke off.I called HermanMiller 's customer service number . A live person answered the phone . But I was transferred and , within ten seconds , got another live person . He had me read the numbers on the sticker on the bottom of the chair and that told him my name and address , plus the size , fabric and color of the chair . He told me they 'll custom build a new one and ship it out within 2-1/2 weeks . UPS will deliver it , set it up and take away the old one.Wow!Less than two weeks later , UPS shows up with a new Aeron chair.UPS is another story ; awful customer service . Even though there is a giant label on the box saying `` Attention UPS Driver ! Do Not Leave Without Return Shipment '' the driver still gave me a hard time . He just wanted to leave the box and be off . I finally talked him into taking the old chair although he just dumped the new one on my step.HermanMiller is great , but maybe they should consider a new delivery service!Meanwhile , the new chair feels like , a new chair . And I 'm in love with my office chair all over again.My back has never bothered me sitting in this chair all day and the adjustments make it perfect for any task.It 's hard to imagine getting better service from an office furniture company .
 I have lower back problems due to scoliosis , and I recently was diagnosed with some arthritis in my neck . That being said , sitting in a chair for 9 + hours a day is pretty rough . I switched to a Aeron at work about six months ago and it has made a huge difference ! Sure , I still have some stiffness here and there , but the way it holds your posture and evenly distributes weight really helps me out.It seems to be very well made , and I have not had any problems with any of the adjustable parts.It is pricey , but well worth it , in my opinion .
 I have stopped telling people about the Aeron chair I bought on EBAY . When I shop , I dont mess around . People always ask '' Thats nice , How much did that cost ? '' Its as if they ask the question , so they can then tell me how I spend way to much money . I didnt spend the advertised price on Amazon , it cost $ 550 to my door . Although slightly used -LRB- tiny scratches -RRB- it is in better condition then ones my coworkers purchased at a local used office furniture store . They paid $ 350-400 for Aeron chairs in ugly orange , small holes in the fabric , and mis matched arm rests . Mine looks lightly used at most for $ 550 , and very appealing in a sapphire blue color.So am I an idiot for paying this much for a chair ? -LRB- People who ask who much the chair cost , swear up and down a good chair is less $ 50 brand new -RRB- My brain says a office chair over $ 500 is insane , but my back says it was worth every penny . Working from home for a mortgage company , I help other sales staff learn basics to processing . I also have my own clients and to deliver superior service I slave over the processing portion of my files as well . I can sit down as early as 6 AM to get a jump start on out of state loans or the lenders I deal with in other time zones . My day usually ends 8-9PM but when rate locks and packages have expiration dates I can work till 11PM . Yes , I do sit in a chair 8-11 hours and my back and shoulders were strained on a daily basis . Most of this strain is solved by the Aeron chair , it keeps my lower back supported minimizing the neck and shoulder pain . I never knew what the AERON CHAIR was until working at TECH SPACE . The office spaces were furnished and every chair was Aeron . Weeks into working from home my back pains started . 2 months agao our office relocated , and our owner needed to furnish the new offices.My first visit to the new offices , I noticed 4 AERON chairs . Our top producers had gone to a office furniture outlet and got themselves the chairs . I asked if other employees noticed not having the best chairs ? Occasionally they have found someones swaping chairs leaving the economy ones purchased brand new . They even joked they were buying bicycle chains to safeguard thier office chairs from the employees who were not as fortunate to get the AERON . Bottom line , if you shop for saftey features in automobiles , and arch support when buying shoes , UV protection in Sunglasses , quality made apparel over cheap rags ... this chair will save you from aches , pains , strains , and maybe stop a hunch back in the future . The cost is something you have to swallow , I have not found a comparable chair with Lumbar support anywhere on the internet after extensive research . I tried to get my employer to furnish me with one of the Aeron chairs , but my boss said she doesnt even have one . Sometimes you have to decide if your worth it and purchase it at your own expense . Its nice to see these chairs have such a huge resale value on places like EBAY as well .
 This is a very comfortable chair even with out the lumbar feature . Reasonably priced and I would certainly buy another one .
 After many back issues it was time to invest in a chair that would make life a little easier . A bit of a skeptic at first , but once I sat in my new Aeron chair I was sold . You can feel it working the second you sit down . It 's a great purchase for anyone with back problems who finds themselves sitting at a desk much of the day .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 I finally got this amazing chair and now I 'm enjoing the time with that ergonomic chair . Love it so much !
 Received my Aeron Desk Chair , could n't wait to open and get it put together ~ which was a breeze . A couple of screws to attach the back and it was up and running . The ability to raise and lower the chair so easily is a big plus , as I change positions often when working . Comfort is excellent , ergonomics are great . Smooth rolling . Wish I had had it years ago in my away from home office when I was working full time . And the price was what I was willing to pay . Did n't realize it would be such a great chair at such a great price .
 I 've purchased 5 Aaron chairs within the last 14 months . I 've had the technicians out to replace parts under warranty . The ones I purchased include three highly adjustable models with lumbar support and two of the PostureFit . To be certain I know what I 'm talking about , you can see my verified purchase logo on my reviews for both types hereAeron Chair - Highly Adjustable Graphite Frame - Carbon Wave -LRB- Large -RRB- by Herman Millerand hereAeron Chair - Highly Adjustable Graphite Frame - with PostureFit - Carbon Classic -LRB- Large -RRB- by Herman Miller . Below I offer inputs based on recent experience with these chairs . One more thing . I 've had back problems - I had spinal fushion surgery -LRB- it was successful -RRB- . I mention that because it explains why I was motivated to research ergonomic chairs.We 'll get to what to do if your Aeron chair has problems , but first let 's cover the basic decisions to get the right chair . First , price . This is an expensive chair and yet it costs less than most true ergonomic chairs . Unless you 're into fashion and have the budget , forget about almost all competitors to this chair . As style increases , price increases geometrically . So far nobody beats Herman Miller , in my view , probably because it benefits from scale . It produces a lot of Aeron chairs . Herman Miller sells large orders direct to the federal government too - using a GSA Schedule -LRB- contracting vehicle to sell to the feds -RRB- . By definition , that 's the lowest price anyone pays for this chair . As soon as I find a worthy competitor to this chair with at least equal value , I 'll update my review.Unfortunately for me , I found out late that Herman Miller runs semi-yearly sales on the Aeron . I called Herman Miller to ask only after my last purchase . Their sales run starting the day after Thanksgiving -LRB- Black Friday -RRB- and for about a week , and then again about six months later . Typically , Herman Miller allows its authorized vendors to sell at a 15 % discount from suggested retail price - but only during an official Herman Miller sale.When you buy this chair , hopefully it will qualify as a business expense . The tax code currently favors furniture purchases by businesses that have offsetting revenues . If you want to know more about this , look up `` Section 179 '' on Wikipedia . Take assurance from the fact that I do not regret buying these expensive chairs nor has any other purchaser I 've talked with . I say this despite the problems I 've had that caused me to repeatedly contact the vendors , Amazon , Herman Miller and the local chair technicians.Second decision point is the warranty . You always get a 12-year warranty when you buy an Aeron from a Herman Miller authorized dealer , period . Try to get the chair with the valuable 12-year warranty by getting it from the correct channel . I have no insight into whether Herman Miller will be a viable company 12 years from now , but the warranty is valuable.Third decision point is size . You can get sizes A , B or C . You can find Aeron chair dimensions for all 3 sizes posted on the Internet . A is the smallest , C the largest . I 've never seen size A. Most people should go to a brick & mortar store that carries Aeron chairs and sit on the sizes they carry . B , the medium size , will cut off short on the bottom thigh for many . I believe size C will fit many more people than B. Beware that if you 're quite tall , then size C will cut off short under the thighs and you might not even want an Aeron . Also , there is one easy way to tell the size of an Aeron
 I first used this chair at a client site and found it more comfortable than any other `` Office '' chair I have experienced . When I saw one advertised on the internet I bought it for my home office . However , my family continually moves it to other rooms in the house . It is frequently at the table in the kitchen , at the work desk off the kitchen , in the family room , and even occasionally an extra chair in the living room . Easily adjustable it is sought after by every member of the household including the cat . Never hot in the summer . Ideal for conversation on the screen porch in the backyard . Great back support . Not too deep . People with short legs are find it very comfortable .
 I used this chair at my last job and I was in love . My career field involves sitting at a desk all day typing on the computer and I was never uncomfortable . I went through a pregnancy and never had any problems sitting in one position all day , even at 9 months ! I just wish my current job carried this type of chair .
 I have had an Aeron chair for many years . I was fairly careful to size it properly and set it up as I wanted . When I bought it , I figured that my body was worth the price averaged over ten years . Simply in terms of adjustability this chair provides a solution to nagging problems . I use it at a computer for many hours a day and have no complaints . The Posturefit was not available when I bought mine , but I do have the lumbar support and adjustable armrests . I spent some significant time setting it up for me and it has paid off . I especially like the tilt limiter . Buying a cheap chair every year for $ 50 is not really a bargain . This chair is excellent value to me .
 I am HARD on chairs -- 6.2 , 245 pounds . I 've been sitting in my Aeron chair for at least four years , almost every day , for long periods of time . I also zoom across the room to another computer ocasionally -- but do n't broadcast that . I 've have had a problem with the pedestal of the chair -- it seemed to be rocking a bit . The good news is the chair is under warranty ! You call the local rep and they come and fix it -- or , as in the second episode , replace it with a refurbished chair . My gosh , how do you beat that ? YOU GET A TOP-END CHAIR FOR UNDER $ 800 WITH A GUARANTEE THAT IT WILL LAST 12 YEARS ! How many retailer chairs will you buy in 12 years . Geesh , I sound like an Aeron commercial . -LRB- I bought it direct from Herman Miller so I can not vouch for this vendor . -RRB-
 Overall a very nice chair . I had an Aeron when I worked as an investment banker during the . com times , it 's a nice chair initially , but it becomes very uncomfortable at 5 a.m. I realize most wo n't have that concern , but you should know that this chair is great for doing work at relative attention , but beyond 10 hours/day , I would n't recommend it . I ditched the Aeron and went with a chair we had lying around with thick padding . That worked much better when I `` sagged '' in the middle of the night .
 I love my Aeron Desk Chair . I knew ahead of time it did n't have all the bells and whistles that the $ 1000 one did . My butt and back are supported , it spins , rolls , slides , and the webbing on the seat allows breathing to all the right parts . I recommend this chair highly !
 My last job required me to sit in front of a computer for 12-14hrs a day . When I first started there the chairs were horrible . My back would be killing me just after a few hours . A few months later we got these chairs in . Wow what a difference . My back stopped hurting and for ounce I was comfortable . Comfortable enough to take a little nap . I recommend this chair . Might have to save for a few months but its totally worth it . Seriously . .
 This organizer helped tidy up our countertop we use as our phone center in the kitchen . The dimensions are good as it does n't take up too much space . I have it in a corner . Odds and ends such as ipods , headphones , gift cards and notepads fit easily . I feel like it 's made a big difference for me in that the area looks cleaner and more organized and you know exactly where things are .
 This organizer was the perfect solution for getting all the cell/smart phone clutter off the kitchen counter . The phones sit on the top shelves and , if you choose , you could roll up the charger and put that in the drawer below . I store the chargers elsewhere so the bottom drawers are available for coupons , small note pads , keys , etc. . In the middle section , I put a cube pad and still had room for sticky note pads behind that . Well worth it !
 I 've purchased 5 Aaron chairs within the last 14 months . I 've had the technicians out to replace parts under warranty . The ones I purchased include three highly adjustable models with lumbar support and two of the PostureFit . To be certain I know what I 'm talking about , you can see my verified purchase logo on my reviews for both types hereAeron Chair - Highly Adjustable Graphite Frame - Carbon Wave -LRB- Large -RRB- by Herman Millerand hereAeron Chair - Highly Adjustable Graphite Frame - with PostureFit - Carbon Classic -LRB- Large -RRB- by Herman Miller . Below I offer inputs based on recent experience with these chairs . One more thing . I 've had back problems - I had spinal fushion surgery -LRB- it was successful -RRB- . I mention that because it explains why I was motivated to research ergonomic chairs.We 'll get to what to do if your Aeron chair has problems , but first let 's cover the basic decisions to get the right chair . First , price . This is an expensive chair and yet it costs less than most true ergonomic chairs . Unless you 're into fashion and have the budget , forget about almost all competitors to this chair . As style increases , price increases geometrically . So far nobody beats Herman Miller , in my view , probably because it benefits from scale . It produces a lot of Aeron chairs . Herman Miller sells large orders direct to the federal government too - using a GSA Schedule -LRB- contracting vehicle to sell to the feds -RRB- . By definition , that 's the lowest price anyone pays for this chair . As soon as I find a worthy competitor to this chair with at least equal value , I 'll update my review.Unfortunately for me , I found out late that Herman Miller runs semi-yearly sales on the Aeron . I called Herman Miller to ask only after my last purchase . Their sales run starting the day after Thanksgiving -LRB- Black Friday -RRB- and for about a week , and then again about six months later . Typically , Herman Miller allows its authorized vendors to sell at a 15 % discount from suggested retail price - but only during an official Herman Miller sale.When you buy this chair , hopefully it will qualify as a business expense . The tax code currently favors furniture purchases by businesses that have offsetting revenues . If you want to know more about this , look up `` Section 179 '' on Wikipedia . Take assurance from the fact that I do not regret buying these expensive chairs nor has any other purchaser I 've talked with . I say this despite the problems I 've had that caused me to repeatedly contact the vendors , Amazon , Herman Miller and the local chair technicians.Second decision point is the warranty . You always get a 12-year warranty when you buy an Aeron from a Herman Miller authorized dealer , period . Try to get the chair with the valuable 12-year warranty by getting it from the correct channel . I have no insight into whether Herman Miller will be a viable company 12 years from now , but the warranty is valuable.Third decision point is size . You can get sizes A , B or C . You can find Aeron chair dimensions for all 3 sizes posted on the Internet . A is the smallest , C the largest . I 've never seen size A. Most people should go to a brick & mortar store that carries Aeron chairs and sit on the sizes they carry . B , the medium size , will cut off short on the bottom thigh for many . I believe size C will fit many more people than B. Beware that if you 're quite tall , then size C will cut off short under the thighs and you might not even want an Aeron . Also , there is one easy way to tell the size of an Aeron
 I first used this chair at a client site and found it more comfortable than any other `` Office '' chair I have experienced . When I saw one advertised on the internet I bought it for my home office . However , my family continually moves it to other rooms in the house . It is frequently at the table in the kitchen , at the work desk off the kitchen , in the family room , and even occasionally an extra chair in the living room . Easily adjustable it is sought after by every member of the household including the cat . Never hot in the summer . Ideal for conversation on the screen porch in the backyard . Great back support . Not too deep . People with short legs are find it very comfortable .
 I used this chair at my last job and I was in love . My career field involves sitting at a desk all day typing on the computer and I was never uncomfortable . I went through a pregnancy and never had any problems sitting in one position all day , even at 9 months ! I just wish my current job carried this type of chair .
 I have had an Aeron chair for many years . I was fairly careful to size it properly and set it up as I wanted . When I bought it , I figured that my body was worth the price averaged over ten years . Simply in terms of adjustability this chair provides a solution to nagging problems . I use it at a computer for many hours a day and have no complaints . The Posturefit was not available when I bought mine , but I do have the lumbar support and adjustable armrests . I spent some significant time setting it up for me and it has paid off . I especially like the tilt limiter . Buying a cheap chair every year for $ 50 is not really a bargain . This chair is excellent value to me .
 I am HARD on chairs -- 6.2 , 245 pounds . I 've been sitting in my Aeron chair for at least four years , almost every day , for long periods of time . I also zoom across the room to another computer ocasionally -- but do n't broadcast that . I 've have had a problem with the pedestal of the chair -- it seemed to be rocking a bit . The good news is the chair is under warranty ! You call the local rep and they come and fix it -- or , as in the second episode , replace it with a refurbished chair . My gosh , how do you beat that ? YOU GET A TOP-END CHAIR FOR UNDER $ 800 WITH A GUARANTEE THAT IT WILL LAST 12 YEARS ! How many retailer chairs will you buy in 12 years . Geesh , I sound like an Aeron commercial . -LRB- I bought it direct from Herman Miller so I can not vouch for this vendor . -RRB-
 Overall a very nice chair . I had an Aeron when I worked as an investment banker during the . com times , it 's a nice chair initially , but it becomes very uncomfortable at 5 a.m. I realize most wo n't have that concern , but you should know that this chair is great for doing work at relative attention , but beyond 10 hours/day , I would n't recommend it . I ditched the Aeron and went with a chair we had lying around with thick padding . That worked much better when I `` sagged '' in the middle of the night .
 I love my Aeron Desk Chair . I knew ahead of time it did n't have all the bells and whistles that the $ 1000 one did . My butt and back are supported , it spins , rolls , slides , and the webbing on the seat allows breathing to all the right parts . I recommend this chair highly !
 My last job required me to sit in front of a computer for 12-14hrs a day . When I first started there the chairs were horrible . My back would be killing me just after a few hours . A few months later we got these chairs in . Wow what a difference . My back stopped hurting and for ounce I was comfortable . Comfortable enough to take a little nap . I recommend this chair . Might have to save for a few months but its totally worth it . Seriously . .
 Received my Aeron Desk Chair , could n't wait to open and get it put together ~ which was a breeze . A couple of screws to attach the back and it was up and running . The ability to raise and lower the chair so easily is a big plus , as I change positions often when working . Comfort is excellent , ergonomics are great . Smooth rolling . Wish I had had it years ago in my away from home office when I was working full time . And the price was what I was willing to pay . Did n't realize it would be such a great chair at such a great price .
 I bought my Aeron seven years ago . Sitting at a computer all day , I needed a good chair and I 've been nothing but thrilled with this chair ever since . Then , two weeks ago , the stud that holds one of the armrests broke off.I called HermanMiller 's customer service number . A live person answered the phone . But I was transferred and , within ten seconds , got another live person . He had me read the numbers on the sticker on the bottom of the chair and that told him my name and address , plus the size , fabric and color of the chair . He told me they 'll custom build a new one and ship it out within 2-1/2 weeks . UPS will deliver it , set it up and take away the old one.Wow!Less than two weeks later , UPS shows up with a new Aeron chair.UPS is another story ; awful customer service . Even though there is a giant label on the box saying `` Attention UPS Driver ! Do Not Leave Without Return Shipment '' the driver still gave me a hard time . He just wanted to leave the box and be off . I finally talked him into taking the old chair although he just dumped the new one on my step.HermanMiller is great , but maybe they should consider a new delivery service!Meanwhile , the new chair feels like , a new chair . And I 'm in love with my office chair all over again.My back has never bothered me sitting in this chair all day and the adjustments make it perfect for any task.It 's hard to imagine getting better service from an office furniture company .
 I have lower back problems due to scoliosis , and I recently was diagnosed with some arthritis in my neck . That being said , sitting in a chair for 9 + hours a day is pretty rough . I switched to a Aeron at work about six months ago and it has made a huge difference ! Sure , I still have some stiffness here and there , but the way it holds your posture and evenly distributes weight really helps me out.It seems to be very well made , and I have not had any problems with any of the adjustable parts.It is pricey , but well worth it , in my opinion .
 I have stopped telling people about the Aeron chair I bought on EBAY . When I shop , I dont mess around . People always ask '' Thats nice , How much did that cost ? '' Its as if they ask the question , so they can then tell me how I spend way to much money . I didnt spend the advertised price on Amazon , it cost $ 550 to my door . Although slightly used -LRB- tiny scratches -RRB- it is in better condition then ones my coworkers purchased at a local used office furniture store . They paid $ 350-400 for Aeron chairs in ugly orange , small holes in the fabric , and mis matched arm rests . Mine looks lightly used at most for $ 550 , and very appealing in a sapphire blue color.So am I an idiot for paying this much for a chair ? -LRB- People who ask who much the chair cost , swear up and down a good chair is less $ 50 brand new -RRB- My brain says a office chair over $ 500 is insane , but my back says it was worth every penny . Working from home for a mortgage company , I help other sales staff learn basics to processing . I also have my own clients and to deliver superior service I slave over the processing portion of my files as well . I can sit down as early as 6 AM to get a jump start on out of state loans or the lenders I deal with in other time zones . My day usually ends 8-9PM but when rate locks and packages have expiration dates I can work till 11PM . Yes , I do sit in a chair 8-11 hours and my back and shoulders were strained on a daily basis . Most of this strain is solved by the Aeron chair , it keeps my lower back supported minimizing the neck and shoulder pain . I never knew what the AERON CHAIR was until working at TECH SPACE . The office spaces were furnished and every chair was Aeron . Weeks into working from home my back pains started . 2 months agao our office relocated , and our owner needed to furnish the new offices.My first visit to the new offices , I noticed 4 AERON chairs . Our top producers had gone to a office furniture outlet and got themselves the chairs . I asked if other employees noticed not having the best chairs ? Occasionally they have found someones swaping chairs leaving the economy ones purchased brand new . They even joked they were buying bicycle chains to safeguard thier office chairs from the employees who were not as fortunate to get the AERON . Bottom line , if you shop for saftey features in automobiles , and arch support when buying shoes , UV protection in Sunglasses , quality made apparel over cheap rags ... this chair will save you from aches , pains , strains , and maybe stop a hunch back in the future . The cost is something you have to swallow , I have not found a comparable chair with Lumbar support anywhere on the internet after extensive research . I tried to get my employer to furnish me with one of the Aeron chairs , but my boss said she doesnt even have one . Sometimes you have to decide if your worth it and purchase it at your own expense . Its nice to see these chairs have such a huge resale value on places like EBAY as well .
 This is a very comfortable chair even with out the lumbar feature . Reasonably priced and I would certainly buy another one .
 After many back issues it was time to invest in a chair that would make life a little easier . A bit of a skeptic at first , but once I sat in my new Aeron chair I was sold . You can feel it working the second you sit down . It 's a great purchase for anyone with back problems who finds themselves sitting at a desk much of the day .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 I finally got this amazing chair and now I 'm enjoing the time with that ergonomic chair . Love it so much !
 The Aeron chair has become the industry standard for high quality design combined with ergonomic sensibility . They last forever , are as comfortable as any chair ever made and look great in any setting . I would beg to disagree with the other reviewer who whines about price . The chair costs a couple hundred more than cheaper alternatives , but can you really place a dollar value on not having your spine collapse at 40 ? This is the BMW of chairs , so one pays a premium for the superlative quality and engineering of the product.The Aeron is an excellent investment piece whose long term value is unquestionable . For anyone who sits for long periods and has ever had back , neck , shoulder , or coccyx pain , this chair is a must .
 I have had this chair for three years now . It is the most comfortable chair I have ever had.It is priced high but you will get many years out of it.I can only think of three negatives .1 . On cold days this chair is freezing . -LRB- put a blanket on it -RRB- 2 . Women say it will ruin pantyhose and some fabrics .3 . Do n't fart . Everyone in a 100 yard radius will hear it .
 Yes , the Aeron Chair is expensive . It 's the Mercedes Benz of chairs - and with good reason . First of all , it comes in 3 sizes to fit all sorts of body types -LRB- check the Herman Miller website for a sizing chart -RRB- . Secondly , it 's extremely adjustable -LRB- assuming you get the `` highly adjustable '' version and not the `` basic '' -RRB- . Everything from the tilt of the seat , the arm rests , and the tension of the reclining back can be adjusted . Thirdly , the pellicle mesh fabric lets your bottom and back breath , and never do you feel too warm while sitting in it for long periods of time -LRB- which is common when you work at an office -RRB- . Lastly , the quality of the chair is first-class . The main supports are made of metal while the frame is made up of a hard , quality plastic . Everything adjusts and moves without any squeeks or loose parts whatsoever.Be aware that you can buy the Aeron Chair in various forms - each having some form of options added or omitted . The PostureFit System is great for lower-back support . It 's a subtle effect , but certainly beneficial . You can also buy additional casters -LRB- wheels -RRB- for deep carpet or for a smooth floor . The Aeron Chair also comes in various colors - Graphite , Titanium , and even an `` Executive '' version with a shiney chrome finish.The only reason I did n't rate this chair with a full 5-stars is the difficult installation of the PostureFit system -LRB- typically a $ 30 option -RRB- . While it 's not complicated , it does take some strength and dexterity to fiddle with a tight tension wire and the back of the chair itself .
 The Herman Miller Aeron is the chair of choice for lumbar support with the added bonus of the mesh materal releiving pressure points . I have the highly adjustable model with leather arm pads for eight years now and it feels as supportive and comfortable as the day I brought it home . It was more than I could afford at the time but I certainly could not afford by back issues so I charged it on credit credit . Best credit card purchase I ever made . It is worth the investment . I have very little trouble with my back now . I attribute that to a good bed , a good chair and good body stretch . I hope this will be of help if you are `` on the fence '' , take the plunge . You will be glad .
 Things to know not listed with the description of this chair that I wanted to know when I was looking . The Herman Miller chair comes with many configuration options , this chair comes with the plastic arm rest pads , not the leather option which is an additional $ 99 and can be purchased extra - the pad are top notch regardless , but it was something I wanted to know and could n't find on the description . The Casters are the standard version and work great - you can upgrade to Carpet and hardwood floor casters for $ 50 more as an additional option too.Buy the PostureFit version of the chair even if you feel you might prefer the Lumbar support later because you can always add the lumbar piece later as a $ 50 option but its not so easy going the other way if you buy the lumber version of the chair . Otherwise let me say that NOTHING compares to this chair and if you are even 10 % concerned about your posture , back , overall sitting health you need to dig into those pockets and buy this chair ... I know , I have to sit in it every day for 8-10 hours and I 've paid the price over the years in cheap un-supportive chairs - You will love it.My experience with the chair is that within minutes of setting up the chair to my environment , comfort and starting back at my work I am already feeling the correcting effects on my body due to the posture this chair forces me correctly into while sitting at my computer all day . The PostureFit pad is super due to the plain fact it helps push your hips over to the point that you are sitting up right correctly and placing your weight in the right places.One last thing to mention about the chair size , if you are tall , I 'm 6 ' 2 '' , then go with the C chair as you will want the extra 11/2 '' of chair depth it provides - the chair is not that much bigger looking than the `` B '' version but it is 11/2 '' deeper , wider and taller . Before I purchased here I called Herman Miller directly and asked all the question I had but then asked them where I could go in my area to try out all the chairs and see for myself . Upon doing so it became immediately clear that the large chair was the best fit . If you have short -LRB- er -RRB- legs then the `` B '' chair is for you , oh and Amazon has the BEST price too and NO Shipping : -RRB- Eric
 Upgraded from a $ 60 office store sale chair after 3 years , preparing for starting work from home . Worth every penny and posture-fit option is a gem . I will say the largest model , C , runs a bit large . If your height/weight is at the edge of the B/C chair guidelines , you may want to go with the B.
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistent pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 As others have expressed in their reviews -- this chair is fantastic . Delivery was timely , setup was easy , with exception of the lumbar cable . I 'm completely satisfied . BHL
 Thanks to the reviews on Amazon , I was very careful when put it together . It worked out great . My wife is happy !
 I bought this item because it was advertised to shread up to 8 sheets at once and also credit cards . And it certainly does that wonderfully . I enjoy feeding it most of my junk mail including those initial offer credit cards unopened!I initially used it to catch up on a back log of old files and had no problems as long as I metered out the pages 8 at a time . If you try for too many sheets it bogs down , but the manual forward and reverse feature are usually helpful enough to clear the jam . Otherwise , you just have to reach in -LRB- with the power off ! -RRB- and manually clear any excess paper bits.After reading other reviews I settled on this particular model and brand . I 've used it for several weeks and turn the power off when I 'm not using it . So far so good , with only a few minor quibbles ... Even though there is a clear thin indicator window , my model has a darker trash bin than was pictured here which makes it slightly harder to see when it 's full . The edges of the bin are sharp which means watch your fingers when emptying it and especially when returning the lid ! It is also quite noisy .
 I bought this one after researching several on amazon . Noticed how many have 1-star ratings from people who 've only reviewed one product ever , making most of them non-trustworthy . I went to a local store to pickup Royal 85X , but picked up this one instead as it was cheaper , and cuts 8 sheets instead of 10 . On to the review :1 . This is definitely louder than my previous non-crosscut shredder . Someone reviewing Royal 85X mentioned the same .2 . Shreds credit cards - no problems3 . Shreds upto 6 sheets -LRB- 3 folded -RRB- nicely , but 8 sheets -LRB- or 4 folded -RRB- are not shred .4 . Wastebasket fits , no problems . -LRB- unlike a past reviewer -RRB- 5 . Remember
 This chair is a work of art -- functional art . I have used Aeron chairs over the last five years on a daily basis . I can attest to their excellent support for those with spinal conditions . After purchasing inferior chairs for home office use in the $ 250 - $ 450 price range , I would recommend just investing more money in one of these durable chairs . After having spinal surgery , I never thought I 'd be able to handle a full-time sedentary job again -- but Herman Miller chairs have made all the difference . If you are tall , definintely get the larger size . I 've seen co-workers remove the arms , but I find them to be just right for me . In the case of this premium product -- quality is definitely worth the money if you 're back health is of utmost importance .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistent pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 This is easy to use and works good . The platic cover for the keys broke off . It was only attached with a couple of plastic pins .
 I work in an office environment and often have need for a calculator to work on reports and statistics . I have owned this model for a couple of years now and I think it is great . The display is large and easy to read and the buttons are big , but not too big . The buttons on my last calculator were very fussy - you had to push straight down on the button or it would not register the number . Canon got it perfect with this model , as the keys are sensitive enough that I never experience missed numbers as I am entering.Also , since it is solar and battery powered there are no worries about it dying on you at a bad time . I highly recommend this calculator to anyone looking for a basic model with great user-friendly features .
 When my 20-year-old calculator died , I needed another one about the same size . Even with excel on two computers , I find the frequent need to hammer out a quick calculation and I needed something I could use quickly -- that the buttons were large enough to easily hit with my finger . This calculator fits the bill exactly !
 Well , what should i say about a calculator ? Its a calculator and it gets it job done ! I do like the button , give you a feeling that you are actually typing on a hard keyboard .
 This is exactly what I need and use . The size and feel are very good . I bought two for the convenience.Many people use the calculator on their computer . I do n't like to do that because it takes too long and because I like to have something physical in front of me while looking at other things on the monitor . I think it 's a matter of personal preference and I 've got to have one of these at all time.The keys are big enough to facilitate rapid use and ease of sight unlike the calculator in my cell phone . The angle of the display is ideal in my opinion.It 's funny how one used much more sophisicated calculators as a student and yet in one 's work this type of calculator does the job most of the time . The rest of the time , one might use Excel.I 'd be lost without a calculator just like this sitting on my desk at all times . I recommend this one in particular and the price is reasonable .
 This chair is a work of art -- functional art . I have used Aeron chairs over the last five years on a daily basis . I can attest to their excellent support for those with spinal conditions . After purchasing inferior chairs for home office use in the $ 250 - $ 450 price range , I would recommend just investing more money in one of these durable chairs . After having spinal surgery , I never thought I 'd be able to handle a full-time sedentary job again -- but Herman Miller chairs have made all the difference . If you are tall , definintely get the larger size . I 've seen co-workers remove the arms , but I find them to be just right for me . In the case of this premium product -- quality is definitely worth the money if you 're back health is of utmost importance .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistent pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 This chair is a work of art -- functional art . I have used Aeron chairs over the last five years on a daily basis . I can attest to their excellent support for those with spinal conditions . After purchasing inferior chairs for home office use in the $ 250 - $ 450 price range , I would recommend just investing more money in one of these durable chairs . After having spinal surgery , I never thought I 'd be able to handle a full-time sedentary job again -- but Herman Miller chairs have made all the difference . If you are tall , definintely get the larger size . I 've seen co-workers remove the arms , but I find them to be just right for me . In the case of this premium product -- quality is definitely worth the money if you 're back health is of utmost importance .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistent pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 great product . I used it for home office use . Ships quickly and makes my job easier to do at home .
 This is just a basic telephone that works as well as any other corded hand set . The size is small and comfortable to hold to your ear . It has two different levels for mic volume and two levels for the ring . The buttons are round covered with some type of rubber material so it is easy to press them . Be sure that the cord to the wall is a thin cable because the phone jack is located on the bottom of the base and has a narrow opening to run the cord .
 I love this calculator ! Simple as that . A co-worker introduced me to the Cannon LS555H when we were working on a sales floor selling furniture . This sleek design fits uniquely in your pocket with hardly an indication you even have one . The `` no-fail '' buttons work smoothly and effortlessly and the large image display is easily viewed from any angle . I still have the first one I started out with 10 years ago . . works the same as it did the first day I got it , but just in case it should ever wear out or they stop making this model , I went on the hunt for another one as a back-up . Like most things , when you have something good that you like , you try to stay with the same thing . Such is the case with the Cannon LS555H . This is an excellent , `` must have '' tool for any business professional .
 Product description says it all and was able to get a zoomed-in look at this little guy . This is a handy little gadget as well as a high-quality product from Canon . Conveniently small enough to slip into my pants pockets and easily retrievable whenever I need it while at work . The reactions of my co-workers about the LS555H are pretty much all the same ; they all think it 's a cool little device they wish they had as well . The buttons are spaced out enough to avoid punching unwanted ones simultaneously whether you have normal-sized fingers or fat fingers . Also , I love the large digit display which IMO is the best thing about it . Do n't know about overall durability ... in other words do n't try to purposely slam it down on the floor or step on it with all your weight to see if it does n't break . All in all , a great product not to be missed for those needing a `` basic '' function calculator .
 Small compact calculator . Flip cover helps it not to get scratched if being carries in pocket or purse . A+O nly addition that should be made to the calculator is adding a back-space button .
 great for tech math or financial math small face plate protected when not in use large digital read out great litlle calc
 I needed a small , easy to use calculator for household use . This one fits the bill . The cover protects it while stored . One feature I especially like is the ` off ' button , not found on lots of models . The screen is easy to read and the keys are spaced just right to prevent miskeying .
 The size measurements given are incorrect . While this item is as depicted , the actual size is smaller :5 by 4.25 inches when open . -LRB- The size in the description is for the packaging -RRB-
 this item is very easy to operate ... holds images without fadeing the color and feel are verygood ... lcd is a very good size
 This little machine has been working perfectly for me.I especially like the battery and solar functions.I plan to get another one soon .
 I am in love with this easy to read , simple to use , calculator , well done , all my family love the non complicated little foldable calculator . well made and great for the price .
 One does n't realize how much one uses a calculator until one retires . This one fits my pocket or my pocketbook , works great .
 This Canon Calculator is excellent ! I bought two , one for my wife and one for myself . They are perfect since they run off of battery and solar . We both really love this calculator .
 Love the large numbers for easy reading , Case closes securely and it fits nice in a pocket or bag . You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 Larger buttons than your standard calculator , with the flip top making it sturdy and easy to take along in your bag .
 A good size with big numbers easy to read . very usufull to me , I get the information quicklyFits in any pocket or briefcase ,
 If you are looking for a simple calculator for a great price then you need look no further . It has all the requisite buttons we have come to expect in any calculator.Extra features I particularly like are the large easy to read numbers and the dual power source . The primary power source is the solar window plus it has a battery backup that takes over or supplements in low light . From past experience batteries using this system last over 5 years . The lid snaps securely when closed and all the materials look and feel of good quality . A good value from a good name .
 I purchased the Canon LS-555H calculator because I wanted a small calculator for traveling . For me , it 's an ideal size for slipping into my purse or pocket at 41/4 inches long and 21/2 inches deep with the lid closed . It has a nice secure `` clicking '' sound when shut it so you know it 's closed . The buttons are easy to push and the number viewing screen is a nice size at 3 by 1 inches . The booklet that came with it states
 I have used similar Casio SL-200TE Dual Leaf calculators for years - the last one did not work that I ordered recently -LRB- and the replacement did not work either -RRB- . I ordered this and it is great - I 've found my new replacement ! I use this several times a week doing grading .
 Love the easiness of using this small calulator that fits easily in my purse or on my desk at home . The keys fit my fat fingers and the numbers are easy on my eyes . What more can you ask for in a calculator ? Battery life you say ? No problem , because it is also solar powered . Buy it for sure .
 The nubers are easy to see and the batteries charge in light . This calculator is easy to use and geen .
 What can one Say ... Its a Calculator ... Fast shipping and it works great . . use it on a daily basis no problems so far . . Thx
 I really love this compact folding calculator . I read a review that said someone had one for 10 years . To me that is quite a recommendation in this throw away world . It is easy to operate and the keys are big enough for ease of use .
 I have been looking for a portable calculator with basic functions for my mobile office and this was the perfect size ! I like the design and portability ; the display is large and it looks durable . Only time will tell though . So far , it 's great for what I need !
 Although this small calculator is a little larger than the one it replaced , nevertheless , it is working exactly the way I wanted it to .
 Good calculator for price . It does the job as needed.I would recommend this for an all around the house calculator .
 The calculators I ordered arrived quickly , so I am pleased with the prompt delivery . I was surprised as to how small they were , though . I was expecting them to be quite a bit larger . They work well , which is most important , and I will buy more of these if needed .
 Calculator is smaller than I expected -LRB- but may be fault of mine more than anything else -RRB- . Calculator is 10x8 cm and the numbers are 2 cm tall . Numbers are easy to read even in dim light ; is solar-powered as well so turns on immediately after opening . Buttons are pretty cheaply made -LRB- kind of jiggle in their spots -RRB- but I do n't think it will be an issue really . Okay product for price -LRB- just wish I had n't paid shipping on it -RRB- .
 We needed a simple calculator , with large numbers and a display that was easy to read with the calculator set on the table.I like that it has both battery and solar power -LRB- I still need to figure out if I can change the battery , I do n't see a door , but maybe the whole back comes off . -RRB- I bought this because I was so frustrated trying to read the flat type calculator while it rested on the table . You only need one hand to use this , not one to hold the calculator and the other to press the numbers.Great for every day use , kids ' homework -LRB- nothing scientific -RRB- , etc. .
 I bought this to replace a larger desktop portable version that required a new battery and I could n't find one to fit . This one is much smaller and compact and the screen is very good and easy to read , and keys are still large enough for easy use . I 'm happy with my purchase .
 Overall I am happy with it . The keys could be a little farther apart , and there is no off button . Once turned on it remains on for about 6 minutes . Other than those two things it 's fine .
 Just got this little calculator and love it . It is dual powered -LRB- solar & battery -RRB- , has a small footprint -LRB- 3.25 '' x 4.25 '' -RRB- , big 8 digit display , easy to use keys , and a tilt top . I recommend this product and may buy another one .
 My husband needed a calculator for his garage , all the calculators out there are too advanced . . we just needed a simple one . He was so pleased by this gift , and loved how the face bends up so you can read it without picking it up -LRB- and getting it all greasy with his hands -RRB- .
 This is your basic calculator . It 's small , lightweight . Great for a student or for home use . I would n't use it for counting millions . ; -RRB- It 's solar powered which is a plus but it does n't have a manual off button.Definitely worth the price .
 The product is functioning just as good , so far , as the Texas Instruments TI-1795SV calculator which I also own . It has basically the same functions but with a little smaller footprint and quite a few dollars cheaper .
 THIS LITTLE CALCULATOR IS THE BEST ONE IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE AND ALL OTHER UNIVERSES THAT MAY YET BE DISCOVERED . aaaaaa + + + + + + +
 I am a realtor and a calculator is essential for my job . This little Canon LS82Z Calculator is the right price ; I can see the numbers ; the shipping was free through Prime shipping ; and I got it within a week -LRB- might have even been a couple of days . -RRB- It came with a function card and taught me some things I may have known , but surely had forgotten about storing information and re-using it ; again , a real asset for customers asking about financing.It really is a sweety ! Thank you.Gail Hoxie
 I know there is a calculator on my computer , but I still love regular calculators and this one is a convenient , compact size . Since this is dual powered , it will last longer and you can recharge it with solar power.The size of this calculator is nice because it fits in your hand while you calculate away . I find I make less mistakes , although I do sort of miss my calculator with the larger key pad . ~ The Rebecca Review
 Perfect size , can fit in the palm of your hand , comfortable keys that are properly space and have very good key action . The best I have ever had and I just bought a second one for work .
 Canon makes a fine small pocket calculator that I trust . I understand , of course , that some people will want this for the same reasons I wanted it while other people would never be satisfied with this calculator . Therefore , here are the pros and cons of this calculator : PROS :1 -RRB- It can use either solar power or battery power .2 -RRB- The keys are pretty much the right size .3 -RRB- The numbers on the screen are relatively easy to read and it 's got a memory feature .4 -RRB- The calculator comes with a `` function card . '' This will help you or refresh your memory as to how to use this calculator to its maximum potential .5 -RRB- This product is relatively inexpensive ; this is perfect for anyone who wants an affordable pocket calculator .6 -RRB- The display is angled toward the viewer 's eyes so it 's easy to read the display -- and the display does n't even need full brightness in order for you to read it!CONS :1 -RRB- It does n't have features that a statistician would want . If you want to use this for matrix and vector calculations , you 're flat out of luck . Get a scientific calculator instead .2 -RRB- The change sign button is very difficult to even notice -- it 's on the '' % '' button ! 3 -RRB- The three key limit on the memory function may frustrate people.Overall , this calculator is perfect for anyone who wants a regular , reliable and inexpensive calculator just to do basic functions . Again , statisticians and other people will not be satisfied with this ; but I was pleased overall . It 's a great calculator for most people ; and so I 'll give this a four star review .
 One other reviewer said the change sign button is on the % sign . Well , it is n't actually . There is no change sign button . What the + - on the percent button means is you can add or subtract percent easily . For example , you can key in 100 + 6 % to add 6 % to 100 ... It is a small calculator , but perfect for balancing a checkbook . Perfect size for what I was looking for . I do wish it had a change sign button , however . That would get it 5 stars then .
 It has an eye-angled , upright display , and is perfect to work on a desk . The keypad is not as soft as other calculators on the market , giving you a retro and reliable feel -LRB- if you have ever used those full size desktop calculators popular a decade ago , you know what I am talking about . -RRB- I find other calculators -LRB- e.g. , Sharp EL-377T -RRB- awkward to use on a desk . They are perfect for handheld . If you want to have a calculator on your desk and operate with one hand and without leaning forward to check the LCD screen , this Canon LS-82Z is perfect for you .
 I needed a simple and small calculator for work . I do n't use it very often , but when I need one I am usually in a hurry and want it to work ASAP . I wanted a solar one that was easy to use and did n't have lots of fancy buttons . This is exactly what I was looking for . It 's not bulky and not too `` scientific '' .
 Even though the calculator fits in the palm of your hand I find it easier to use than some of the larger ones . Highly reccommended .
 Fully functional little unit with all the proper bells and whistles for getting the job done . Ca n't complain about this tlittle usit .
 The calcular works great , but the size is miss leading . Too small to work with for a long period of time.Needs to be larger size.Linda Heathcock .
 Did exactly what the purchase was required to do . There was no surprises on this item . Fit right in and did the job that was required .
 It was a little smaller then i thought it would be works great other wise and it 's easy to read
 Great product ... came on time ... no prior charging time.Works like a charmIt is great ... looking and working with larger numbers ... but a nice hand held size and readable window screen
 One of my teammated needed a calculator and I gladly gave him mine . I regretted it as soon as I did . I ordered a new at my first opportunity ! Love this tool !!
 Needed a portable calculator because I hated using the one on my computer . This one is small and handy and stores easily in my pencil holder . The buttons are on the smaller side but its no biggy .
 needed to replace one and this fits the bill . it 's a bit smaller than my old one but works way better than the old one in low light .
 I do n't know why , but I love these basic calculators . I love the convenience of this , and the key size is nice - not too big but also not tiny . I have a few of these laying around home and the office .
 Much smaller than it looks on line but it works just fine and so much better than trying to use blackberry calculator !
 I had a need for a solar calculator that did not take up space but at the same time was not too small . I like the display angle . It 's the perfect basic calculator . I would have given it five stars but for the fact that the On/C button would have been better placed if it was the first one in the column and not the second .
 When counting the conceivable number of ice cream cones you could eat within a 365-day year , a calculator managing the basic functions should be all you need ... and that is all right here in this Canon.Some days are like the one today . The summer swelts , as it is apt to do , but what about you ? Worry not . Traipse onward to your favorite creamery . How often can you do this ? That 's where the calculator comes in.Work in your figuring confectionery and coffee shop visits , stops by the corner hot dog vendor , and the lovely friend you might bring along to each celebration of taste . Consider taxes , tips , and extra chocolate sprinkles . This math will take a focused mind , and an accurate calculator.Large numbers , visible digits , and extra buttons for those with the mathematical acumen to enjoy them , the Canon calculator sits snugly on any desk or cafe counter . It will suffice most dining needs , powered by sunny days and ice cream desires.Ensure the goodness of a year filled with flavor , well-paced through each week by knowing the cost and averages of chocolate , cappuccino and gelato . Be prepared for hot fudge sundaes , mochas and nougat bars . When December comes , as the year has passed , you will be able to tell the one you love , `` This one 's on me , '' with confidence , as you will have studied the numbers on your Canon calculator . -- Brockeim
 Heralded by Zoologists and some more extreme factions of Entomologists as the single most useful field instrument in the history of Zoology , this nifty little calculator performs animal specific calculations and permutations.In order to enable the patent pending Animal Function , shake the calculator thrice , then twice in a turnwise rotation -LRB- Clockwise if you are in the northern hemisphere -RRB- . Voila ! The calculator will now perform calculations for all your favourite animals and even the ones we do n't like.Ever wanted to know what an elephant divided by a hen to the power of antelope equals ? This calculator will provide the answer . -LRB- Hint
 very handy to have at your desk or at your bedside table . a little awkward for your purse .
 I first saw the CANON LS-82z calculator at my local bank . Itwas anchored to a table , so no one would take it , and wasthere for people to tally up deposits and/or withdrawals . It isso little , so useful , so -- well , cute -- that I found myselfanthropomorphizing it , -LRB- that is , turning an innanimate objectinto something which is living ... at least in my imagination , and falling completely in love with the adorable littlecalculator at first sight , -LRB- and use ! -RRB- . I wanted so much to takeit home with me , -LRB- as a calculator -- AND pet ! -RRB- Perhaps it ` sdue to the fact that I live in a no-pet building that helpedfoister these , er ... feelings in me , but the fact is that it ISa rather small and compact little calculator , -LRB- only 3.5 x 4.5 x1 .2 inches in size -RRB- , has easy-to-use hard , -LRB- but not too hard -RRB- plastic keys , and a nice big 8-digit display ! It also seemedjust the right size fit in my hand ... though , of course , tetheredas it was to the table in the bank , I could n't try it out . No -- I did NOT hear the little calculator say , `` Take me home with you ! '' -- but it was fun to IMAGINE it was saying this . I also knew thebank had probably searched very carefully to find the right modelcalculator to put on the bank table . So -- with this free advicethat this was a good calculator , -LRB- which the bank had unknowinglygiven me -- and every other bank customer ! -RRB- , and my own immediateliking to it -- though I knew I could n't take the bank 's modelhome with me , I did the next best thing
 The designers at Canon responsible for this product appear to have actually used a calculator before . This product is thoughtfully designed and ergonomically appropriate . The battery back-up is great for low-light conditions and works seamlessly -LRB- if you happen to be `` ciphering '' and walking at the same time -RRB- . Highly recommended !
 `` The LS82Z measures approximately 3.5 by 4.5 by 2.25 inches `` I missed this part of the product description , so I was quite surprised when the 3 calculators that I orderd arrived . As someone who is forever in financial meetings , this calculator has come in handy many times . It may be small , but it works perfectly !
 This thing is tiny , not like the one I had growing up . It 's definitely pocket size and will work well for me taking it to the store as planned , works fine , love the solar or battery option . Batteries will cost you about three bucks to replace for this unit so beware that , it does not take double or triple a batteries , takes button cell , though with the solar , I 'm guessing about once a year having to replace the internal battery . Good deal overall , I love the little thing . I have small hands this might be a problem for really big hands .
 I needed a calculator for work and I had limited space . I tried pocket ones that were flat and the # 's were hard to see and buttons harder to push . Other calculators had a darker screen that made the numbers hard to see . It may sound stupid to some people but I use it a lot and this one is perfect . It tilts up like a bigger desk calculator but takes up no space . Also fits in my desk drawer when I leave . Very easy to see and buttons have a nice `` spring '' to them . And on top of that it 's inexpensive . I 'm a very picky person and I love it .
 It 's good . It serves the purpose and was inexpensive , it 's just that its a little smaller than I was expecting .
 I have big hands and it does look larger in the picture but fits well in my brief case and computer desk drawer . well put together but just a little small for my taste .
 It looks and works great . Bought two of them . I wish the instructions showed that the screw goes through the whole thing though because I took the back off and was trying to get it turned back on and had to figure it out . But the second one went one piece of cake in less than a minute once I knew what to do .
 Bought this door stop for the new shed.Very good deal , and simple installation!Bought this door stop for the new shed.Very good deal , and simple installation !
 I love these pens , and will be very upset when they are gone.I find them to be the most comfortable ballpoint pens I 've ever used !
 I added a correct photo . LATER
 Great calculator for the price . No complaints . It is very easy to use and to see . A good buy .
 I love this calculator . It 's very easy to use , and compact soit does n't take up that much room on my desk . The appearanceis great . I would 1,000 % recommend this calculator to anyonewho is thinking of buying a new calculator ! As a matter of fact , Iliked this calculator so well that I purchased a second Canoncalculator for my first son and his family to use .
 I have been using this calculator for more than 3 years.I use it on a daily basis , and it has helped me with my day to day work . I need to figure out sales margins and whatnot so the cost/sell/margin buttons are really helpful.The buttons are a bit sticky , so I am purchasing a new one . I am glad this model is still around ! I love it !
 The last calculator I had , very similar in design , lasted 10 years . The battery is continually recharged unless you work in a cave . The display on that one finally started to fade , so I got this one . Having an inquiring mind , I took the old one apart to see what the battery situation was . It was a tiny 1.5 volt button cell , like they use in watches , and its housed in a metal enclosure on a printed circuit board . The battery still measured 1.4 volts after ten years , and probably had nothing to do with the display failure ! The unit I received works fine , and my advice for anyone worried about battery life is to forget it . Ten years from now you can treat yourself to a new one .
 For the price , this is an awesome buy . It 's solar powered so you never have to worry about batteries . It 's got large numbers for those of us who wear glasses or who just need to look quickly at the totals . I 'm super happy with this ... it 's just what I need for D & D gaming ... calculating rolls and character attributes . It 's also got a lit background . Great !
 mom likes it . big numbers . Perfect for her . I need more words . so Here 's some more freakin words . one two
 This has all the features I need for quick calculations , and it 's easier to reach for than opening a window on the computer . The functions I need are there , battery backup , solar cell , tilt-display with good sized numbers - and inexpensive . That 's all I need !
 Great business desktop calculator . Wide-screen , beautiful buttons and tilt display . I 'm proud to have it grace my desk .
 As one reviewer wrote , When I opened my card holder for the first time , the pages appeared crinkled , but I can still view the cards perfectly and it 's very easy to insert and remove cards . I would 've liked to have found a double column organizer so that there is more card viewing and less page flipping , but this product is functional .
 If you know anything about .3 MM lead , you know they break easily . This is probably the strongest lead out there . Pentel Super Hi Polymer are always the highest quality -LRB- hence high price -RRB- .12 Tubes is a lot , but if you use a lot like me , you want it especially since shipping 1 tube is so expensive , might as well buy more.Keep in mind .3 mm lead also runs through faster so buying the 12 pack is definitely worth it .
 Sadly I was n't able to find this particular item in any physical store . If anyone has a recommendation as to where to find it , that would be amazing . Having said that , the seller packaged this item very well , nothing was broken , but still the shipping was more than the items themselves .
 i bought this for my Pentel pencil . is expensive but seems like this is the best one i can choose
 Shipping was fast and highest quality of it !! This HB feels like ... between B and HB . So you do n't have to order B for school works .
 It 's lead . I use it in my Pentel Graph Gear 1000 and it works fine . Even though it 's so thin , it does n't easily break . It 's actually easier to break my .5 mm lead .
 I tried finding this in the stores like Staples and OfficeDepot or Max . I forget which but either way , it was impossible to find . Anyway it works great . I have n't had any problems with it so far . Does n't seem to break easy or anything bad .
 This is good lead for fine lines and is hard to find in art supply stores . This tiny lead when used in high quality drafting pencils is amazing for drawing comic strips and yonkoma manga on standard copy paper to scan into a computer .
 .3 lead is notorious for breaking , but this pentel hb lead holds out quite nicely . Satisfied with both the product and the price .
 I purchased this item as describedPentel Super Hi-Polymer Lead Refill , 0.3 mm Extra Fine , HB , 144 Pieces of Lead -LRB- 300-HB -RRB- Now read this very carefully , 1 tube of lead is 12 pieces , and 1 box is 12 tubes equaling 144 pieces . The listed price is $ 23.40 for a box of 144 pieces , that are being sold for $ 1.11 . I bought 10 boxes of this expecting to get 1440 pieces of lead and instead the company sends me 10 tubes that is only 120 pieces . I contacted them and get the reply that i only purchased tubes not the boxes even though the product description states 144 pc for 1.11 . Do not buy this item from myofficeinovations seeing as they are using this product page to sell a smaller item not the one being advertised.Great lead love .3 mm for both my art and for writing , but I hope this information will help others not to get con 'd . * EDIT 3-28-12 * The company has contacted me back and set the situation correct . Seems Amazon `` accidently '' grouped the multiple sellers together even tho they were not selling the exact advertised product . Thank you again for your quick response and for editing product so that this is less likely to happen to others . Rating from 1 to 4 because of quick and courteous customer service .
 This is the best -LRB- and cutest -RRB- tape dispenser I 've ever used . I am moving and I used the Tape Shark to tape all the boxes . It is easy to load the tape ; you fold down part of the shark 's mouth and it stays open while you put the tape in . The little wheel that you put the tape on is adjustable . The handle is ergonomic and has a rubbery grip , and I did n't have any trouble with it even though I have small hands . My dad also liked the tape dispenser , so you need n't worry about the handle being too small either . The dispenser is not too top heavy -LRB- due to the location of the roll of tape -RRB- and is pretty sturdy . The shark 's head is metal and the dispenser is held together with screws . There is a rubbery roller that the tape goes around before coming out of the shark 's mouth -LRB- the non-sticky side should be next to the roller -RRB- . There are two little metal clips on the shark 's teeth that hold the tape until you 're ready to tape more -LRB- the clips come up when the shark 's nose is pushed -RRB- . You put the roller down on the box -LRB- at the front of the shark 's mouth -RRB- and pull the dispenser across the box ; at the end , push the shark 's nose against the box and the teeth come out and cut the tape -LRB- and then the clips hold the end of the tape until you 're ready to tape again -RRB- . You do n't have to change the angle at which you 're holding the dispenser to cut the tape . The Tape Shark Pro has a novel design that works really well and avoids many of the problems I 've had with other tape dispensers . I 'd recommend the Tape Shark to anyone who is moving or needs to tape a lot of boxes .
 I seem to have been packing up to move all my life . I have also worked in a number of shipping departments . All of the tape guns I have use prior to this have been similar to what Uline sells -LRB- sideload -RRB- or what U-haul sells . They have been of varying build quality but have all worked about the same . The only appreciable difference I could attain in the ease of taping was in choosing a better quality tape . Then I got to use the Shark Pro at my current job . It is the only gun I have used that hides the cutting teeth until they are needed . They activate simply by rolling the nose over while holding the roller against box . When you pull the gun away from the box , the teeth retract . It also has a better design for loading with the bottom opening farther than average to feed the tape through . I have n't used it long enough to speak to how long it will last . As with all guns , the glue residue does tend to build up on the teeth but the design seems to have take that into account and the cutter function seems to keep working well even with some build-up . I am sure that it would n't hurt to clean it occasionally . I have not found the frame prone to bending as with some other guns I have used . One last thought , I havent tried a severe drop test yet so I do n't know how well the plastic parts hold up in that regard but it seems plenty durable . Ours have taken numerous drops from about 4 feet and have not broken . It is too bad it ca n't make bad tape work better . I am definitely going to purchase one for home use .
 Having packed and shipped thousands of packages in the last 15 years or so , I 've experimented with any number of tape dispenser guns , including one that cuts the tape with a hot wire!This is by far the best of them I 've tried . The little gadgets that grab the tape and hold it ready for the next application really do work and work well . The tension control is a knob that is made for adult hands to use and the rubber grip face is a boon to the packer after several hours slapping and yanking . The cutter works well , with no hang-fire and is controllable ; I 've been using my thumb as a tensioning device for so many years that I was startled at how well this machine functions.But the slickest part is not illustrated in the product description ... a white shark mouth for the tape to exit from . It 's visible only from the right side but I got ta admit , it is cool and really well rendered.So good I just ordered a second one!This device will eat all of the others for lunch !
 I like an item that is first functional , but is also artistic without sacrificing functionality.I have an antique sewing machine , more than one hudred years old , it 's covered in beautiful gold leaf decorations , but does not suffer in functionality - and still works.Tape Shark is such an item . It 's a working functional tape dispenser first - but it also happens to look like a shark , which adds to and does not detract from the quality .
 I have managed warehouses and distribution centers for over 20 years . I have never found a gun that was so well designed . Sturdy , ergonomic , and safe ! The padded , ergonomic grip with handy thumb tab and retractable blade really set this product apart from the rest . If you have ever used another style , try this out and you 'll never go back . Not to mention that it 's price is extremely competitive $ $ $
 Normally I would n't leave a review for a small item like the Tape Shark . However , after packing up our house for a move this little tape gun was indispensible . -LRB- pun intended -RRB- I 've used other tape guns in the past with various problems . This one is by far the best .
 I bought this along with a 3M Scotch Gray Tape Dispenser . I love both of them and they are FAR SUPERIOR to the cheaper Scotch dispenser that had just broken on us . It gives you better control of the tape and you do n't have the annoying problem of the tape sticking all the time . Yes it is more , but if you can afford it you really should purchase this . You will not want to go back . This one is a bit better than the 3M Scotch Gray Tape Dispenser because the teeth are recessed so it is n't as easy to cut yourself . It is also cute with a little shark on it which my kids loved ! lol
 The loading instructions provided are somewhat deficient , but after getting past that the gun works flawlessly . I 've had several other guns over the years and they 've all been problematic to some degree . This gun has a clever design combining retracting cutting teeth with small clips which control the loose end of the tape . This allows you to make successive tape applications without the hassle of managing the loose end of the tape - the gun does that for you . Good ergonomics and nice balance make the gun easy to handle . Highly recommended .
 Trying to tape boxes without a tape gun is very difficult . I send a lot of packages , and this gun has worked well for me . It 's reliable and easy to use . Just be sure to use a good brand of tape with it . Cheap tape causes problems , no matter what gun you use .
 I 've used a lot of different tape guns , and this one is the best hands down . It 's a little bit heavier than others I 've used , but you get used to that . Also , the teeth are protected a bit more when it 's not cutting , protecting you and your package . If you 're getting frustrated with the tape gun you have now , this is definitely worth the extra bucks to pick up.I 've had it for about a week now , and I 'll update this review in a couple months about how the blade holds up .
 I love this tape dispenser . Moving kinda sucks , and honestly - it was just more fun to say `` Would you hand me the shark ? '' - totally worth it . At first , we thought it might be a bum product , before we realized you have to tilt it the right way to have the tape actually cut . I wish I could describe it better than that . Another reviewer 's words might help out , `` It is the only gun I have used that hides the cutting teeth until they are needed . They activate simply by rolling the nose over while holding the roller against box . When you pull the gun away from the box , the teeth retract . `` Buy it !
 I had to get boxes ready for shipping overseas and I am really glad I bought this . I went through about 18 rolls of tape in a week and this dispenser is still as good as new . I thought the clear part of the plastic that helps cut the tape might break early but it is still going strong . Seems like it will last a long time .
 but this is the best one I could find . It works fairly well , and has a little adjustment to help keep the real in line . I was annoyed having to order it online but I ship a lot so it had to be done .
 I would rate it a 5 but the small clamps the is to hold the tape does not work like it should . However besides for that I love it . I ordered two and I am about to order 6 more .
 I used to work at a retail place where we shipped ~ 15 packages a day , ranging in size from 8 '' cubes to big monsters that barely fit in the guidelines of UPS size requirements.I have used many tape dispensers , from the generic ones you get for free when you buy X many rolls of tape to the Scotch/3M version.This one is the champ.The safety feature actually works -- the teeth extend when you push on the plastic shield . You do n't have to hope and pray for it to happen , it just works -- the way it should . The size of the handle is quite large , so if you have big hands , you wo n't have to worry about your fingers falling off the end . The handle has a rubbery non-slip texture ... not coated in foam , like many of the ones I have used are.It would be the tape dispenser that would be fought over if I still worked at that place.AND IT LOOKS LIKE A SHARK . / queue Jaws music
 It dispenses tape well , which is the first think I look for in a tape dispenser . It is easy to use and quite ergonomic . You do need a bit of space to operate . Note quite worth the $ 20 + to me , but we do n't tape boxes often . Much better than the &#34; normal &#34; dispensers .
 You have to try it before liking it . I was intrigued by it 's shape so I got one to try . It works really well when you tape a box from the vertical side all the way to the top . The shape helps the tape close to the box for a tight seal . Loved it .
 Probably the best tool for this type of tape . Comfortable , practical , and ergonomic ... it 's much easier to start and end -LRB- i.e. cut -RRB- the tape .
 My wife has an ebay store and does alot of selling and packaging . She has needed this dispenser and she loves it . You literally do n't have to touch the tape with your hands and it cuts very clearly . I recommend this item especially if you do alot of packaging .
 this tape dispenser is so easy to use . it 's a ease to cut the tape . much better than the ordinary ones .
 We are in the midst of moving and have tried and discarded a couple of truly horrible , useless tape guns . This one works amazingly well . No jamming , no tape sticking to the metal guard , it cuts the tape , it does n't cut the person handling it . Just bought a second one so two people can pack boxes in different parts of the house .
 I bought the answering machine with two handsets and needed a third . Clear sound , good range , especially good volume control , no static . I 've had several different brands , and Motorola is the best ! I highly recommend it .
 My husband and I love the phone , so much so that we purchased another one for our newly finished garage . Good clean sound and works well . Never had a poblem with them , so when we needed another extension for my husbands garage - the choice was easy .
 This phone has lots of features but they are easy to use . Even my spouse , who is not thrilled with technology , likes this phone , which is why I ordered a fourth one to add to our existing three . We wanted one in the garage also and it has sufficient range to work as well as the corded one that was there before . Overall , a great value .
 Great phone , good distance , excellent voice quality . The only problem is the buttons seem to have `` worn out '' .
 I had to replace 2 of my extentions because the keypads wore out . I love this phone . It 's well worth the money . I 'm sorry Motorolla has decided to manufacture only cell phones .
 We have had 2 of these phones for a while now . They have always been great . Good sound quality , even when using the speaker . So naturally , when we needed a new answering machine , I got the motorola system that connects to my existing phones . I only just received it today , and ca n't wait to get started using it !! I 'm sure it will be just as wonderful as the single phones .
 I received my chair in record breaking speed , and it was extremely easy to put together . The only tool that I needed was a screw driver . The screws are set to receive a flat or phillips head screw driver . The only thing that I could find different was the actual color of blue . The Amazon Web page depicts a Royal Blue color , but the color is actually a Navy Blue . The issue of the shade of blue threw me for a while , but what can you expect for $ 48.00 . ? In the final analysis , it is a very comfortable chair .
 Got the chair in no time but the plastic housing that connects the back cracked . Contacted customer service they said no problem we will send you another one boom in 3 days it arrived and now I am loving my chair . Wooo HoooThank You so Much Jeff
 This chair is a wonder . Everytime I order `` some assembly required '' I have to have my nephew come over to do it . This time it meant what it said . It is so easy , that infamous store that sells you put it together furniture , should take a lesson . Plus it is comfortable andf very nice appearing .
 We needed report covers for our church 's annual report . This blue is exactly our &#34; church color , &#34; and I have n't been able to find it in stores . So glad to find these online . The clear plastic front is of excellent quality ; altogether , these are perfect for our needs .
 We use these report covers in our small business , and they are excellent . They are durable with a clear , plastic front , very clean looking for reports to clients . And they come in a variety of colors . There are three food down clasps inside , so they hold papers well without ripples or bends . Very nice .
 We bought this because even though we only needed a few , we figured we 'd use them all eventually . The color assortment seems very random ; we did n't get any yellow in ours , mostly red and black with a few blue and green tossed in .
 These covers work great in our practice . We use them for our policy manual and they make it easy to insure all employees have a neat copy to refer to .
 These served as covers for our high school reunion classmate greetings . For the price , surprisingly sturdy and attractive . I would choose these any time .
 As somone who prints out a lot of pdf files and reports from others , the clear front report cover is extremely helpful for grabbing the right report when I need it . Oxford creates great products that last a long time if taken care of . Highly recommend for your home or work place .
 I needed true red report covers for work and they are hard to find . Thank you for having them . I received them very quickly . I will be ordering again soon .
 If you are tired of running around trying to find report covers for the kids projects these are for you !!!! They are great in quality and quantity !!! LOL You wo n't be running around every weekend searching for report covers . The hunt stops here !!!
 My husband loves this retractiable badge holder !!! He was so happy when he opened them . I also got him the Boston Red Sox one also and he switches them for the right seasons . I would also like to say that they are very durable and are good quality .
 I have purchased 6 of these , one for myself and the rest as gifts . After seeing them at a local retail store I came home and orderd them here at half price ! So far they are have been durable as I work at a hospital and have to extend the cord to swipe my bage , sometimes hundreds of times a day .
 The badge holder will endure some pretty good wear and tear and keep right on going . The sticker on the holder fades more quickly than I would like , but its been a year so I ca n't complain too much .
 I use this for my badge and keys at work . It 's great but the keys are a bit heavy for it . But it works great for what it is made for .
 It 's been about four months since I 've had this reel and I 'm still happy . The reel function itself works fine and has n't given me any problems . The logo still looks brand new and has n't faded as some others have mentioned.One thing I do want to mention is the silver clip on the back did start to come a litttttle bit loose . I put a tiny bead of super glue on each side and it has had up well.All in all I am happy with the badge reel and would buy another at this price -LRB- $ 4 -RRB- if it failed me .
 We have these land lines in several rooms and they have worked just fine over the last three or four years . I like the fact that you can add phones to the system . We had some other larger Uniden phones that work as the `` main '' phones and the compatibility is perfect . They even work pretty good away from the base set when you are outside in the backyard . The features like caller ID etc. is a bonus . I must admit the phone book feature has never been used but we could if needed . If I had one complaint it might be the size is too small . I think they wanted to have the cell phone size but it is not the same . For man size hands the keypad is a little small but you get used to it by using corners of your thumb . Otherwise everything works fine for these extra phones to have in other rooms . I 'm not sure why one of the reviewers had so much static but there is no problem whatsoever here . The only time we have had static was in a bad storm but I believe that is normal . We bought them for the inexpensive price to have as extra phones and they do the job . If you want some supplemental phones these will do the job .
 these are really great stickers ; they are reasonably priced and good size for special occasions ; students love these stickers ; would highly recommend !
 I had this keyboard tray at my last job as a graphic artisit and loved it for designing . It 's size is great for resting your arms while using the keyboard for heavy use . It 's also great for all of the typing I do in my new admin . job . I recommend it for ease of use and ease of hiding when it needs to be put away . This is the best price I 've found as well .
 My son waas soo ... excited by the pencils . He is a Red Sox fan and sometimes i run short of gift ideas for boys . These were a big hit !
 These were fun pencils ! I say were because the Red Sox fans in my house used them up right away . They sharpened well -LRB- huge issue in my house -RRB- and the leads did n't fall out or constantly break like some do when you sharpen them . Cute
 Generally , I purchased these for use on some certificates for people who wanted some pinache for their certificates . This package of foil seals was priced well , in good packaging , and were basically all that they were advertised to be . However , I would have liked to see a close-up before purchase -LRB- and would still have purchased them -RRB- . I worried about their suitability before my purchase , but was pleased with the result.Really , they were n't bad ! It was the lack of close-up which made me worry , to the point that I almost passed them up . For this lack of marketing , I ca n't say I loved the process , but I 'm actually very satisfied with the labels .
 They have the word `` Excellence '' on them and generally look much better than the picture suggests . Perfect way to spruce up that document you 're working on .
 Overall a nice product , powerful , good looking , but with a few quirks . Feed/auto on mechanism a little picky as to the angle that you insert your paper . Recommend putting entire unit in a big trash bag when emptying , otherwise shredded bits go flying to the floor . Make sure to put the lid on the basket in proper orientation or motor wo n't run ; look for the little metal rail on the inside top right of the basket , if it 's not there rotate the basket 180 degrees and then put the top on .
 The shredder sits on a carpet , and it is top heavy and can easily be knocked over .
 i like my little shredder . i 've shredded practically half of my filing cabinet and it works well . i 'll do no more than 7 sheet or 4 thick sheets at a time and it does fine . i wo n't work it too hard for fear that i 'll make it overheat , but i 've done a sizeable stack in one sitting.no problems as of yet . it seems to be worth the money , and it 's kinda cute , too .
 I 've had this shredder for many many months now and it 's performed perfectly . Zero issues . I 'd highly recommend for daily at home shredding .
 Had been looking for a new check book calculator and finally tried your web after seeing the name on the old check book calculator . The numbers are larger and easier for me to see and use.Best buy in a long time .
 Ca n't do without item.I would be lost witout it.Very simple to use.Keeps checking account worry free just punch in the right numbers .
 It is a roll of lables that run as expected through the machine without incident . The labels themselves after being placed on an object fail to adhere properly for any length of time . Label ink also tends to fade , solution so far is to place clear tape over the label when possible . Overall , the labels do exactly what they were designed to do . For labels that would adhere better and ink that would be waterproof would require another type of label that Dymo does not seem to have to sell .
 Dymo labels work great with their related printers . A little expensive , but worth it in terms of helping with organization and the simplicity of use with the printers and software .
 I bought this telephone system about two months or so ago and have fallen in love with it . The worst thing I have found is trying to enter a speed dial location and phone number and there are only three available this part is a bummer . . . dc
 This phone replaced a crummy GE cordless phone which was a piece of junk from the get go . The battery on my GE phone would literally last 15 min after being in the cradle overnight.GE 's customer service , or lack of it is a disgrace . A total piece of crap.This Uniden phone on the other hand , is nicely made , clear , and has tons of features . The battery lasts very long as I was on a business call for 3 hours , and it still had a bit of power left . The fact it comes with 3 phones each , with their own cradle and power supply is an extra feature , well worth the money.I also like the record a phone call feature but wish it was longer than 10 min and did not have that annoying beep every 15 seconds.Panasonic -LSB- i -RSB- used -LSB- / i -RSB- to make great cordless phones years ago that would record your phone conversations and allowed you to REMOVE the beep.I was able to do that and record a phone call that came in handy for a lawsuit . I won it partly because I had the taped phone conversation!I wish more phone companies had this feature without the beep . Since the creep who I sued did not know I was recording our conversation , he gave me all the help I needed for my lawsuit against him.Thanks Panasonic for that!For now , this Uniden phone is worth the money for the features and the 3 phones you get . Not bad ; -RRB-
 Bought this telephone to replace one that quit and it was about twice the price . But I find it just as useful and do not have any quality problems with sound or operations . Do n't know how long it will last , but so far it has been good .
 My use for this product is to couple 2 detachable key-rings , replacing smaller contraptions with a strong propensity for failure . This device should last forever , or until the spring breaks . The ability to clip onto a belt-loop is a welcome addition . In the pocket , it is bulky but acceptable . The only problem has involved the thumb-lever ... strong spring and smooth surface . One 's thumb or finger tends to slip off before full unlatching . The lever definitely needs knurling . Overall , it is a good product .
 After a similar item I had broke , instead of replacing it with the same item -LRB- $ 30 from a well-known purse store outlet -RRB- , I thought I 'd give this one a try first . It seems to be as well made as my original key holder , and works great . Not as pretty , because it does n't have a nice leather piece attached to it , but once attached it does n't make any difference anyway . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 star rating is because it seems to swivel more than my old one when I try to clip it on my purse strap 's ring , making it a little trickier to attach one handed . If I had known that , I would have still purchased the item and would still be glad I did .
 This was a great buy . It was inexpensive and arrived on time . It actually came earlier than I thought . It was well worth the money , the product was in excellent condition . Will definitely make more purchases like this one !!
 It does n't have a lot of features , but does what it is supposed to do at a bargain price . I 'm satisfied with it .
 i love these phones ! This product is easy to use and the sound quality is great
 I bought this paper to create pages for a photo album . I am using a Canon i9900 photo printer and am quite experienced with this printer . First off , I was a bit disappointed with the paper at first , which is `` Semi-gloss '' or `` Luster '' . The item photo shows `` glossy plus '' but when I checked after receiving the item in the mail , I also noticed that the above photo said `` 4x6 '' ... However , after using the paper , I am completely converted . The photos and text came out crisp and colorful . The photos look every bit as good as those I 've printed on `` Photo Paper Plus Glossy '' or `` Photo Paper Pro '' . I was a bit worried about flipping the paper over and printing on the second side , but there were no issues with smudging or streaking . Also , drying double-sided paper can be finicky , but with the included drying `` racks '' and clear instructions , all went well . Like all Canon paper that I have used , I am really happy with the results . -LRB- My box had all 10 sheets , by the way ... -RRB-
 I had previously given this product only 4 stars because I got 9 sheets instead of 10 in the package . It must have been a packing mistake for that one box . It has never happened again . --------------------- This paper , which is difficult to find in stores , is excellent for making photo albums of your own . It is especially useful for major vacations or events . Using PowerPoint , Publisher , Word , or whatever program you have , you can crop , size , and position your pictures anywhere on the page you want , and insert headings , explanations , and captions . > Needless to say , you should know what kind of binding you 'll use so you can properly set your margins . > Make sure you 've got your front/back sequence correct , including pages being right side up.I chose to put the finished product in one of those 3-ring binders with clear plastic `` sleeves '' so that unused postcards and ticket stubs could be slipped in to make a customized cover . I also printed in landscape . I think it looks terrific!I only wish it was n't so expensive .
 This phone has a lot of neat features . The talking caller id has relieved me of feeling like I need to run and check the caller id everytime the phone rings . The sound is n't the best , but for us it is n't untolerable .
 I 've owned this phone for just over a week and I love it . The talking caller ID rocks -LRB- talks in a computer voice -RRB- and it plays from both the handset and the base so we can always hear it . The speakerphone option on the handset is nice too when I 'm in the kitchen cooking and ca n't hold on to the phone . The phone is very user friendly and calling in for messages is a breeze too . No need to remember what number to press to play your messages , it guides you through it . I had a great Panasonic phone many years ago and have no idea why I waited so long to go back ! Thanks Panasonic .
 I would recommend this phone to anyone ! All my friends that I 've talked to have thought that the sounds was fantastic -- even when I was using it on the speakerphone and when I used my headset microphone.To those who had trouble with the voice reception , I have a recommendation
 This phone CAN be programmed to say the name of the caller and then show the phone number ... it has the CW feature so if you are on the phone and get a call , the name and number of the caller will show up , thus giving you a chance to either pick it up or call back later . The sleek design makes it ez to hold and the speakerphone is a great feature when your hands are bz -LRB- as in cooking -RRB- .
 I bought this phone a few months ago . It 's fantastic . I havent had any problems with it . All the functions work perfectly and it does things , like allowing you to easily check messages from the extention phone , that go beyond anything you would likely need . Caller id shows up after one or two rings , as is typical . Phone sound is good . Battery finally ran out on extention phone after about a week of not being charged . Really great phone . Highly recommended .
 I have had this phone for several years and have been very satisfied with the quality of workmanship , sound quality , range and ergonomics .
 We bought this phone several months ago and have not had a single problem with it . The extra handset works great and the main phone , even though it is set up where it `` technically '' is n't supposed to be , works fine.We have voice mail so we do not use the answering machine part therefore I can not comment on that . But the rest of it works great . I particularly like the different rings you can choose for each phone . Makes it much less `` intrusive '' when it rings . And with a baby , that is VERY nice .
 I must have got a good one or something after reading some of the reviews . Mine works great , no problems . Of all the cordless phones I have had in the past , this one has more distance in between the base and extension than any of them , much farther than the 5.8 ghz phone I have in the shop . For the money , I do n't think you can beat it . I 've got much more expensive phones that do n't work half as good as this one .
 Have had total of 3 systems . Generally work well . The WORST part is the OEM NICAD battery . It is HORRIBLE . Buy the Energizer NIMH replacement on e-bay . It is MUCH better battery . ADDED August 2010
 I purchased this unit several months ago and found it to be as described . I guess I must have got a good one as I have to turn down the handset volume to mid-level even with the TV on and kids running around the room . Corded unit is clear and speakerphone is convenient . Both range and battery life have been more than satisfactory . One note is that the speakerphone is not as good as the several hundred dollar unit I use at work in the conference room - but I would n't expect that . Price it out on the web for around $ 100.00
 I have this phone and two additional exapandable phones . The corded phone works great in the kitchen . The best part is the kids ca n't misplace the phone so at least one phone is always where it should be ! Saving phone numbers is easy . The speaker phone on the hanndset and master phone is very convenient !
 I have had my phone for more than two years now , and it has served me well . The only thing I find annoying about the phone is trying to remember how to have the base page the cordless . All of the other features are easy to figure out how to use . It is not a simple phone so if you want a phone with plenty of features , this one is for you .
 I purchased this Panasonic product to replace a Sony corded/cordless combination phone when the cordless went south . I had some trepidation about the Panasonic product because I have heard of the high return rate at the local electronic stores . I have used this phone and 4 additional expansion phones for about a month and I must say this is the best sound quality I have heard from a 2.4 GHz system . In fact , the best sound quality from any cordless I 've used ! I really like the speaker phone on the cordless
 We got this phone system so my husband and I could use the intercom feature to talk to each other from opposite sides of the house . Works great for this purpose . However , on the cordless handset , the caller ID does n't show up until after 3 rings , then you have to hurry & answer it before the answering system kicks in . My husband ended up having two different cordless phones on his desk ; one for the intercom and another one so he can see the Caller ID display . What a pain in the neck !! I e-mailed customer support at Panasonic a couple of weeks ago and have heard NOTHING from them.UPDATE
 I recently purchased this item Panasonic Expandable 2.4 GHz Corded/Cordless Digital Answering System Model # KX-TG2770-S ... This phone/answering system is a little pricey but worth it , this system has a lot of nice features , and is easy to use ... The only feature that I would improve on is the sound quality of the answering system , it 's digital and has a sort of scratchy sound quality , that could use some improvement , this probably occurs because of the digital feature being tapeless ... It would have a much better sound quality if it had a tape instead ... The overall sound quality is clear for a cordless phone , the volume feature is nice also , along w / all the other features ... I would recommend this phone for anyone who needs both a cordless/corded phone/answering system with many nice features , and needs a great quality multi-task phone system . The only disadvantage w / using this cordless phone , Is the dreaded ni-cad battery . The battery does not last , it needs to be replaced about once or twice a year depending on use . Panasonic should do something about this less than perfect ni-cad battery :-LRB- like including a long life ni-cad battery ! Other than that this phone system is great ! ; - -RRB-
 The people writing bad reviews for all the Panasonic Cordless phones must have a different colored phone . If you would read the details on each of the extension phones , for some reason the White Phone has a different type battery than the silver , violet , or black . It has an NiMH battery that can be charged without running down . The others have a NiCAD battery of which I ca n't figure out why . It does n't make since to have one you have to run completely down . You should have full time usage of the cordless phone . I never leaave my phone off the charger for a long time . It 's always back in the charger by at least bedtime . I love the phones except for that . I do n't know panasonic was thinking about . They should make all the other ones good by supplying a NiMH battery and a new charger .
 I originally bought this phone for a single feature - it is one of very few phones on the market which has a mute button on the handset . I work from home and frequently have conference calls where I want the freedom to walk around the house and listen to the call - but do not want the other callers to hear . All phones offer the headset jack - but most other phones only offer a hold button where you can no longer hear the call.Once I got the phone home and installed , I discovered some of the many other great features - a fully functional speaker phone built into the handset . It does not just play the sounds loudly out of the ear piece - but rather has an additional speaker on the back of the phone for clear reception without feedback on the front microphone.There is a one-touch voice mail button on the base unit which is programmable to dial whatever number you need - be it an 800 number or just * 98 . Additionally it interprets the caller ID name and actually pronounces it in a rather clear voice . I 'm sure you could turn this off - but it is a nice feature as I no longer have to look at the screen to see who is calling . The screen has multi-lines and is clear . Another nice feature is a battery charge indicator on the handset screen.Only possible down side is that the handset is a little large - with a two inch hard antenna protruding from the top . But this is rather common on the 2.4 GHz phones.It supports a standard called Caller IQ which you can read about at http://www.openlcr.com/ - it 's a nice information service - but there is a nominal monthly fee if you do not let them become your long distance carrier . This feature is completely optional.In general I am very pleased with this phone for the price and functionality .
 After having problems with other phones , this Panasonic is great . It is user friendly , great sound , talking caller id is fantastic , automatic dial to voicemail helpful ... only negative is the size ... very large base . love it , very happy with purchase !
 This Panasonic is a good phone overall . I especially like the easy to program voicemail options . The talking callerID is sometimes hard to understand -LRB- it is a `` female '' computer voice -RRB- , but I am still able to figure out what it is saying . There is a bit of an echo but turning off the voice enhancer cured this problem . The built in phonebook keeps me from always running to my address book . This phone was just what I was looking for - a hands free -LRB- speakerphone -RRB- option for checking my voicemail .
 This is by far the best cordless phone in my house -LRB- out of 5 cordless . -RRB- Audio is clear , handset is comfortable to hold , volume controls work well , speakerphone -LRB- both on base and handset -RRB- work well . I also like the audio Caller ID - even though some of the pronunciations are difficult to make out -LRB- and can be amusing . -RRB- The only tough thing is to get my wife to return the phone to it 's cradle - since it 's in my office !! : -RRB-
 Love this phone - makes it very easy to check your voice mail and once you get use to the computer 's accent in pronouncing words , it is really cool to hear who is calling before you pick up . Really glad I bought it and am considering buying others as gifts for family members .
 I bought this phone and have not had problems with it . I do n't use the voice enhancer and I do n't have any problems with echoes . I have had good luck with Panasonic cordless phones and I will continue to buy their brand .
 This is a wonderful phone . The only problem is that I will have to return it because it does not have a built in answering machine . I did n't read the fine print . It 's identified as `` Phone Company Voice Mail Compatible '' . So , I think that 's the same as having Caller ID . And , it is . You must subscribe to the service . The problem is , it 's not optional . If you want voice mail or answering service , you must subscribe.So , it 's my fault . I did n't read the details as carefully as I should have . I assumed it had built in answering machine capability as well as phone company service compatibility . So , I offer this review just to advise you to be sure of what you are buying . I 'll look for a comparable model with answering machine because I love all the other features . And I had it plugged in long enough to appreciate them .
 Tiger Direct sent my item in the requested time and had it packaged very secure and it was packaged . The phone works like any other phone for business , and I am very happy that I did not have any problems with the carrier or the item .
 I returned the phone unopened , as I did not need it any longer . I have not yet been refunded . EB
 Works great . I use speaker phone and with headset . Large buttons are nice.Excellent value for the price .
 I have been using this phone daily for about 6 weeks . I am very impressed . Very clear speakerphone . Works great with my corded headset too . Easy to set up autodial numbers . Only downside is that there is no caller ID .
 We needed a speaker phone for the office with no voice mail requirements . This does the trick and the price was right . No problems , no complaints . Volume control , mute , and speed dial , all the buttons work as advertised .
 As a work at home agent , I process many inbound calls a day . This basic phone works great . It allows me to plug in my headset and with the touch of one button it allows me to answer and disconnect calls easily . The programmable keys are easy to use and program . It does n't have a whole lot of bells and whistles , but works great for my daily work .
 The price was right and the phone does what it promises to . the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the volume when using a headset with it could stand to be a little louder .
 If you want a simple , inexpensive corded desk phone , this is it . Does what it should , speakerphone works great , no problems .
 I chose this product because it allowed me to use my wireless headset that could be attached to the side of the phone . It stores a lot of numbers & is simple to use .
 I 've been using the phone for 2 weeks and it is working well so far . I 'm concerned about the headset jack being a bit loose . It seams like it might break easy or loose a connection before too long . I made about 40 calls the first day and two people had a hard time hearing me . I 'm thinking it might be the jack . Overall the phone has superior sound quality from a couple of cheaper phones that I have .
 I bought this for my husband in December of 2006 for his office -LRB- he works from home and is always on the phone -RRB- . It 's been a great phone and he has n't had any problems with it at all . I also purchased the Panasonic KX-TCA88HA Lightweight Hearing-Aid compatible cordless phone headsetto go with it . It seems like some brands of phones do n't last very long but this one is a winner .
 I looked at the reviews and searched and finally found an affordable way to hook up my home office . Here is what I did ... I bought an inexpensive but great headset , a headset buddy and this phone and wha-la ! Now I can make and receive calls ! = -RRB-
 I needed a corded phone for my work -LRB- I work as a virtual home agent -RRB- & this is perfect.It has everything I need & very easy to use . Very inexpensive and way better than the ones that cost more .
 Great phone if you want a simple phone with no caller id . Call waiting is accessible through the flash button . Very clear sound and works great with the Panasonic headset that is shown at the bottom of the page
 This telephone is used in my office and it exceeds my expectations . It has all the features I need and more . It 's a great value .
 This phone is perfect for what I needed . Ringer is loud enough to hear in the other room , but not so loud that it scares you when it rings and you are sitting beside it . Speakerphone works great . Microphone is really good , memory dial is easy to use and program , people have no problem hearing me on or off speakerphone , and I have no problem hearing them . I bought this model because it was the cheapest one that had a headset jack , and I 'm glad I chose this one . Works very well .
 We set-up our home office and wanted a simple/standard phone to connect with headset . This phone works just fine . No bells and whistles ... other phones have that . Keys are big , so no mistakes dialing conf . calls . Only item I 'd like to fix is when the headset is on , to hang up -LRB- assuming you picked up the hand-set to dial ... which is probable -RRB- , you must both put the hand-set back -LRB- of course -RRB- and press the speaker phone button , or the line stays open .
 The phone works very well . The signal to noise raion is very good . I was caught by surprise -LRB- maybe I missed it in the descrition -RRB- , but the phone requires 4 AA batteries to run the speaker phone . The phone I replaced had an AC adapter to run that function . Hopefully the batteries will have a long life . I used titnium batteris instead of akaline . That is my only disappointment in this phone . Otherwise is seems to be excellent .
 I bought this to go with a plantronics system to use for a work-at-home business and the two work perfectly together for my plain old telephone system . The Plantronics S12 Corded Telephone Headset System works great with this phone .
 I bought this phone and it is a great phone for the money . Plus it is one of few phones that allow you connect the headset to the base , which is why I bought this . There are several phones out there that allow you to connect a headset to the cordless handset , but they are not great for long conference calls.There are some confusing reviews out there on the use of the speaker phone . Here is the deal :1 . If you connect your headset , the speaker phone and handset do not work . You will need to unplug the headset to use them . If you unplug it during a conversation , it goes into speakerphone mode , the call does not get disconnected2 . If you do not install the battery , you will need to pick-up the handset and hit the speakerphone button to use speakerphone or headset .3 . If you install the 3 AA batteries , you can hit the speakerphone button and use it directly without having to lift the handset.The phone overall is great like any other Panasonic phone . I wish the voice volume is higher - it is adequate , but not great . I get a much higher voice volume when I connect a AT&T ; or Panasonic cordless phones to the same line -LRB- however they are newer models that have AC power ; so I guess they amplify the sound better -RRB- .
 Panasonic seems to have a knack for making stuff that just works and is high quality . This is another fine example.It 's compatible with Plantronics headset lifters , bonus .
 I purchased this phone and the Panasonic KX-TCA60 Hands-Free Headset with Comfort Fit Headband to use together in my home office . I wanted a corded phone so I could be on long -LRB- up to 4 hours -RRB- conference calls with no concerns regarding battery power . This phone was just what I needed
 I telecommute and I bought this phone to use while I am on a conference call . It allows connecting a headset and I can stay on the call for long hours . I have been using this phone for about a mounth now . The voice clarity is superb . I tend to use it over my other -LRB- cordless -RRB- phone when I am at my computer because it feels just right . The only thing I am missing is the caller Id display , but the model that has it does not came in black ...
 I needed a home phone line since I was starting to work from home and I wanted a phone that was inexpensive but not cheap ... THIS IS PERFECT ! I have 0 complaints with this phone but do wish when you placed someone on hold it didnt go `` beep '' . Other than that ... great phone at a GREAT price !
 I 've only had this phone a week , but I 'm very impressed.The sound quality , through the handset , over the speaker or through a headset is phenominal . I ca n't believe how terrible my other phone sounded compared to this one . It is a good , economical work phone.If you use a headset , the recommended one works very well . It has a separate port so you do n't have to disconnect the handset to use it . The parties on the other end of the line ca n't tell you 're on a headset . If you do n't wish to use the headset for a particular call , you have to physically disconnect the headset to use the speaker on the phone or to pick up the handset to answer a call . It does have a handy hook on the underside of the phone to keep your headset cord available , so you do n't have to go fishing for it afterword to hook the headset back up.This phone has a mute button that you press once , and you 're muted until you press it again . It has a pause button if you 're on an old system , has a hold button , memory dialing and will work on either tone or pulse lines . It has the flash and redial keys . It can be connected to your computer as well.It does n't have caller ID or an answering machine , but is an excellent quality affordable office phone for a busy office . It has various programming features which add to the value .
 This product is all it says it is . We 've been very pleased with it 's performance and options . It 's a `` plug and play '' operation . It 's an important instrument to have if the area in which you live is prone to power outages as we are . A direct plug-in phone is all that works when the power goes out . All of our cordless phones are uselss . I even bought a headset plug-in and it sure makes long calls easy on the body . Relax and talk . Highly recommended phone .
 This is a good phone for the home office . Speaker phone and extra headset make those conference calls much easier . A good value .
 Works great with the Plantronics Corded headset I bought for my work I do from home . I was very impressed at the sound quality for this price . No static what so ever .
 This product is outstanding . Great speaker phone and very easy to use . The fact that I can use a headset with it and still enjoy clear communications is great for conducting training classes over the internet . I highly recommend it .
 We needed a speakerphone and found this on the internet , it has a great quality , it is simple enoughtthat everyone could handle it and the qualityis great , we can hear it very well . It is a great telephone , we even thought of buying a second one of this kind .
 Phone has great functionality . I really like the feature of being able to adjust the volume of the phone speaker so that it makes it easier for my listeners to hear me and vice-versa .
 The phone arrived on time and exactly as expected . The only thing I would change is that to start a phone conversation with the headsets on , you need ot pick up the phone . But this is a comment for Panasonic , the vendor was perfect . Thanks .
 I purchased this along with thePanasonic KX-TCA400 dect_6 .0 Lightweight Headsetfor a new work from home position that involves a conference call training environment . You ca n't beat the price for the quality of this item . Imagine my surprise when I received the exact same phone along with a 100.00 plantronics headset for the actual job after training ! In my opinion this works just as good with the aforementioned Panasonic headset . The volume and sound quality is great ! Very pleased with this purchase , and now I have two !
 I bought this for my brother and mother , who is hard of hearing , and my brother says this is a great phone , good sound . He is very pleased w / it .
 The product arrived on schedule and works as designed . I am especially happy that the headset connection works as indicated in the instruction manual .
 After phone shopping and trying several models i found this to be the best out of all the phones i tested , for a home office or small business this phone is top notch !
 I wear a headset with my job and this phone works perfectly . You do n't even have to pick up the receiver , all you do is push a button . Great phone for a great price .
 This is an excellent product ! The numbers are large enough for my special needs son to see . It is an attractive phone with features - but not too many . The only down fall is that you get up to 20 stored numbers - and that is close together and hard for my son to see . Otherwise great tone . Great prouduct . I 'd buy again .
 The Panasonic KX-TS105B is one of the sets listed as compatible with the Plantronics CS55H headset , which is one of the reasons I chose this phone for my home office setup.Plantronics CS55/HL10 Wireless Headset BundleOne element of that compatibility is how well the handset lifter -LRB- Plantronics HL10 -RRB- fits on the phone . On the KX-TS105B , it works perfectly . I have n't yet used the speaker phone , so I ca n't comment on sound quality , but it 's fairly simple to program speed dial buttons and works reliably . One thing I like about it is that it does not require an electrical outlet -- it takes 3 AA batteries .
 Very simple to use phone . Meets all my needs for my home office . The response has been that the speaker picks me up very nicely and people on the other end have no trouble hearing me .
 Just a basic phone . Easy to install and set up speed dial numbers . Nice clear sound . Very satisfactory .
 This phone has large buttons and easily adjustable sound buttons . The speaker phone works well . I particularly like not having to pick up the handset and speak with my hands free . You can also use a headset if you want privacy .
 have to agree with the other reviews now that I 've used this phone for a few months . For how much you pay , this is a great simple well-designed phone .
 This is a phone that I use for my work at home job because it is one of the few phones that has a 2.5 jack for a headset . I would like for it to have caller ID . Other than that , it is a great phone .
 I have been using this since mid December . I bought it because I work from home and needed a corded phone that I could use with a corded headset . I do n't need any bells or whistles so this phone fits the bill . The button to turn the headset on and off will only work properly if you insert the battery ... . this is not a complaint ... . just information ! It is very easy for me to answer calls and hang up . I love the big buttons which makes dialling very easy . There is a mute , hold , and redial button . Volume is also easily controlled by the up and down buttons .
 Read the reviews , and bought the phone ... was looking for a no-nonsense , simple , no frills office phone for my home office ... and this fits the bill . At this price point , it 's a no-brainer .
 The phone works just fine ... I havent bothered to try any of the memory buttons or anything like that ... I just have it at my desk to make a few calls via VoIP.My only pet-peeve is that , to get the speakerphone to work , you need to lift the handset to get dial-tone , then press ` speakerphone ' button ... my old phone -LRB- att cl2939 -RRB- allowed you to just press the speakerphone button and start dialing .
 Great phone ! Perfect for my business needs ! Works great with a headset ! I would recommend this phone ! Great product ! Great price !
 The phone its self is a pretty good phone . I have had some problems with the headset jack . The jack is making my headphones distort really bad . I do n't know if its my headset or the phone . The phone does take batteries for the speaker phone and headset . If you do n't have the batteries in the speaker phone and headset wo n't work . All the other features on the phone is good . You can hear perfectly clear on the phone when you are making phone calls . The speaker phone is awesome . You can be 4 ft. away and the person on the other end can hear you perfectly clear . Once I get the distortion problem figured out and if its not the phone . Then it would be the perfect phone .
 Purchased this phone because needed a single line phone with a headset jack for a work at home csp position . The phone came quickly and performs just as needed .
 Phone works great and looks great to boot ... i work from home and needed something that is n't cordless that worked with my headset ... this is the one . . Phone is easy to use and buttons are good size for people who need larger ones !!
 Panasonic KX-TS105B Integrated Business Corded Phone - BlackNeeded a corded phone because when we have a power failure and the electricity is shut off - all my wireless products , except my wireless phone wo n't work . This is going to be invaluable since I already experienced a power outage and my cellphone was not charged and I could ' t reach anyone . This phone has nice clarity - will work as a speaker phone so I can be hands free and the buttons are easy to read . I put it in my officeas a back up and have found I use it more than I thought I would . AND the price is really good as I have shopped other venues and they could n't come close to the price I paid . I am happy with this product and definitely recommend it .
 great phone for what I needed for , work well and very clear conversation , easy to set up number.Neede a good phone to call overseas
 Works great . Corded - so no problem if the power goes out . Has nice 2.5 mm input for headset if you want to work hands-free yet not use speakerphone . -LRB- A nice companion is the $ 10 Panasonic KX-TCA60 Hands-Free Headset with Comfort Fit Headband . -RRB- These features work better if you install the batteries.Delivery was quick and well-packaged .
 Good quality , fast shipping . Reminder this product does not have caller ID . I have not experienced the call drop problems of the other rater -LRB- s -RRB- .
 This phone has very good sound quality , useful features , and a great price . I particularly appreciate being able to use the speaker phone for on-hook dialing , leaving my hands free while waiting for those long , tedious , recorded messages to finish . The mute and hold buttons are also useful . It is perfect for my home office.Panasonic Integrated Business Phone -LRB- KX-TS105B -RRB-
 I purchased this phone 9 months ago for my home job - I loved it because it was small , and looked nice in my work area . The buttons are big , which is a great thing . My job required that I use a headset , I purchased a Plantronics headset , and it works great with it . I love the Speaker phone option with the headset - you just plug in your headset , press the speaker phone button -LRB- the big pink one -RRB- and you 're connected to it ! There were no set ups either . The cord is very short though , so if you do n't use a headset with it , you might want to get another telephone cord . Other than that , it works great !
 I bought this phone to use in my home office and it works great . I am pleased with the features and with the price .
 This phone works perfect for my job as a ` telecommuting ' customer service/sales agent ! There is an accessory port on the side to plug in my headset and I just press the speaker button to answer my calls . The sound quality is good . This was a big money saver as the professional head-set type phones are 3 times this price !
 I have just started a small business and needed a phone which I could use a headset in on occasion . I priced and checked out quite a few phones which offered the same options for more money or options I did not need . The Panasonic Integrated Business Phone -LRB- KX-TS105B -RRB- was perfect , it came in the color I wanted and thanks to amazon I was able to save money even on the shipping compared to other sites . So far the phone is working fine even though the sound quality when using the head set could be better , some calls come in crackly when the speaker volume is turned up high but other than that a great phone .
 I like this phone because it has a plug in for a headphone which I also purchased from Amazon and I can use it without holding the receiver . The only flaw that it has is that it does not have a caller ID display .
 This is a really excellent phone if you do not need caller ID . Sound quality is clear both on handset and speakerphone . Volume is adjustable on both -LRB- I am a little hard of hearing -RRB- . I used the data port to plug in another extension telephone . The phone has a good number of buttons for one touch dialing -- and with the `` pause '' button I can use a second button to cover multiple prompts such as `` for checking accounts press one -LRB- pause -RRB- enter your account number -LRB- pause -RRB- enter your password . '' The headset jack was a feature I really wanted . Only drawback is if you leave the headset plugged into the side of the phone the handset and speaker remain disconnected for subsequent calls until it is unplugged . All in all I am very pleased with this telephone . It is not `` flimsy '' in construction and hopefully will last for many years . Amazon.com 's price was very reasonable compared with similar Panasonic phones that have more features such as caller ID -- and the shipping was free with no sales tax.July 2011
 This phone has worked well over the last month since I purchased it . The memory dialer is easy to use and program . The speakerphone is clear and easy to understand . I was looking for a phone to replace an older AT&T ; brand phone with similar features , and this was the closest I could find . It is getting harder and harder to find nice corded phones with so many folks switching to cell phones only.The only negatives are that the phone requires batteries for the functions and it would be nice if caller ID was included .
 After 3 months of use , I am still very pleased with this Panasonic phone . The sound quality on the speaker phone and handset is good/normal , but I am also pleased with the great sound quality when using a head set -LRB- which was my primary purpose -RRB- . I used an older `` no name '' mono-ear telephony headset I had lying around and it works fine.It is important to note that this phone uses batteries to power the speakerphone and headset volume , and not AC from a wall socket . Consequently , if you do not install the batteries , you will get poor/nil speakerphone and headset performance . Nearly all of the few lower rated reviews appear to be caused by either not reading the instructions fully or improper use.I have had great performance since day one and expect my battery life to be equally good . -LRB- personally I use rechargeable batteries in all my products anyway , so this is not a concern -RRB- . After only 90 days use , I am still on the original set of batteries . Heavy speakerphone use would probably drain the batteries faster , but that is expected . Incidentally , I like knowing that my phone is not dependent on the power grid and will work even when the power goes out . This phone will do that , even without batteries -LRB- but not via speakerphone -RRB- . The number memory function works well , with room for 24 saved numbers and the mute button and volume controls are very useful and work as designed . I also enjoy the large size of the number buttons/lettering . I have recently moved it from my desk top to a wall mount and am even more pleased with the phone -LRB- wall mount adapter is included -RRB- . Overall great product that I would buy again and highly recommend to anyone - especially if they are looking for a headset phone . ** UPDATE Feb 2011 - After 14 months , I am still happy with this phone - so much so that I bought another one for a different room for my wife . Big buttons , great headphone , handset and speaker phone clarity . I use the speaker phone a couple of times a week and still have not needed to replace the batteries . Overall Excellent phone . On one phone I use the Panasonic KX-TCA60 Hands-Free Headset and on the other I use the Plantronics M214C Headset , both work wonderfully with this phone and are inexpensive as well as comfortable . Since I am not running a call center from my home , I do not expect these phones/headsets to be used continuously 12 hours a day . For home and home office use they are perfect .
 I purchased this phone primarily because I needed a corded telephone to hook up my Plantronics cordless headset to . It works fine for this purpose . No problems to note .
 Phone works well . It is good as it needs no power cable . Only thing I would prefer is if you could press `` speaker '' and then dial rather than having to actually pick up the phone to dial .
 My cordless phones kept running out of their charge when I telecommuted from home . Sometimes I am on conference calls 10 hours a day , and while my cordless speaker phones work great , they only hold a charge for about four hours each.I got this phone and the headset that was recommended and they both work great . I am usually glued to my laptop giving presentations during conference calls , so I am not worried about walking around a lot.This is the most inexpensive way I know to be hands free . Give the phone and the $ 9 headset a try .
 The phone is one of very few phones currently available for use by older people who need a SIMPLE type with easy to reach pre-set dial-ups . The major problem with this one is that in order to dial up a pre-set number , one must first push a small `` volume '' button . Old people who may need urgent help will likely not remember to push that button first .
 I bought this phone because I needed a corded phone to use with a headset . This fits the bill , was fairly inexpensive , is small enough to be unobtrusive , and has a ` flash ' feature . A good buy for what I needed !
 This is a great phone with all the BASIC features . Have n't used the speakerphone , you must put batteries in it for it to work . The handset sound is clear . Works great , no problem .
 This phone was purchased for an older couple and it works excellently for them . They can hear and the numbers are large enough for them to see . It is also good because numbers can be put in for them to be able to just push a button . Worked well .
 I was naive thinking that all modern phones have voice mail . My mistake . This one is a very basic phone with a speaker-phone option . It is quite good - no complaints . I wish was looking for voice mail in description though before I bought one .
 I now own two of these for use in our Den/Office . We chose corded so the handsets do n't `` wander off '' . Phone has a very good speaker phone - people several feet away can be heard both those on the other end of the line.For the 1st time I have a phone with a Mute button - making conference calls much more bearable ... Has ability for 10 -LRB- maybe 20 -RRB- preprogrammed buttons but have not used as yet.Ours are black but comes in white as well though Amazon did n't have it .
 Phone is exactly as advertised -LRB- can you ask more -RRB- I am hard of hearing in the upper tones and wear top line Aids . I went through 12 different hard wire speaker phones to find this the only one that does not `` mush '' up or overload my hearing in the speaker phone mode .
 I replaced a phone that had a terrible hum/buzz because the phone 's location is between two monitors -LRB- and speakers -RRB- , compounded by the fact that it 's hooked up to a cordless plantronics cs50/hl10 headset . This Panasonic sits in the same spot ... no hum/buz or feedback ... nice ; -RRB-
 I found this phone to be everything I wanted and the speed of which it was shippedA-OK
 Excellent phone for desk or wall . I have a GN Netcom 9120 Wireless Headset attached to mine and it works great . The volume control on the phone allows for even more flexibility . I also have a GN Netcom remote handset lifter attached and it 's almost like that lifter device was made for this phone . Perfect fit , same finish . Very neat looking .
 Wonderful phone . An inexpensive item with easy to use functions . It has a speakerphone and automatic one-button dialing for programed names .
 The ringer is loud , there is no digital display or caller i.d. but it works and that 's what I needed .
 This is a nice phone and I had to buy them for the headphone set I ordered earlier . THe speaker phone is very nice feature and I have had no problems with the phone so far .
 This receiver replaced an equivalent Panasonic that was almost 20 years old . It was every bit as good as it 's elder with one exception.THE OLD ONE HAD AN LCD THAT READ THE TIME OF DAY WHEN IDLE , THE PHONE NUMBER DIALED WHEN IN USE AND THE NUMBER OF MINUTES THE CALL HAD BEEN ACTIVE.TRY AS I DID , I COULD NOT FIND THE SAME FEATURES WITHIN ANY BRAND.You would think that in this space age of telephones that Panasonic would have added the incoming telephone number as well . Instead they subtracted features.One the other hand , what is has is excellentG Abelson
 This is a great phone -- has necessary features that work well . Speakerphone is loud and clear for both you and the audience . Has headset plug for when you need privacy but do n't want to hold the handset . Auto/stored numbers also works great . Only challenge is that it does require batteries , which appears to be needed for speaker as well as for headset needs . You ca n't go wrong with this phone , expecially for the price .
 My former phone was this brand , and a lot like this phone . -LRB- my old panasonic phone still works great , but went to the garage desk -RRB- I use it for home and home business . The features are why I bought the new phone . The buttons are easy to reach across the desk and input . The features are in a more convenient place on the phone ; it does n't have to be directly in front of you . -LRB- speaker , volume , etc -RRB- The phone numbers stored , have an easy access button to press , to call .
 Came in time my wife uses it for work and for the price of the phone you cant beat it , only thing i would change would be a/c Adapter with it .
 I was looking for a phone for my work at home business that has an easily accessible Headphone Jack on the side so that I could just plug in my headset , and not need the expensive equipment.This was the ONLY phone I could fine , and it is great ! Came in a timely manner , and was brand new in the box . Great quality as well !
 Great product , prompt delivery , will order from again . The sound is clear and concise . Perfect phone for those who do call center work from home .
 THis is a good phone . Haven ; t used it long but the volume is loud and speaker phone works wellso I am glad I bought it and would recommend
 For a work phone it does what its suppose to do . . Nice big buttons , good volume . The greatest thing it has a headst jack !
 IT IS EVERYTHING I 'D HOPED FOR ! IT IS JUST WHAT I NEEDED TO ASSIST ME IN PERFORMING THE REQUIRED DUTIES OF MY HOME BUSINESS .
 I ordered this phone for use when I work from home and have conference calls to participate in . The speakerphone works great with 3 AA batteries . You can also use a headset , but I have n't tried that yet . I love that it has a mute button and large keys . You can turn the ringer off , low or high . There is a Data input , although I 'm not sure how that would be used .
 The Panasonic corded desk phone is great for an office setting . The number buttons are large , the sound is very clear and I especially like the speaker as I can do other things while I 'm on hold with business calls.The option to insert frequently used phone numbers also saves time . I 'm very happy with this phone .
 The product arrived intact - on time - with Amazon super saver , which is the reason I purchase from Amazon . Very easy set up - The speaker needs work , the party at the other end could hardly hear me , but that was not an issue for me , since I have another cordless speaker phone which serves the purpose.I needed a corded phone to function during power outage and this was the perfect phone.Good value for the money .
 i purchased 2 of the Panasonic business telephones . So far they are working perfectly i have had no problem . I was skeptical because the price was really low compared to the other phones that i looked at . I have a beauty salon so we take a lot of calls . No complaints , and it got here super fast with the free 2 day shipping
 I am so glad I found this phone . Amazon offered the head set to go with it and it works great together ! This was perfect for my home office . The clarity is great - very good deal for the price . When you buy this be sure to get the head set as well . Panasonic KX-TCA60 Hands-Free Headset with Comfort Fit Headband
 this items has been perfect for my work from home job ... it has excellent sound quality . . i would recommend this to everyone .
 I have used the phone for about one month and find it just what I wanted . One of the reasons I chose this model was that the ringer could be turned off . As I was looking to reduce costs , I did n't need all the bells and whistles of more expensive models . Should you be looking for a basic phone with good sound quality , good speaker phone voice quality and basic over-all good craftmanship this is for you.I found that programing the speed dial was confusing but I never attested to being an engineer . And after two or three attempts I understood the directions and now have speed dial functionality . I recommend this product . R G
 I wanted a wired desk phone with a detatched handset , speakerphone , and plenty of number memory.This unit fulfills all three requirements at quite a reasonable price.Sound quality is very satisfactory . After all , this is a phone , not a stereo system.I 'm very pleased and would recommend it .
 This is a good , basic phone which I 've used over 3 years with no problems . I do n't need to use most features , but I can say the speakerphone and headset work well . My only complaint is the cord on the handset is too short -LRB- and I do n't care enough to replace it -RRB- . Also I wish it had caller-ID -LRB- I attached a third-party device to it -RRB- .
 This product is great . I was looking for a corded phone with a headphone jack because I work customer service from home . And everywhere I looked the prices were way too high . This product works perfectly and the price is excellent , the cheapest I have found ! The only drawback is that it requires batteries for the speakerphone/headphones to work , but the price made that a small issue . I highly recommend this product .
 This is an excellent `` basic '' phone . No frills , but good quality and solid . The main reason I bought this phone is that I wanted one that works well with the plantronics CS55 wireless headset with the handset lifter . This phone works VERY well with both the CS55 headset , and the handset lifter .
 I havent used my phone everyday as I plan to . But the few times I havent had any trouble . I purchased a suggested headset at the same time . Both work well together so far . Everything sounds good . Good buy for the price I was willing to spend . Great deal .
 I like the feel of this phone and the sound quality is fine . I would have loved to have Caller ID . That is the only thing lacking . I recommend this phone if you do n't need Caller ID .
 I needed a phone for my home business that had a headset jack and was also a corded phone . I could not find a phone like this in any store but a colleague of mine suggested that I check out Amazon.com and the Panasonic Integrated Business Phones . I am so glad that I did because this phone has fit perfectly in to my home business . The durability is great . I know this because I 've dropped it a couple of times . There is a wall mount , but I just have n't hooked that up yet and the sound quality is excellent !
 I needed a simple phone for conference that does n't need batteries.This phone was a great buy and it works great.The only thing it lacks is a screen to show the number dialed and the caller id.I bought a Panasonic KX-TCA60 head set with it too , both works great together .
 I use this phone for my small business . I have bought three of these in a three year period . I do use it alot and the only problem I have is after about 9-12 months two of the these phones speaker buttons started acting up and wo n't click on . I will keep using this phone because it is perfect for my needs . It is inexpensive , nice looking and the sound quality is excellent . I also have the headset listed on Amazon that goes with this phone another bargain . I had no expierence with phones when I bought this phone . Amazon keep selling this item .
 I am partial to Panasonic products based on many years of customer satisfaction . This telephone did not disappoint .
 This phone was purchased for home use . It arrived on time and does exactly what I wanted it to do . A very good home office phone .
 This is a nice headset phone . Not easy to find a corded phone with headset jack these days ... this phone is easy to use , good reception , good quality , nice large buttons . Great phone !
 I purchased this speaker phone for my 85-year-old father who wears two hearing aids . With his old speaker phone he had trouble hearing the person to whom he was speaking . This is not a problem with the Panasonic phone . We can even have another person on the line without having any static or interference . This phone was the perfect solution for giving him the ability to use the phone . He actually likes to get on the phone and talk to family and friends .
 I have a hearing disorder but with this phone and the optional head set that I ordered with it , this phone was a great buy !
 this phone works beautifully , especially with a Panasonic headset ; I sound loud & clear ; the buttons work smoothly , it 's really easy to use , & it has more functions than I 'll ever need ; I 've never even tried its speakerphone option ; you do n't need batteries to use the headset option
 Sometimes you need a good quality desk cord phone for important calls and this one fits the bill . This phone has a nice solid feel and good quality sound which is just what I was looking for . The black finish is a nice professional look rather than the traditional white . Built-in caller ID would have been a nice extra , but its still a worthy purchase .
 Needed a basic single land line phone with a solid , professional looking quality and decent buttons . this fit the bill nicely . My ATT phone crapped out after a few years of use , so hopefully this one will hold up . So far so good .
 It is not easy to find a corded phone that has a headset jack . If you are looking for one this is the perfect choice . Good price and live up to Panasonic quality .
 I bought this phone off ebay a few years ago for my home based business . I think I paid around $ 20-25 for it then.I wanted a corded phone for quality reception , good speaker phone and security that cordless phones do n't provide.I figure at least my end is more secure from eavesdroppers.It 's suggested that it 's good to have a corded phone in the event of power outages . This is a moot issue if you are using it via a magic jack with your internet connection - so if the cable goes down with the power , no more phone.A quirk -LRB- maybe it 's because I 'm using it as a MJ phone -RRB- is i ca n't press the speaker button when making a call - i have to lift the handset and THEN press the speaker button before hanging the handset up . I had another phone where you could just press the speakerphone button to make or answer calls.PROS : although lightweight , seems to be built wellnice BIG keypad buttonsGood speaker volumeadjustable volume buttonsHandset has a nice tactile feelSlick designadjustable ringerwall mountableCONS : ca n't knock someone out with it like you can with old rotary phones : - PPhone is almost too light - if it 's on the floor - easy to knock handset off with footca n't access speakerphone function without first lifting handsetI do n't use the memory speed dial buttons so I ca n't comment - nice feature I 'd probably use if I used the phone more.There 's a battery backup compartment underneath in case of power loss so you do n't lose the saved numbers.All in all a great , inexpensive corded phone that is n't a piece of junk .
 This is an excellent basic speaker phone . I was looking for a speaker phone powered by the phone line which would , therefore , work during a power outage . I also wanted a jack for a headset . This phone is easy to use and the quality of the sound is good . There is no AC power required . I have not bothered to install the battery backup ; for basic operation , including the headset and speaker phone , you do n't need it .
 Phone is well made and works great . Could have used a bit more volumn on speaker , but ok . When I order I though it had caller ID . It does n't , but the description did n't say it did . My oops ! I can live without that though . Otherwise the phone performs quite well and I would recommend .
 I am being asked to review a phone that came in on time . -LRB- Yay ! -RRB- The phone is everything the seller said it was . I would have liked for the sp-phone button -LRB- that you could use for a headset -RRB- that you could just press the button and you could be on . BUT if you use this with a headset like me , then you have to pick up the handset hit speaker phone . When the phone rings you still have to pick up the handset when wearing a headset . OH well , It is a great phone none the less .
 This phone is great . It is clear in sound and love the fact that I can connect a headphone to it for work . Love the speaker and mute features . The price is great for the features .
 I was very pleased to know that all of the reviews that I read that gave this phone a good rating were absolutely true ! I like the way the phone feels , looks and interacts with my telephone headset . I have not had any trouble with noise and I use it in a room with mulitiple electronic devices that do not seem to interfere with its operation . I would highly recommend it for anyone that works from home !
 This phone with the recommended -LRB- Panasonic -RRB- headset works just as well as the pricey Plantronics headset that still requires you to buy a phone with it anyway . I am using the panasonic phone/headset combo as my back up set -LRB- home business -RRB- , but wish I 'd known that this was a viable option first .
 Great business phone . Has ample amplification and works great with the headset they recommend . I use it for LiveOps and it has paid for itself already .
 I like that the phone is wall hangable and desktop mountable . I do n't like the fact that it does not have a digital display . If it had a digital display this would have been a 5 star phone . My mistake , I thought all phones had a digital display . Otherwise , it rings and you can talk on it
 All I can say about this phone is that it 's great for the money . I work from home and must have a corded phone with a headphone jack . This phone works perfectly . One of the things I like about it is that when the headset is plugged in it is n't necessary to lift the receiver to answer the call . Just press the button in the lower right hand corner and you 're connected -LRB- PLEASE NOTE that you must have batteries in the phone for it to work this way . You do n't have to have batteries . You can pick up the receiver , press the button in the lower right hand corner , and then replace the receiver in the cradle -RRB- . A great phone !
 I was looking for a phone that allowed me to use a headset for work . This phone is perfect . You can pick up the handset and the headset picks up automatically so you can hang the handset back up and still be on the headset . It is nice to not have to have the handset off the hook the whole time you are on the phone . Also the buttons are large and all the features of the phone are nice .
 item was brand new and shipped immediately . I will be a return customer to this distributor . I highly recommend them .
 All the pieces and the directions were in the box and the phone works exaclty as it is supposed to .
 This is a very solid phone . The speaker phone is superior to any I 've seen in a home phone . Also , easy to plug in headset .
 No bones about it . It 's a phone and it works as intented . It 's also sleek . I use it as my business line and the speakphone is great .
 as advertised and does everything it says it will . Speakerphone does a nice job.UPDATE - LOWER TO 2 STARS.After a couple months operation the speakerphone portion of the unit becomes worthless .
 Speaker phone works great , and I can use it with either my wireless headset or with a corded headset . The only thing I 'd like to see is Caller ID . Otherwise , fantastic . Great buy .
 I bought this phone to have as a back-up to my cordless phone that sometimes just wo n't work after many hours on conference calls . I 've used it a few times and it works just fine ... do wish the cord it comes with between wall and phone was longer so I did n't have to go buy one .
 My only concern with this telephone is that there is a mild , background hum when I 'm using it . This may be on my telephone line and not the phone itself , as I 've had some noise-on-the-line problems in the past . Otherwise , for the money , it serves the purpose for which I purchased it . I work at home and can not hold a receiver between my ear and shoulder as some do . I had a hard time finding a phone that had a headset jack and this one fit that need . The hum is mild and I 've never had anyone I 'm talking with complain about it . However , they have said they could not hear me well , but that is rare .
 Except for two features I would have liked , the telephone is great especially for the price . Voice quality and speaker phone are excellent .
 Phone performs well and has a very easy set-up . The buttons have a stiff feel , but that would not stop me from enjoying or purchasing . Works very well with a headset and has very very clear talk quality . Programs well -- only caveat is I wish it had caller id .
 We were looking for a wired phone and were having a difficult time finding one . This phone fit the bill perfectly . It has the features that are important to us , looks really nice on the wall , has great sound and was affordable .
 I purchased this phone about a year ago , and still love it . I use it for my office only , and it exceeds my expectations . Glad I made the purchase !
 This is very nice phone for the price . Two things could be improved
 I bought this phone to go along with my headset for my at home business and it has worked out great . Much lower price than others that do the same thing . Speakerphone works great and the volume control is useful . I would definitely recommend it !
 I needed a corded phone for my work at home job that would accept a corded headset . The Panasonic is a simple sturdy phone with all the features I needed with a price that was n't astronomical . It works well and is dependably functional .
 I bought this to use with a Plantronics amp/headset combo . I have a hearing loss and was looking for some extra volume in a hopefully hand-free rig . This phone is GREAT !!! It has a lot of volume all by itself , including an excellent speaker phone . I ended up returning the Plantronics stuff , but a Hello Direct rig worked great .
 What a nice low price for a phone I needed to plug in for a speakerphone . I use it for computer webinars and my ancient one 's speaker was becoming real static-y . Good construction , not heavy , has a data port , too which I do n't need . I put in the battery 's , plugged it in and voila . Used it and it worked great . The volume slide bar is wonderful and it will get a nice loud volume . Get it .
 Nice , solid construction . Works well . Also paired with the Panasonic KX-TCA60 Hands-Free Headset with Comfort Fit Headband . Great combination .
 I looked for this telephone to replace one without speed dialing for an elderly friend . He does n't make a lot of calls , but the calls he makes are so much easier for him with the speed dial feature . As an added bonus , the ability to adjust the volume on this phone has also proved beneficial as he is hard of hearing . It was inexpensive and well worth the benefits to him .
 I use this phone to check my bank balance.One of the presets is the bank phone number.After the bank machine answers and goes through it 's greeting , I press another preset which is my menu choice , pause , account number , etc.My old phone had more digits in the presets , so I could get to my balance with one preset press . This phone has only 22 digits per preset.It works with myPlantronics S11 Headset Systemso my bank call is hands-free and private .
 I needed something for `` work from home '' that would allow me to use a direct connect headset . I wanted simple and this is it - Plug the headset into the side and push a button . No need for batteries , just an old fashioned phone jack to power it.No need to take the phone off the cradle , just hit the headset button to pickup or hangup . Mute button works great .
 Positives
 I was looking for a phone that was comfortable and functional for tele-commuting/home office . In the office I 'm used to Polycom speaker phones and more expensive wireless headsets . I 'm not spending that kind of money for the home office . This unit fits the bill . The speakerphone quality -LRB- both incoming and outgoing -RRB- is good . The headset jack works great - I paired it with the Panny KX-TCA60 . Great match . I get no complaints about voice volume . I 've had problems with other phones and headsets but this seems to finally be the right combination .
 I got this for my husband as he has conference call at home very frequently and need to have something like this . It 's inexpensive and serve all his needs .
 This tehephone is great ! It is just what I needed for my home business . I have pruchased many phones in my lifetime but this one has topped them all , including other leading name brands . I plan to purchase another for personal use real soon . Best product and well worth the price .
 I just got my phone this afternoon . I have plugged it up , and it works great . I ca n't wait to get the headset tomorrow to see how that works with it . I bought it for a home office and it has the jack I need for a headset , which seems pretty hard to come by these days for this price .
 The Panasonic KX-TS105B corded business phone does all that it advertises . Works great as a speaker phone or with the Panasonic KX-TCA60 head set . Has a good sound , adjustable volume control , mute and solid button feel . Looks professional and meets my needs for a home office . Similar phones at Big Box stores were the same price but had fewer features . Love the fact it has a phone jack so you can easily disconnect to use the corded phone . Would recommend to anyone . Amazon delivered in just a few days . Very satisfied .
 This phone has everything you need for a basic work phone . I use it in my work-from-home business where I take calls constantly and I 've not had any issues . The headset jack allows me to work hands-free . Works great with thePanasonic KX-TCA60 Hands-Free Headset with Comfort Fit Headband . You can also turn the ringer off when not in use to avoid unwanted interruptions .
 This phone has a lot of good features and has excellent voice quality . It is also a very reasonably priced wired phone . I feel I need to keep a wired phone as an alternate to our cell phones .
 This phone is serving the purpose that I purchased it for so far . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because none of the headsets that I have fit the headset jack . The current headset jacks are too large . If there is an affordable headset available that fits this I will order it , also . So far so good . I have been using it without the headset and it is working fine . The speakerphone works ok but for my needs , a headset will serve my needs better .
 I purchased this phone because my cordless phone dropped calls in the middle of the conversation . I have not had this problem with this phone . I do miss the caller ID function .
 Good phone , sound is good , so many options available to use it , if you need a phone with a headset jack , it is great and many other features .
 I bought this phone for our home office and have it connected to our Ooma Telo . Here 's what I like about it :1 -RRB- Great phone for thirty bucks2 -RRB- Do n't have to plug it in to a power outlet -LRB- but does take 3 AA batteries -RRB- 3 -RRB- Big buttons4 -RRB- Nice speakerphone5 -RRB- Plenty of one-touch dialing buttons6 -RRB- Can connect to a headset - I also bought KX-TCA60 headset , and it works perfectly - nice for dictations .7 -RRB- Works great with the Ooma .8 -RRB- Comes with a plate if you want to mount it to the wallThere 's really nothing I do n't like about the phone . I think most people will be pleased with it .
 I have a home office and do contract work for other companies . I needed a corded phone -LRB- for security reasons -RRB- with no bells and whistles like caller ID . The phone had to have a headset jack for hands free talking . There are very few corded phones on the market that are really this inexpensive that had the features I needed . Most everything has went to cordless . The buttons are a nice size . The mute is invaluable to my work along with the volume . I also love when I am working late that i can turn the ringer off as to not disturb anyone in my home and the phone flashses a red light when a call is coming in . Do n't hesitate to buy this phone if you are thinking about it . You ca n't beat the free super saver shipping either .
 Hard to find a quality phone these days . This Panasonic does all the basics required for a home office , including a decent speakerphone . Note that the speakerphone uses AA batteries , not an AC adaptor . Phone does NOT need batteries to work as basic phone . Recommended , but only appears to be sold online .
 I needed a simple solution for my office . I wanted to be able to use the phone , but not get tied down by the handset , or the headset . Here was my solution , Since the TS105B has the 2.5 mm port for a headset , I purchased a Jabra A210 Bluetooth adapter along with this phone and used one of my spare bluetooth headset to stay on conference calls and yet be able to move around my office . So far ... WOW !!! its worked out great . The phone is also good by itself , plus it was inexpensive through AMAZON . For anyone interested in going the route I took ... you will not be disappointed.Oh yes ... you are limited to about 25 ft , or in my case as I work in a hospital where there are alot of other signals and lead lined walls ... 15ft with max length at about 20 before you begin to hear static.The phone was a great buy , as was the Jabra A210 adapter .
 I have had this phone now for 2 months and I am very satisfied with it . I read several reviews but I could not get a clear answer to the main question I had about this phone . I thought I would bite the bullet purchase it and then post it here for others who may be looking for an explicit answer . - The speaker phone works with NO batteries - If you do n't put in the batteries , you ca n't press the speaker phone to get a dial tone . You must lift receiver and then press the speaker phone and dial . - If you put in the batteries then the speaker phone button can be pressed to get the dial tone.Sound quality is A + both ways . I do n't think I will need a headset for this phone.There is no answering machine - and that is a plus . I do n't need one.There is no problem with the headset and the speaker phone is really nice . It works without batteries just fine for my needs . I have not used the memory feature yet - do n't know if I will.It also has a data port to connect to the PC or laptop so faxes can be sent .
 I 've been searching for a corded phone for a while and came across this one . The speaker phone is definitely a bonus , however , it wo n't really work properly unless you put the batteries in it . Without the batteries , you ca n't dial and press the speaker phone right afterward . You have to wait until the person you 're calling answers the phone . So do n't forget to put the batteries in if you want the speaker phone to work properly . Overall , the phone is clear and crisp . The size of the dial buttons is a good size . Definitely a good corded phone to have .
 This is a great basic business phone . It looks great on any desk and has lots of speed dial buttons that are easy to program . The speakerphone quality is great . The handset is reasonably comfortable . The ringer is n't too annoying . There is even a 2.5 mm headset jack if you 'd like to plug one in . Volume controls let you control speaker , handset , or headset volume . Hold button works as it should.It takes 3 AA batteries , but I do not find this to be too much of a drawback ; they will likely last a long time . My biggest complaint is that the light-up off-hook indicator is wasted doing only that ; they should have made it a message-waiting indicator for systems that indicate new voicemail messages with a stutter dialtone . I have seen other Panasonic products that do this.I am using this product on a VoIP line and it performs flawlessly . The number of oddities present in this setup further underscore how well this product is designed . It is perfect for any business or high-demand home application . It does exactly what it says and provides a great value for the money . Too many products miss this mark these days , so it is great to see something that still gets it right .
 Features properly described . Very business functional phone . Speakphone , headset jack and mute features are all business use essentials .
 The product is just what I was looking for and works splendidly . It arrived in a very timely manner and in perfect condition . Thanks , Andie ps . I am so happy it was not made in China , as I had purchased -LRB- elsewhere -RRB- 2 other phones , made in China , trash and returned . If I can help it , I will not buy anything made in China again .
 I had to order this phone for my home business and it works fantastic and have had it for over a year now . I refer all my people to get this phone from here . very quick delivery and great price .
 This phone is for work . I use it with the head set . Easy to use with headset and easy to set up and program . The speaker is clear and can be used to .
 Good product ! I like how it is made ! I also like the price and how fast I received it ! Nice
 If you have a headset connected , then the only thing you can use to talk is ... the headset . When a headset is connected , I would love to have the option to also use the handset . How ? ... if I pick up the handset , then I should be able to use it and have the headset bypassed . This way , if I am working and the phone rings , I would quickly pick up the handset -LRB- the headset takes forever
 Everything works on this phone its a great phone to use if you work at home needing a headset attached to it . It does require a battery to use certain features . Overall , very good purchase , great desk phone . It does n't have caller ID though is the only flaw I see but it did n't hamper me to bad due to I already have other phones in the house w / that .
 Works and sounds great . I bought this for my client , and it works good . It 's not the best phone , but for the price it 's the best value .
 This is the second time I purchased this business phone for my home based business . I have my phone to a friend who moved Sooo lol I bought it again ... great service and fast delivery its was an awesome experience
 This phone is okay , not at good as the reviews said but okay anyway . I use it with another headset - Plantronics headset but I wonder if it would be better with a headset that goes into the phone .
 I had to buy this phone for work as I am working from home . It 's a nice size . I actually do n't use it per day . I have a head set hooked up and all I have to do is pick up the hand set . Nice phone , big buttons .
 I bought this SPECIFICALLY to use with a Plantronics wireless headset . Bought the lifter , attached it to this phone , and set everything up.Never did use the handset on the phone so I ca n't speak to that , but it worked perfect with the plantronics wireless headset & lifter!I really liked the ringer on it too . It was n't an annoying ringer , but a pleasant sounding one . I know that sounds quirky , but when you sit in an office all day & have to listen to a phone ring , it 's nice that the ring does n't annoy the you-know-what out of you.I did notice that the speakerphone did n't work unless you picked up the handset , which I thought was odd , but I did n't have a need for that.Great phone for what I used it for !
 We bought 5 of these for our business , and they are holding up great . They construction is solid , the quality is good , and the value is expemlary . The two-line functionality is a nice feature , and the quality seems to be good whether over our VOIP system or on our main PBX . The phone also permist the use of the cheaper -LRB- older -RRB- headsets , so we could save money there as well . A good value .
 Shipping fast , it came well packed and with the adequate protection , the quality of the sound is very good and work very good !
 i bought this phone b/c i needed a corded phone w / handset jack and didnt want to spend much . after looking everywhere comparitively , this was the absolute best . i use it everyday.no complaints !
 This is a good phone for home offices . I had bought over the counter wireless handset phones and gone through them in a matter of months . This phone has only been with me a month , so maybe there is time for it to fail on me , but as I do not touch it apart from the dial buttons and speaker phone buttons , then my hopes are high for longevity . The speaker is good , and the mic has given anyone I am speaking to no problems at all . I have yet to pick the handset up and even the headset connection has only been used for a test . The downside is I can not walk around the house with the phone , but it 's a small price to pay.For the price I paid for this , it 's been a great device so far , the only downside is the fact it needs three AA batteries to operate the speaker phone . I am sure the batteries will run out at the most inopportune moment ! Even if the batteries run out the phone can still be used , just not in speaker phone mode.All in all a cheap , solidly performing desk speakerphone with headset connection for the home office , recommended .
 I bought this phone because I needed a corded telephone for my home business . I also use a headset with this phone . No complaints with sound and I have not had anyone tell me that they ca n't hear me . I have not used the speaker phone so I do n't have a review for that . The only con I find for this phone is that it does not have caller ID which is frustrating when I want to see who is calling . Other than that , this is a great telephone !
 This phone has been a life saver . As a professional writer , I often do telephone interviews , necessitating the use of headphones on a secure and stable land line . I searched in vain for desk phone with a jack for headphones until I found this one on Amazon . It performs very well and has filled my need .
 I purchased the phone for my home business and must I say I am very please with the purchase so far . The sound quality is superior and the phone is very easy to use.Hand-carved Djembe Drum From Africa - 7-8 '' X 16 '' Classic Ghana Djembe
 Needed a speaker phone for the home office , and this fits the bill . Easy to use , decent sound quality . A good , basic phone .
 I needed a phone that would take my headset for work at home . The display is bigger than most for easy touch without missing when in a hurry , I like that the speaker/headset button has a flashing red so I know that it is still attached even though extremely silent . Working on the phone doing reservations it is nice to put the phone not my headset on mute , and if I have been on mute for a little bit on my headset it is easy to forget . But with the mute button having a red light on the phone as well I have no worries any more , making pause time after answering 0 . That is a big thing!I also like that the flash button is easy to get to on the front so that if I forget to turn off my call waiting I can hit it twice and no more worries . The volume buttons are also easy enough to get to that they are very functional while on a call as well.But for me the best part of all is that you do n't need to have any power at all to use this phone!No power cord and No batteries needed to operate . This gives me flexibilty to put it on the wall without a close by outlet as well as not worrying about the batteries dieing while on a call.The 3 AA batteries that it takes are only needed for the programming of call memory and a couple of other functions . So no worries about them dieing any quicker than the 6 months or so.I could n't have asked for a better phone for what I do . And an excellent price !! Oh and because I have it hanging on the wall the handset allows for a great place to hang my headset when Im not using it.YES I would and will recommend this phone to many an agent here at my place o f work.Panasonic Integrated Business Phone -LRB- KX-TS105B -RRB-
 Not much to add to the current reviews save to say that the phone seems lightweight . Good for my home , we do n't use the phone alot . Do n't think it would hold up to office use or something like that . Your mileage may vary etc. , etc.Apr . 2009 . The original phone works fine and I went and bought another one for upstairs last year.Aug . 2010 . And now we are three . Another one for my room . It 's wall mounted beside my desk and the built in hook holds it well in place . Why did n't I think of this before ? One question . Why three AA batteries ? When did you ever find a package of three ? So , OK ; buy four and hold the one for when my wireless mouse battery quits . Aha !
 This a great phone for the price . I 'd buy it again if I were looking for a speaker phone.The only thing that I wish it was that it is n't , is cordless .
 Well if you 're not looking for caller ID and just want a good basic phone , this is a very good unit and it 's very well designed . I use it at my desk and I have cordless phones for around the house . It works very well with my Panasonic headset -LRB- also cheap -RRB- . The dedicated speed dial buttons are nice for business also . The speaker phone also seems to rival more expensive phones . I 've used much more expensive phones and this is just perfect for what it claims to be , a business phone .
 I am a part time consultant , and I use the Panansonic phone on my Vonage account primarily for business calls and teleconferences . My prior phone was a GE Princess phone that had a constant annoying hum , and call quality was not very good . The Panasonic changed that dramatically
 This phone turned out to be a great phone for our simple household use . Loud ring , easy to read and use buttons . They can hear me well and vice versa . Very satisfied and highly recommend .
 I got the phone for my Dad and he really enjoys it . He like using the speaker phone so everyone can talk and the phone is very clear and easy to use .
 this is a great phone for a great price . Do n't forget to insert the batteries . Otherwise , all functions work perfectly for any home office or home . It has flash , hold , mute , speakerphone , and headset capability . Great phone for a great price .
 We use these speakerphones with headsets for teleconferencing and shared whiteboard meetings . They provide good sound quality and work for us with a variety of headsets .
 I bought this phone because my Uniden TRU 246 got to where nobody could hear me unless I used the headset jack . Not a problem since I primarily used the hands-free anyway , but I thought I 'd look for something else . I tried looking for another Uniden , since I 'd had my 246 for two years and still had n't changed the battery yet , and I thought that was good life . However , the new Unidens are ugly ! Since I 'd read good things about Panasonic equipment , and I own one of their VCRs , so I thought I 'd give it a try.I 've lived with this phone for over three months now , long enough to have formed some real impressions on it rather than rely on knee-jerk reactions to something I had n't thoroughly lived with yet.First , this phone is cheaper than I paid for the Uniden two years ago by over half . However , it does n't have the memory storage for storing phone numbers , nor does it have the CallerID display . I thought I 'd really miss both of these features , but I 've never even had CallerID , and even with all the area codes I have to remember , it was really a pain having to program all of them in my other phone with a number pad . So I 'm finding I do n't miss the display that much.Secondly , the ringtones are great ! You have a choice of six . I have a very distinctive one now that rouses me from sleep whenever I hear it . This phone is better than the Uniden in that you have more volume settings than barely audible and wake-the-dead , and the round part up top flashes when it rings . Ironically , it 'd be a great phone for the hard-of-hearing . Thirdly , the phone comes in several colors . I chose the black one , 2208B . Choose another color and get a different letter at the end of the model number . The phone is also very attractively designed , and fits in my hand very well . If I get tired of holding it ... get this ... there is a SPEAKERPHONE built into the handset ! I can put the phone in my apron or my jeans pocket and plug in a headset , or I can just set it down and use the speaker . Add a star for this feature!But the most important feature for me was my phone HAD to have a lighted keypad . 90 % of cordlesses do n't have that for some ungodly reason . The 2208 won big points for that.What I do n't like about it ? One , I prefer to hang the base on the wall , and while that 's easily done with this phone , it does n't lay flush with the wall like my Uniden did . It 's really kind of an ugly set-up . How about talk time ? When I first reviewed this phone I did n't think I was getting the kind of time I was used to having with my first cordless . My friends and I are the type of people who are likely to call each other up and kill an entire weekend afternoon by watching figure skating competitions or awards shows together even though we 're in different time zones . These shows can run well past four hours , so I needed a phone with stamina ! That 's why at first I was a little disappointed that my new phone starts to beep at me after three-and-a-half hours . Unlike the Uniden , though , it beeps for quite a while -LRB- half an hour -RRB- before it actually goes dead.On the other hand , I favor the speakerphone a lot , and in the time I 've had this phone I 've figured out that the speakerphone uses up more juice than just holding the handset . When I refrain from using it exclusively I get the time I need for the most part . In fact , I was able to watch part of 60 Minutes plus all but the last 30 minutes of the Grammy Awards show with my friend in Boston before the phone went dead . So , I 'm very pleased with the mileage I get from this cordless.I think it 's a great little phone . I 've retired the Uniden altogether and am considering buying the CallerID model with answering machine . That way , when these awards shows run long , I 'll have a backup !
 From big buttons and lighted keypads to speak phone , this basic 2.4 G cordless phone has every thoughtful features a simple household needs . The greatest improvement is the NiMH battery , which will provide longer talking hours and the much more reliable power supply . The handset is very light and wall mountable . Nice voice for both ends . The headset jack is ready on the side of the handset . The accessories include 1 line cord , 1 ac adaptor , 1 NiMH battery , 1 handset battery cover , 1 belt clip , 1 whoulder rest attachment , 1 wall mount adaptor . Great phone with great price !
 I 'm not sure how to start this review . I absolutely love this phone . It comes with a shoulder-rest so the user does n't get a cramp . However , the SPEAKER-PHONE unit is so AWESOME that I do n't use the shoulder-rest for a shoulder-rest , I use it for a stand -LRB- and a great stand it makes -RRB- . People on the other end do n't even know I 'm using the speaker-phone -LRB- I know this because I ask the caller towards the end of the conversation -RRB- . I 've used the speaker-phone while cooking dinner , watching television and taking a bath . All at about 5 feet away and had absolutely no problems . It has a voice enhancer option that really works . It also has a volume control button that is very helpful . There 's no answering machine and if you 're needing it to come with one I 'd recommend this model with answering machine built-in . In final ... This is a great 2.4 GHz gigarange digital cordless telephone and I highly recommend it . Model # KX-TG2208 B -LRB- black -RRB-
 I did not buy this for the speaker phone but I was amazed on the quality of sound of it . This phone lets you turn off the ringer ... which was important so it did not wake the baby -LRB- the base lights-up when it rings -RRB- . It could have had more options for the price , but it meets my needs well . Now , I wish I could turn off the handset locator buzzer since my child plays with it !
 From speaker phone to the big lighted buttons , this basic 2.4 GHz cordless phone with the quality voice has every considerate functions we need . The NiMH battery , which can provide longer talking time , is one of the greatest improvements . The whole set is a space saver . The handset can be charged facing up or down . The speaker phone is nice and clear . My voice can be heard clearly without raising . This phone comes with 1 tel. line cord , 1 AC adaptor , 1 NiMH battery , 1 handset battery cover , 1 belt clip , 1 shoulder rest attachment , 1 wall mounting adaptor . A headset jack on the side of the handset provide another convenienct function for busy mother like me . I LLLLOVE this phone !
 Since I have only purchased Panasonic brand cordless phones for over 10 years , my review is really based on my expereinces with older Panasonic models rather than competitors of Panasonic.I purchased an earlier Panasonic model -LRB- KXTG-2680N -RRB- of this phone two years ago , and for the most part I really liked is clarity and multitde of features -LRB- it was at the time one of the top line phones -RRB- . However , like other Panasonic cordless phones I 've had in the past , the number buttons on the handset started to stick and then stopped working at all.I bought this particular model as a replacement for the older KX-TG2680N because I 'd become a fan of the talking caller ID function . While I initally thought it was a silly function , I later found it very helpful . If I could n't find the handset quickly enough to read the caller ID , it was nice to have a voice that told me who was calling . The KX-TG2680N talking caller ID was unintentionally funny ; its pronunciation and accenting of names was often terrible , and it took time a couple of moments to figure out what it was saying . The newer KXTG-2258 , however , has improved the pronunciation of names and there are far fewer times when I have to pause to think about what it is saying.One downside of the KXTG-2680N was that the phone 's battery life was short ; I never bought a replacement battery , so my conversations had to be 45 minutes at the longest . So far the KXTG-2258 appears to have a longer battery life -LRB- but it has only been three weeks -RRB- . Other improvements of the KX-TG 2258 are that the buttons on the handset and speaker are bigger , and their placement is more intuative and therefore less confusing . The handset is much bigger and more comfortable to use -LRB- the older model tried to copy a cell phone -RRB- . There is also the slow talk option on the answering machine -LRB- which I do n't use much -RRB- that helps when you 're trying to take down a number or directions . I loved the handset speakerphone , and it is still featured on this phone . The clarity of the phone is excellent , so the voice enhancer is really not important to me.The KXTG-2680N was full of features , but it was not an easy phone to navigate ; I read the maual throughly and refered to it often . You still should on this phone , and while it still is n't the most user-friendly phone , much is less confusing than its predecessor.However , there are things that could be improved upon and helpful features that Panasonic dropped on this lower-end model of the phone : -- The KX-TG 2258 still does not have a one-touch programmable speed dial ; phone numbers are entered in the handset 's phone book . Annoyingly , the phonebook can only be accessed through the handset , rather than the speakerphone and handset . -- If you are listening to the answering machine , you ca n't dial the handset . The machine stops playing when you press the talk button . -- When dialing from the phonebook , you can not switch to the handset speakerphone until the number is complely dialed . Also , you ca n't acess the phonebook if the handset speakerphone is on . -- The answering machine may allow you to slow down a message , but it does not allow you to speed through one . You have to listen to the message from the beginning rather than forwarding to the important part of the message . -- The phone comes with several different rings tones for incoming cals . However , it would have been more useful if you could assign a group of incoming numbers a certain ring tone so you could tell who is calling . In other words , to program a caller group . The older model had this feature , and additionally the handset screen lit up a different color so that you could hear and see that it was someone from a particular group that was calling . I always thought it was overkill along with the talking ID , but I find myself missing that feature the most . When the TV is on or I can not hear the talking ID , I could simply look at the handset from a distance and know if close family and friends were calling . I ca n't do that anymore with this phone.Other than these things , the phone -- so far -- is good and the answering machine is okay . I just hope that the number keys on the handset do n't begin to stick again !
 I had some worn out V-tech 900mhz phones , and decided it was time for an upgrade . I looked at all the 2.4 ghz phones . 5.8 ghz is priced too high right now . By far the best line of cordless Phones out there is this new line of 2.4 ghz Panasonic . I also purchased the KX-TG2216FV , it uses the same Ni-mh Battery . I have had them both for about 3 weeks , they work great . Very clear sound and great battery life without battery memory .
 I bought my phone about 2 weeks ago and so far I love it.It has all the features you could ask for.There 's 2 speakerphones , answering machine , dual keypads , storage of 50 phone numbers , etc. I like the battery much better than the older nicad.I would recommend this phone to anyone.It comes in silver and pearl white .
 This is the 3rd Panasonic phone we 've purchased , and so far we 're satisfied . My only complaint would be that sometimes we can hear an echo , but otherwise the phone meets our expectations . We were n't sure if we would like the Talking Caller ID , but we do like it . It 's really helpful when the handset is n't in your hand , and you ca n't see the Caller ID . You can still know or at least have some idea of who 's calling . We had first bought the GE phone that was rated # 1 by Consumer Reports , and we were very disappointed . We returned it and got this phone , which is much better .
 This phone has more than I 'll ever use , but my 15 yr old daughter says the many features are great . I just wanted a cordless phone that would have caller ID and would sound goodin the sometimes crowded bandwidth of suburban NJ , and most imporantly , would be wall mountable.Paid $ 119 at Office Max , and everything over the last month has worked without trouble . Wall mounting was easy -LRB- once I read the directions ! -RRB- , the voice caller ID is neat , and recpetion has been very good . No problems or suprises ; recommended .
 I inherited this phone 21/2 years ago from my elderly Mom ; like some others here , she too found the initial programming confusing . At first it was a challenge for me too , but I soon got the hang of it.The features I like most are , of course , the Talking Caller ID -- great for screening junk calls -LRB- not always the best pronunciation , but it 's limited by the number of characters available on the screen -RRB- . Reception 's been crystal clear even 100 + ft. from the base -LRB- I 've sometimes used the handset upstairs in back of the house , with the base downstairs at the front . And , the 50-number phone book 's been invaluable for my needs.Guess our WIRED cable internet has kept me from computer interference some have mentioned . Even after power outages , I 've only need to re-program the time & date . My only complaint now is the handset number keys are getting hard to press -LRB- that 's happened to me with other phones too as they aged -RRB- ; and repairing or replacing that is so pricey the better bargain was upgrading to the 5.8 Ghz KX-TG5671 . Panasonic 's been good to me , so I 'll still trust it for the future !
 I bought my phone in Jan-2004 for $ 119.00 dollars and used it for exactly 2yrs with only having to replace the battery about a month ago . I really liked the phone and had no issues except for one . Yes there were a couple of features that could have been improved on like phonebook access on the base and being able to call out/have a conversation while listening to messages . I did find that my old Southwestern 900mh phone would allow me to walk all over my yard and even down to the mailbox 250ft away while this phone had problems outside 50ft away so the range was not all that great . I found the phone to be very easy to use and also activated the call announcement feature which was nice as well.The problem I had with the the phone is its not a good choice with DSL wireless computer users . While I am on my computer I found that when I received an incoming phone call it would knock me off line . I also observed while I was on the phone and my computer was running the phone would cut out during conversations and I would miss small sections of conversations . I also had complaints while the computer was on people had a hard time hearing me as well . Like I said I do not recommend this for anyone with wireless/DSL service and unfortunatly I was told this phone would work by Dell.Otherwise it had good sound when computer shut down but the range was short and I like to take my phone into the yard while gardening etc. . It would cut outGood phone for non wireless users
 arrived promptly as advertised.flows as well as originalreal test will be in how long service life will be .
 I would give these five stars except they are always more expensive than I want them to be . They are what they claim to be and fit the pens I was getting them for . Rollerball refills are the way to go for me because of arthritis in my hands . These write smoothly and easily . Since the need for these items always seems to be &#34; yesterday , &#34; Amazon Prime 's 2 day shipping is a good reason to order there .
 On quality paper -LRB- for example , what you find in a genuine Moleskine notebook , and not one of the knockoffs -RRB- , these refills last and last , and the ink flows steadily , smoothly , effortlessly across the page.On cheaper , coarser paper , the tips can get clogged . You wo n't see anything , but it just stops writing . You may even believe you have run out of ink . But if you clean off the tip and switch to better paper , it will write again.You have a nice pen . Get nice paper , too . It will make your pen -- and you -- happier .
 Got ta have 'em . Good price , too . You can get good off-brand refills at Staples for about the same price but why bother . This is the real deal .
 Cross is without a doubt the finest pen I have used . It has been my pen of choice for over 45 years . It has never failed me .
 I got a cross pen set for some occasion many years ago -LRB- did n't we all ? -RRB- . Recently I 've started using some of the pens I 've collected during 34 years of office work , and I 've noticed that the Cross pens are the smoothest .
 These were exactly what I was looking for and even cheaper the the name brand website ones ! The shipping was fsat . The packaging was great . A must work with . A + + +
 the product was just what i needed for my pen just as advertised . The Shipping was great and i am really satisfied with my purchase .
 I 've tried other refills and found that fine point genuine Cross refills are by far the best . Medium points tend to leave trails and non-cross refills used tend to be too light and does n't glide as easily . I have found Cross Classic pens my standard writing equipment and have half dozen in various bags and planners I own . I would not recommend cross 0.5 mm mechanical pencils or new line of Cross pens made in China .
 This ink is the best that I have ever written with . I do a lot of writing , editing , scoring , etc. and I need a pen and ink that can withstand and hold up ; this one does the job and does it exceptionally .
 Refills came quickly in the mail . . work fine in pen . . good price for a two pack of Cross pen refills
 These were reasonably priced and I did n't have to drive all over to find a store that carried them . Shipping was free . My husband loves his Cross Rollerball pen and these refills .
 The Cross black gel is one of the best inks I have ever used . It glides across the paper flawlessly and never skips or smears . I highly recommend this refill -LRB- though I can not say the same for the blue version -RRB- .
 So smooth for writing . The tip is n't too fine or too fat . Good ink quality . Makes my Cross my go-to pen . All the rest are stuck in a drawer .
 Great phone , for the price I got what I paid for , I really ca n't understand why these other folks are yaking about what the hell do you expect from a $ 60.00 dollar phone . If you do your research you spend you time and money wisely , you will get what you paid for . my parents have a $ 350.00 digital phone they got what they paid for , did I think my phone would compair , hell no!BE SMART AND DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE YOU BUY !!!!
 I bought this phone for the quality of it 's speakerphone function . It has proven to be as reliable as I had hoped . My company uses this phone and my experience with it there led me to this purchase .
 It is excellent ! Well designed . Works perfectly and no any problem . I am happy with it .
 I had one of these phones already and needed one for another room . It was just what I wanted . This phone does everything it promises and I would buy again and also recommend to others .
 this phone is on its 3rd year now and it still works perfectly . sounds are clear , it is easy to use and has lasted a long time . This is our office phone and it is used 5 days a week .
 We prefer corded phones and this one fits the bill . We like the fact that it shows who is calling when we are already on a call . It keeps a list of our frequent callers , so calls can be made or returned by just arrowing down to their name and phone number . We have not had any problems with this phone .
 It 's always nice to have thee eraser that fits your mechanical pencil . I can always write more with an eraser and have extras !
 While it is on the cheap end for a cordless phone , it is also on the quality end as well . I have found this phone is better than I had expected for the price . It gets scratchy here and there , but that 's what they make a channel button for on the phone !! ^_~ I recommend this one 100 % !! < 333
 The phones were in great shape , brand new , clear sound and easy to set up . It allows me to put numbers in and save as well as the caller I.D could not be even better.The ringer is loud it allows you to adjust it , but it is pretty clear.I never had any interference on any of the calls . Simple yet very effective for the price ...
 I bought this phone and everything seems to be good about it . It has a lot of features and the clarity and distance of use from the base are about the same as or a better than others I 've had . I take a star off since the letters on the display are smaller than other phones I 've had , and as others stated , the ringer is only on or off . I 'd like to have at least 2 volume settings and off .
 After Lightning hit close to the house and blew up our last set of phones , we where forced to get the cheap ones to get us by . Now that we got these AWESOME phones it is so nice to be able to walk out of the house and to the truck in the yard and still be able to hear on the phone . They are crystal clear , even with my head set on . They are also very easy to enter numbers into the memory . I say for the money they are above my acspectations , they are very very good phones for your home and I highly recommend them to anyone that wants a good home phone at a nice price .
 have had mine for several years . no complaints . I am actually trying to find an extra handset because my kids managed to lose both of them .
 My girlfriend truly loves min-pins and it was exactly what she wanted for X-mas thanks for making it so easy to find and getting it to me she looks at it everyday and smiles
 I bought this calendar for work and both myself and my co-workers find the pictures absolutely adorable . I enjoy looking at all the sweet little min pins every day at work . I would definitely recommend this calendar to any dog/min pin lover !!!
 If you love min pins like I do buy this calander it might be the only one you 'll find for this breed .
 This 27907 phone set is the best I could find for my 91-yr-old mother , now technically challenged like many her age . It has been so successful that after a year with only the 27907 , she ordered an accessory handset , so if she forgets to charge it there will be another ready and waiting , and so that an emergency phone can be put in the bathroom . One reviewer could n't find an accessory handset ; its model number is 27918 , and amazon.com lists several . Nearly all the negative reviewers ' issues are addressed by careful reading of the instruction booklet . It does have a lot of `` bells and whistles '' but Mother just disregards the unwanted ones . To avoid taking her hearing aid out , rather than putting the phone against her ear , she presses the speaker button when she answers instead of the talk button . -LRB- To disconnect , you press whichever one you last used ; if you press the other it switches to that mode . -RRB- The 4 volume levels default to the last setting , and there is an additional white button against the dark handset color to boost the volume further ; that this white button has to be pushed each time the phone is answered instead of defaulting to it is my only criticism . I have found that callers who are not clearly audible -LRB- 1 -RRB- have inferior handsets themselves , -LRB- 2 -RRB- are calling from remote mountain-locked areas , or -LRB- 3 -RRB- both . It is possible to make the phone announce aloud the numbers as you dial . The reason this review sounds like an instruction manual is that some of the reviewers objected to things that were in the booklet -LRB- available at www.thephoneresource.com if it 's lost -RRB- , and I believe these negative reviews have left an unjustifiably bad impression of a tool that has proven nearly ideal for an elderly person with handicapping hearing and vision problems . As hard as I searched before I bought this , I would have appreciated there being more positive ratings and detailed positive reviews ; I bought 27907 with trepidation because of negative reviews , but the phone has been even better than I dared hope .
 Easy to use , nice big numbers . Clarity fantastic , nice booster for hard of hearing . I bought one for my 93 yr old technically challenged father-in-law , had it working in seconds . He loves it and has recommended it to several friends . He likes the one button to turn on/off the phone . His last phone had a talk and an off button , but they would always hit the wrong button and their phone would be off hook for hours . Does n't happen with this phone because it is just one button . He also loves the light up ring . It makes it easier to find , and also a visual confirmation of an incoming call . Am buying one for myself , just wish it was offered without the answering machine , since I do n't use an answering machine . No problem , just will turn off that feature.Can ' t say enough how great this phone is ! Why ca n't every company make a phone like this ?
 We replaced a very old phone system with a base and two portable units in this line from RCA/GE . I am not an electronics geek but I found this system easy to program and set up was very quick . We have had it operating for two weeks and it works fine and has good sound d quality and no apparent interference with our wireless computer net work or our wireless surround sound system.Highly recommended.George Strout
 I have a mild hearing loss , and unfortunatley it 's the decibles that people speak . If I ca n't see the speakers face more times that not I ca n't hear them , and I have struggled with phones for years . I purchased this phone because it said on the box for mild hearing loss , and I can actually hear ! I turn up the volume some which is very easy to do . I 'm very thankful for this phone , as a matter of fact , I 'm on Amazon today to buy additional handsets for it because my whole family loves this phone and I can never find it .
 GE 27907GE1 Dect 6.0 Cordless Phone for Mild Hearing Loss with Digital Answering System -LRB- White -RRB- I can FINALLY hear every word , recorded or spoken . Easy to install and to program . Great for anyone who has no problem hearing face to face , but ca n'talways hear the recorded answering machine messages . Great buy .
 I was surprised also to see the negative reviews for this phone because we have found it excellent in all ways . The phones we had before we bought this one were so poor quality -LRB- even though they cost much more -RRB- that I could n't step outside my porch door or even into my own garage without hearing terrible interference -LRB- like the sound of wind -RRB- . So when my husband and I -LRB- after a year of putting up with the poor quality of the other phone -RRB- decided to buy this one , we only bought the one phone and not the expansion handset . We wanted to see if it worked well first . It does work great and although it has helped to read the manual to use different features , for the most part , the phone can be used easily without reading them . For example , the Caller ID is usuable without the instructions , the memory which can hold 50 numbers , the speaker phone , the page feature and the ring volume . We only needed my son the 12 year old technical expert to discover the extra ring tones , how to name the phone , and other odd features . The range is great , too ; I can take the phone anywhere in the house or in my yard or out to my barn or to the mailbox . I have never had the battery run low when making a call and I confess to sometimes being on the phone more than an hour at a time . It was only when I tried to find the expansion set and my local store no longer carried it , that I found it online . I confidently ordered the expansion handset and it has been just as good as the first .
 Product just as expected . ring level and tone very good and provides adequate lodness for people of dimished hearing to hear .
 This is a very god phone it is very to use we now have 3 of these phone they are great to use great sound
 All in all this GE phone gives Uniden and other popular phones a run for their money . I needed a cordless phone with answerer and speakerphone in the handset and wanted to keep the price low . This GE did all those things and has 5.8 GHZ technology besides . Only con I could find with the phone is the speakerphone is not as loud as I would like , otherwise this GE is a bargain .
 Good phone for the money . It works great . It does need to stay on the charger or it will lose it charge easily .
 I think this is a great value for the price . I just started a business from home and wanted to keep expenses low . I saw the previous comment on bad reception but i called my phone carrier and they told me that through digital service , that is not an issue . Also , a note on switching from speaker to normal ... you have to press talk again during the conversation NOT speaker -LRB- it automatically hangs up -RRB- . You can not operate more than one handset at a time , however , i know of many pricey phones that work the same way . I use the phone with a headset and have never had any issues on clarity and call drops . One issue I have n't figured out ... my Memory List keeps re-setting itself .
 I 've owned this phone for going on a month now , and have had few problems . The sound quality is excellent when you do not have the phone in speaker mode . Its clear , and has five different adjustable volume levels in both speaker and regular mode , and contrary to what other reviewers have said , yes you can switch out of speaker mode back to regular mode . The handset also has a plug for a headset on its left side should you choose to use it.Now for the only minor problem I 've had . The speaker mode sound quality is average at best . You might find the person on the other end of your call asking you to speak up or saying that you are cutting out just a little bit . However this is VERY MINOR and definetly not a reason to not consider this phone . Thats the only reason this phone gets 4 stars instead of 5 from me . The answering machine does its job great . You can set it up to have a voice message recorded to callers or simply have an automated voice ask them to leave a message.The VIP ringtones are pretty cool , you just have to find which one suits you . Overall this phone does its job with just one hiccup . Whether or not you can stand that hiccup is up to you as a buyer . Id recommend the phone though . Besides there 's a one year warranty that comes with the phone if you do have a problem with it . Otherwise , simply return the thing and get your money back from where you bought it .
 I took the three apart and use it for discipline in my classroom . Students move their name on the green when they get a warning , to yellow -LRB- 5 min . from recess -RRB- , to red -LRB- 10 min . from recess -RRB- . Great quality !
 This is a great way to use a pocket chart . You can change the size by removing one or two sections . It 's versatile and sturdy . I 've used these for years and love them !
 I really liked it since I 'm able to use either all parts together or just one which allows me to be more flexible with my class exercises .
 This is my favorite and I will not use anything but this one this one . I use it at home and work . It is large enought to accomodate my wireless keyboard and mouse . If you try this one , you will fall in love with it.It stopped the annoying wrist pain from long hours at the keyboard . It helps to hold your wrist in the right position .
 Since moving to a laser mouse , I had given up using a mouse pad altogether . However , I was starting to get a small sore spot on the heel of my hand , so I decided it was time to do something.I bought this wrist pillow about six weeks ago and really love it . As with most Amazon products , it was overpackaged -LRB- Bubblewrap ?? -RRB- , but arrived quickly and in perfect condition . The size of the pad is fine -LRB- anyone who has used a mouse for more than about 20 minutes knows how to recenter the cursor on the page if necessary -RRB- and the squishiness of the wrist rest is lovely . More important - I can surf and type to my heart 's content and no more worries about a sore hand!I am purchasing some of these for gifts and can highly recommend them .
 This product is just the right size and smoothness for my Logitech V220 optical mouse so that I can use it very comfortably for extended periods . I travel with it and keep it in my backpack for my laptop . I am not at all accustomed to using a mouse pad with a wrist support , but this foam wrist pillow seems very useful and quite nice as well . The product comes with a 5 year warranty to boot , but unless you drop it from 2 stories up it is not clear how you could ever expect to damage it at all , since it is so well constructed.The only complaint I have is that its actual selling price varies so wildly depending on the color being purchased and I guess on who is actually selling it -LRB- Blue - the one I purchased is now ~ $ 16.79 , Black is ~ $ 12.28 and Orange/red ~ $ 15.49 -RRB- ??????
 Comfortable for the most part . The angle of it seems odd , if you set it so that the bottom edge of it is parallel to the edge of your desk , then it feels crooked . So I have to angle it . But I think it 's helping my `` mouse elbow '' and wrist pain .
 I bought this for a friend and he loves it . The pad and wrist pad both have their own little spot so they do n't slip around . The wrist pad is comfortable and the pad is just the right size for any normal mouse -LRB- I 'd think if u used a trackball u would n't need this anyways lol -RRB- . As the picture suggests , only for right handers lol .
 This is perfect for a mouse pad with memory foamand a wrist pillow . It gives you ample room to move your mouse around and it has a nice hard base to keep it from slipping on your table . I would buy it again and I will for my other computer !
 I have absolutely no regrets . It 's working very well . You ca n't go wrong with this product and will definitely recommend to a friend .
 bought this to replace a worn gel pad for the wife . it took her a while to adjust . overall she is happy with this product .
 it looks good and feels good too , it is much better than the regular pad without the foam or gel pillow.the only problem would be the shape , it looks like it is made for left hand .
 This is an excellent scanner.Be careful when placing your order . For some reason when ordered from Amazon , the order automatically adds a USB cable at an additional $ 44 . I thought that maybe this was because the scanner kit did not include the cable and you really need the cable to set it up . Turns out there is an identical USB cable in the kit and therefore the extra one is just a waste of money.If this is your first time working with a scanner I strongly suggest you read the instructions . If you plan to make your own labels , you will need a barcode font . There are no free versions , but you can get shareware versions . The most common barcode font is called 3 of 9 .
 I love this calculator ! The jokes are refreshing and very funny . I listen to the jokes between math problems and when I do n't feel like it , I can turn the jokes off . This is a great little calculator for the price and I recommend it for anyone with a sense of humor , and those who need a sense of humor . : - -RRB-
 A hit with my teenager , who needs it for math class . Sturdy binding and cover . The holes allow you to put it into a larger ring binder . More suitable for our purposes than several other similar pads available here . And better than the product from Staples , which fell apart .
 I 've been using these notebooks for all my math classes over the years . I can use much less paper per assignment because the quadrille design really makes my work look a lot more tidy and organized . I 've never once had an issue with the quality of these notebooks . They are durable , and more importantly , the pages tear out without making a mess . I will be buying these from now on !
 Everything from the binder cover/back and the metal spiral is very durable on these notebooks ! very rugged design and the paper is just what would be expected from a Quadrille Ruled notebook , for the price these notebooks are a must have for anyone seeking quadrille ruled notebooks !
 I love graph paper ! I use it for everything including at work for taking general notes . I always struggled with graph paper pads and looked for a long time for a good graph paper spiral notebook . I found this one and have been hooked ! The quality is excellent - the front/back covers are very sturdy and the pages are durable and do n't just fall out of the notebook . I had once tried switching to an offbrand notebook but found it to be flimsy so I immediately switched back.Great multi-purpose notebook . Highly recommended .
 I hate graphing , but this notebook makes drawing graphs in my economics courses easier and more precise . The binding is sturdy and well-made .
 These were terrific labels and the person who made them was very flexible and willing to do almost any type of graphic I wanted . Will use again !
 It 's hard to review paper objectively when a lot of people do n't think much of paper to begin with . Unfortunately paper is categorized in many `` confusing '' classifications for the average office worker , student and do-it-yourself photo printer to be of any real indication of `` quality '' . I 'll do my best to clarify paper `` roles '' and `` grading '' along with my quick review of the Hammermill Ultra-Smooth 32lb series.Paper is generally classified under weight -LRB- density -RRB- , brightness -LRB- white value or color intensity value -RRB- , and task -LRB- purpose or role -RRB- . Weight is basically the measurement of how thick a piece of paper is , or how dense it is . The brightness is a measurement on a scale of 1-100 -LRB- although marketing may now claim numbers above 100 -RRB- of how bright the color of the paper is ; usually most of the time of how `` white '' the color appears . The task of a paper is its generally suggested role -LRB- copy paper , photo paper , multi-purpose , etc -RRB- and usually accompanied by what type of printer best gives the results needed -LRB- such as Inkjet or Laser -RRB- . This particular paper series from Hammermill can be best described as `` The best Jack of All Trade Papers '' I 've used . It 's thick enough for reports and fliers but not too thick to be considered entry level card stock . It 's bright enough for presentation graphics and high contrast images but does not produce photo images well enough to replace glossy paper , and it can be considered a good all around paper for quality prints without costing an insane amount of money if high quality matte was used on all print outs.The finish on the paper is lightly glossy , so there is a small sheen to the paper but it is n't really apparent enough for photo re-prints . Simple graphics -LRB- especially high color contrast images -RRB- do indeed look very nice on the paper . My biggest gripe with the paper is that it 's not sturdy enough -LRB- considering it 's 32lb grade -RRB- for duplex image printing without `` wrinkling '' . Heavy paper and photo paper is specifically designed not to wrinkle when loaded with a lot of ink -LRB- hence their name -RRB- and I was kinda hoping this Hammermill paper would be able to hold its own in the image department . However heavy images on one side of the paper is enough to make it wrinkle on the other side making it an `` average '' image quality paper . The brightness is also not very impressive once again considering it 's `` 98 GE '' rating when I really consider it more of a 94 to be accurate.I would highly recommend this paper thus as supplementary to reports , presentations , and paper proejcts where you might contain some extremely high quality transparencies or photo print outs to give a more complete professional feel , rather than printing an entire report for example on photo paper which may seem like a bit too much -LRB- if not a bit tacky -RRB- . For the home user , it 's a great alternative for the children and the family printer for every-day decent quality photo/image print-outs without breaking the bank on glossy photo sheets.There 's nothing else much to say other than this series of paper being the best `` professional multi-purpose '' every day paper you could possibly use . For students and every day print jobs , it 's overkill . For business and professional tasks , it 's the perfect balance between quality and value . For artists , photographers , proofreaders , and other graphic intensive applications ; it 's only good enough for draft work unfortunately . In the end I like it for what it is ; a printer 's reliable multi-tool .
 My office recently got a new Xerox copier printer that came with some premium Xerox paper that really impressed me . That led to a search of what options are out there for premium laser/copier paper , so I bought this one as well asHP 11310-0 HP Premium Choice Laserjet Paper , White , 32-lb. , 8-1/2 '' x 11 '' , 500 Sheets/reamandXerox Premium Laser Copy Paper , 98 Brightness , 24 lb , 8-1/2 x 11 , White , 500 Sheets per Ream -LRB- 3R13038 -RRB- . This paper is superbly smooth , and does n't show bleed through on prints or writing on the second side . It is thicker than regular paper , but I had no mis-feeding or jamming issues with the printer/copier . The only drawback to this particular paper for me is that when compared to the HP paper , it 's more yellow . If you want super bright white , the HP is a better option , but it comes with a price -- the HP paper had the most misfeeds.I would n't quite call this card stock but it is definitely noticeably thicker than regular paper . If you only need to do single sided prints , the Xerox paper is a better option that feels like the normal thickness of paper . If you want thicker and especially want a very smooth texture , this is a great option . If you need the absolute whitest brightest paper , go with the HP , but be warned that I had mis feed issues with it.I rated this 4 stars instead of 5 only because its noticeably less bright white than the HP paper . As long as you 're not mixing this with brighter white paper , that 's probably something that could go unnoticed to some .
 We use this paper for the specific reason that it is * not * easy to find locally and it has a nice weight to it . We print lots of `` coupons '' to hand out for local businesses and having a paper that is not easy to find locally helps cut down on counterfeiting . With a $ 25 order , or Amazon Prime , the shipping is free -LRB- if ordering from Amazon and not a third party -RRB- . Quality of paper is very good and prints come out looking very nice .
 This paper was purchased for church bulletins and it works great without bleed through from opposite side.Will continue to use in the future .
 This mouse pad takes an efficient amount of space , let 's the mouse glide with delicate friction and allows the optical sensor a fine and accurate surface to register . The edges tend to fray over time , perhaps they might have a beveled edge in the future to prevent cloth fray .
 IT IS A MOUSEPAD . I PUT MY MOUSE ON IT AND IT WORKED NICELY . IT IS MADE OF CLOTH AND IS PRETTY SOFT .
 Length :
 I do not think I can add much more than the glowing tributes already posted here.I had drag problems with my 3D mouse . But on purchase of this product , all that became a thing of the past.The size is right , the texture is right , and most of all , the price is right.A well deserved 5 stars .
 Pros : + Cheap Price + Soft And Smooth Surface + Mouse Runs Smoothly On It + Sufficient Mouse Roam SpaceNeutral : + / - Could Be Me Or The Mouse Pad ; It Sometimes Shifts Downwards Over Time When Using ItMy Verdict : Overall , it met my expectations .
 I like very much . Would buy again ... if I had another desk.PROS-Perfect size on my desk , and perhaps anywhere-makes your mouse movements very smooth-minor bumpy surfaces -LRB- ditches for pencils and stuff like that -RRB- on the table are nothing when this pad is over them-good grip on the table-very soft-not really that smellyCONS-gets dusty really easilyBefore using this , I recommend cleaning the underside of your mouse and the area of the table you are going to put your mouse pad on .
 It 's a mouse pad . . For the price you ca n't go wrong . It 's a cheap mouse pad . I needed one when I purchased a glass desk and realized that a laser mouse does not work on top of it . They do sell the same items in stores for double or triple the price .
 I 've been using it almost a year now and there is no sign of there . It gets dusty easily but not a problem . With a good mouse , this is a deadly combo .
 This mouse pad works great with my Kensington Pro Fit -LRB- full sized -RRB- mouse -LRB- 5-function -RRB- where as with the Kensington `` Mouse in a box '' mouse it appears the surface is too smooth to work well . I use the Pro Fit most of the time . The `` Mouse in a Box '' does work on this pad ; just not as well as the Pro Fit . I have the same results with the Apple Mouse and Dell 3-button mouse ; that the surface seems too smooth.This pad stays in place well with it 's rubber backing and fabric top . It has a spongy material between the top and bottom of the mouse pad . I like this pad . I have two of them . I might try another just to compare with this ; but I have been happy with this mouse pad . My blue one is a darker blue than in the picture .
 great bouncy feel , and cheap . If youre looking for a basic mouse pad then this is it . The only thing i might improve is the size , a rectangular size might be better .
 The mouse pad is great for ball mouse . I have a lazer mouse and I notice that it slows down the action . I am an editor so I like the mouse to be super fast . Its not a Major difference but you can tell the difference . Otherwise its great .
 I like it - it 's thin , approximately 1/16 of an inch , which is an improvement over my previous -LRB- very old -RRB- mouse pad which was much thicker and raised my wrist a bit ; I think the added height may have caused a little extra wrist strain.The top surface has a cloth feel and my optical mouse -LRB- Kensington Pro Fit USB/PS2 Full Size Wired Mouse -LRB- Black -RRB- -RRB- moves on it nicely - it 's smooth , but not so smooth that you find yourself overshooting your mouse pointer.The bottom is of a very `` grippy '' texture , so you wo n't have this one sliding around on your desk.If it matters , the dimensions are not quite as stated ; instead of 8 `` D x 9.5 `` W , it 's precisely 714/16 `` D x 92/16 '' W.
 It 's just a plain standard mouse pad . Not much more detail than that , would buy another of needed . It shipped fast and was well packaged even though it is nearly impossible to damage . -LRB- I am sure UPS could figure out how though -RRB-
 decent mouse pad at a cheap price.mouse glides smoothly on it.wanted something cheap and this fits the bill.works well with lazer mouse .
 I am reordering these mouse pads becuase they are great and simple . I have purchased about 4 of these so far and love them .
 Very smooth surface and easy to clean . The dust can be cleaned just by using tissue paper , which is totally different from my last mouse pad .
 This mouse pad is very smooth for its price , the only thing I have to say down about it is that if you do n't have a wrist pad your wrist will start to hurt .
 This is a good standard mouse pad , nothing fancy but it has a nice smooth surface , and it works well with my optical mouse .
 The color is almost exactly as shown on the amazon.com site . I thought by the description it would be thicker , but it is better than the free one I got at the bank , yet not the old heavy neoprene style . Still , it does what it needs to do and is so pliable I can fold it and put it in a purse .
 It 's a blue mouse pad . Not too big , works well with my optical mouse . What more can I say ?
 There 's not much to say . It 's a mouse pad . It does n't move , it 's the right size , the mouse works on top of it .
 I will buy again if my current mouse pad is worn out . This is a great product for my mouse .
 It does what it has to do . I like this mouse pad . I would definitely recommend this product for everyday use .
 I 'm very happy with the mouse pad , so good . I recommend for the users to choose the brand . kualits price is very cheap and does not disappoint
 Layers flat on desk , does n't slide around . Works well with my lazer mouse . Plain looking but very functional . Does n't get dirty due to the black color .
 This is as generic a mouse pad as you can get , it does the job for an optical mouse , making sure that you are actually able to move your cursor .
 1 -RRB- You know , It 's just a plain black mousepad and works like a mousepad .2 -RRB- It does n't smell bad except it smells of a rubber when you sniff on it . -LRB- it does n't smell when you do n't purposely sniff on it -RRB- 3 -RRB- I would n't recommend this for gamer because the size is a bit small for gamer . Maybe I am wrong . The width and height are roughly size of 2 iphone 4 vertically .
 My old mouse pad was getting a bit worn out and I found this one to replace it . It 's a great price and good quality . If you are looking for a new mouse pad I recommend not wasting your money on something more expensive and going with this product because it should meet your needs whether you are using it for gaming or just ever day use .
 Replaced a very old mouse pad with this one . It 's a nice smooth fabric and is the perfect size for what I need . My work just requires working on the computer , nothing computer mouse intense . I grabbed this to make an order $ 25 for the free shipping .
 Typical of Fellowes merchandise and its prices , this is a fine mousepad -- the simplest of items at an appropriate and compassionate price point .
 Been using it for about 6 months . It 's great , no problems at all with my optical wireless Logitech mouse . Does n't slide on the table , does n't irritate my hand , I love the shade of blue -LRB- goes great with my black desk -RRB- what else would you want from a mousepad ? Easy to clean by wiping etc. .
 Why buy a 15 dollar mouse pad when you can get one for 5 ? Sometimes simple is the best way to go !
 We used these at work for iron on photos as gifts . They turned out great .
 This was a very standard mouse pad . I 'm using it as we speak . It gets the job done . It arrived very quickly . I have no qualms .
 This pad is easy to keep clean , does not slide on the desktop and allows the mouse to flow smoothly across the pad .
 What can I say ? Its a nice pad that does n't rip when you use your mouse on it . Plus , its made from recycled materials !
 I never have so good a mouse pad at so cheap a price , it 's really worth owning !!!!!!!!
 Thiner than any other mouse pad I have bought , but holding up ok so far after 6 months . Pretty cheap price online .
 If you 're having a hard time finding the right mouse pad , this one really takes the cake . Suddenly you 'll find yourself surfing the Net or doing work on your PC with ease while rolling your mouse over this great mouse pad . It 's like a smooth as silk golf course for your mouse and is really kind to it . For&eacute; !
 This is a great product at a great price . I bought four twenty dollar mouse pads before this , all the others really serve no purpse , the gel packs block my way the harder surfaces dont grab that well and it is worthless and a horrible waste of money . This mouse pad is the one im sticking with it grabs well looks good and its under 5 bucks !! This is a must for anyone . When it all comes down to it , all the fancy stuff serves no purpose and wastes alot of money . Buy this product .
 this mouse pad is exactly what I was looking for . I use it every day . I am handicapped , and so this has worked out very well for me.Logitech V450 Cordless Laser Mouseit is very comfortable , and just the right size .
 Ca n't beat this for your basic mouse bad . Even sticky balls roll well , just the right amount of friction , padded for your hand . No garish pictures.For optical mice , works fine but the Fellowes Optical Mouse Pad allows smoother and more accurate motion , and seems like it should provide more preciese optical tracking.If you have wrist discomfort , the Fellowes gel wrist pad helps with that .
 After using an optical mouse on my nice desk for about a year , I managed to wear through the finish of the desk . I figured it was time for a mouse pad.I bought this one because of good experiences in the past with this manufacturers products . While I was hoping for a slightly thicker mousepad , this one was thinner . The advantage of the thinner mouse pad is that the mouse glids over it more evenly as it doesnt mush down like most thicker ones do.This pad is made from what I think is some sort of neoprene but , is exceptionally tough . The top layer , something that tends to easily peel from many mousepads after a good amount of use , is still in perfect condition despite my constant abuse .
 Works well , nice price , looks good . Got no problem so far , and I bet this item is best choice than other pads . But one thing you have to know that is this pad has a little bit smaller -LRB- I guess it 's about half inch -RRB- width and height than described .
 This mouse pad works like any other mouse pad I 've had before . I use an optical wireless mouse and have had zero issues with control or accuracy.No problem with smell out of the packaging . I have a tower fan pointing right towards my desk and I have had zero problems with the mouse pad lifting off of the table.I 'll never buy an expensive mouse pad again .
 I have purchased several mousepads over the past year , with all kind of space age finishes and coatings . I hated every one of them and just went back to my shabby , old , falling apart mousepad because the new ones did n't work as well . This mousepad is just like my old one , just a bit thinner . A good surface that is easy to move the mouse on , pretty color , good size . Finally , I found a replacement for my torn up and ancient mousepad !
 The blue blob -LRB- Mouse pad -RCB- fit the thing that I was looking for
 works well with my Verbatim mouse , dimensions are as described .0125 x8x9 '' , with only a very faint , sorta neutral `` new mousepad '' smell .
 If you need a non-fanzy eco-friendly mousepad this is your choice . Also it is cheap enough . If you do not want to go out of home to get a mousepad , you are in the right place .
 If I must leave a review for a mouse pad , this one is exactly what one would want and expect . It 's sleek , sharp , and worth the price . Serves it 's purpose .
 Nice size , good traction for my mouse and very flexible . Could not find a comparable product in a store for the price . Good buy
 This is a simple standard mouse pad . It 's clean and just the right size for my desk . It 's the fabric backed rubber mouse pad . We 'll see how well the fabric holds up , I 've seen them delaminate before . On the other hand , the price is right , to buy a replacement when the time comes . The quality seems good .
 Solid basic mouse pad . Stays in place and provides a smooth working surface for your mouse . What else would you want in a mouse pad ? I like the black too matches my desk !
 Large , grips the table & allows good control of mouse - especially for shaky hands . Very happy with the purchase .
 Just what a mouse pad should be - right size , thickness , texture , non-slip bottom , and price . Some reviews complained of odor so I was skeptical , but I have no complaints . Bought several for the office , and separately a couple for home . Only complaint was the wasteful packaging for shipment - came in a large box instead of a large envelope . Fellowes ' on the other hand uses 100 % recycled for the product package , and the product itself is 50 % -LRB- pre-consumer -RRB- recycled .
 For the money this is a great mouse pad . Clean , good size , and does n't smell . Lazer Razer Naga mouse works perfect with this .
 If your looking for a simple , cheap pad , this is for you . It stays in place well , and the mouse glides across it . You will have no issues with the size , as this mouse pad is a perfect height and width .
 I needed to replace my mouse pad after several years of wear . As I am a bit space limited the size is good and the surface allows my mouse to operate with greater accuracy . For the price it is definitely a good pad .
 $ 3.87 for this beauty . Just can not beat that.What I like is that the feel is not like those super-synthetic fabrics that makes you hand feel like it is chafing . This has a slihtly more ` rubberized ' feel to it , which is just perfect . The bottom is also good in the sense that it will not slide around on your desk . Plus , this thing is made with like 50 % recycled material so eco friendly too.A win on all fronts . Buy this , period .
 Good nice sleek no corners will peel up like my last one but it is a little abrasive . Very black .
 This is a great ordinary mousepad . I have had no problems with my mouse using this and it blends right in .
 Fellowes Medium Mouse Pad , Black -LRB- 58024 -RRB- That it 's great for little mice ! Seriously , it 's a decent quality pad , though I myself would not classify this as a medium size pad . It seems like the standard rather small size pad to me . Quality is decent , does n't seem to be fraying and stays put . I use it on a slide out wooden shelf in my computer armoire . My mouse is an HP laser and it functions well with it , moving smoothly . A good necessary product at a good price point if you need , or prefer to use a mouse . I like using the touch pad and the mouse . It works fine for me . I do n't do gaming so I would n't know anything about this type of pad for that purpose or the type of mouse gamers use for that purpose . Sorry .
 Works just like a mouse pad should ... no problems at all ! I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a simple mousepad !
 I wanted a thin full size mouse pad for traveling . Something that is light weight , fits into a carry bag without taking up a bunch of space , I can fold it , roll it up or whatever and this baby fills my needs exactly . Plus , the mouse glides easily . I can also use it to set a hot cup of coffee on it while sitting at someone else 's fine desk . Perfect for me .
 Very nice standard , black , basic mouse pad . Sticks well to any surface . Seems like it will hold up well over time .
 Very thin , sticks to my desk well , and my mouse -LRB- Razer Deathadder -RRB- tracks perfectly on it . Shipped fast and nicely packaged too . Great buy , would definitely purchase this product again .
 I own 3 of these and they have lasted for more than a year . I would recommend this pad to anyone that is looking for just a basic black pad . This mouse pad , very simple , smooth and lint free .
 We love Hammermill paper . It is inexpensive and has never misfed in our 15 year old laser printer -LRB- important when you 're printing 150 copies of a 48 page booklet -RRB- . This paper looks great with our HP color inkjet printer . For covers it folds with a clean crease . It is almost coated paper without the coated paper price.But I wanted a ream of 67 lb . cover stock . Not 110 lb . -LRB- which is just a tiny bit heavier than 67 lb . -RRB- So I thought , what the heck , 80 lb . should do . Wrong ! It is just heavy paper . A good bit heavier than 32 lb . but it is n't heavy enough to use for post cards -LRB- what I bought it for -RRB- . I do n't get it .
 I am using this for making home made cards . It folds well and gives a crisp look . It is also working well for rubber stamping images & coloring them with Prismacolor pencils .
 I had attended a class to learn to color with Copic alcohol markers and this is one of the papers the instructor recommended.I love the bright white smooth finish , the color goes on smooth , you get great saturation and it blends well . It is a little lighter weigh than some cardstock but heavy enough to hold up well . It runs through your printer great to print out digital images to color . I like that way it holds the toner and is does not smear when coloring the image . It is an all around great paper for making your own greeting cards
 The Hammermill 80 lb paper is perfect for using Copic Markers ! I was having a problem with other types of papers with the ink bleeding , but not with this paper ! I am so happy to have discovered a blog about this topic , and having success with the paper .
 Decided on this product after we tried 110 lb paper that could n't fit through our copier and jammed . This paper is a little lighter than what you would think of as card stock , but it does the job and does n't jam . Holds toner great and looks like inkjet would work well too . Bright and vibrant as well as cost-affordable .
 I like this paper . I thought it would be thicker like a cardstock , but in defense of the item I do n't really understand paper and the weights etc. . I tried to do research to see if this was what I wanted before I bought , but it did n't help I guess . It 's nice I like it , but it did n't serve the purpose I needed it for .
 I 'm an avid board gamer and often want to print supplements for my boardgames . I bought this paper to use for this purpose . This paper worked great to print out cards -LRB- I sleeved them to protect them as they may have been a little thinner than I would have liked -RRB- as well as play-mats . I have an Epson Stylus Rx595 and the images come out looking great on this paper . The one thing this paper did n't do well was work for tuck boxes . As soon as I opened the paper I could tell it was n't going to be ideal for tuck boxes as it was n't nearly thick enough . With that said the tuck boxes served their purpose and the paper folded easily making construction a breeze . The only downside is I do n't expect them to last very long.All in all for lighter projects you cant beat this paper . It looks great and is fairly thick without getting into the card stock territory . However if you need a thick heavy card stock I suggest looking elsewhere !
 This cascading hanging file is pretty strong . There are eight pockets -- two in each of four colors -- holding my teaching materials for pending English classes . They 're much better -LRB- for me -RRB- than regular hanging files because I can see what 's in them even from across the room . My having to rifle through files in a panic when I need something is thus cut way down .
 This is a great way to declutter your house . Unfortunately , it does n't do it on its own . There 's plenty of room in each file so that you can go a week or so between emptying it and the colors make it easy to distinguish between the files .
 I love the fact that you can hang it vertically , I have it inside the pantry door , so I can easily come home and file the receipts and put the mail in there that I have n't had a chance to go through yet , and then I also have a file/follow up compartment that I can easily move the mail I need to keep in and it has eliminated tons of paperwork from my coutertops and I can find things so much easier.I also love that each file is removable so you do n't have to take the whole thing down or everything out of the file when you are working on it ... and each file pocket closes to keep everything inside.Great product .
 The hanging organizer came exactally as described and can be used hanging or as a small file box . My wife loves it and helps her keep her papers and bills in order -LRB- instead of in one pile -RRB- . For the price you ca n't beat it . If it were made of titanium I would give it five stars . : -RRB-
 I work in high competitive over the phone sales , and to have all of my paperwork neatly filed on the wall right next to me has come in VERY handy ! This thing seems almost indestructible and definitely holds LOTS of papers in each pocket ! It 's by far the best $ 15 I 've spent in a long time !!!
 This hanging organizer has simplified my `` active '' files availability.Sturdy construction - holds pretty packed files.Great product ! Two co-workers saw it in my work space and now have their own .
 For years , this has been the only printer paper that I 've used -LRB- to the point where I 've been willing to drive 45 minutes from home just to get to the store where they used to sell it -RRB- . I 've tried many other brands , but it 's amazing how yellow other papers look when you 're used to dealing with 99 % brightness . The 24-pound weight does n't hurt , either -- documents printed on Navigator tend to have a bit more gravitas than documents printed on inferior-quality paper.Do yourself a favor -- if you 're looking for quality printer paper at a reasonable price , go ahead and just buy this . You wo n't regret it .
 I was a little weary about purchasing this paper . Not because of the paper itself but because of the horror stories I have read about how Amazon ships the paper . Well , I have good news . The paper -LRB- 5 reams -RRB- was shipped securely inside the box -LRB- it was tie wrapped -RRB- and there were no issues . As for the paper itself , it is bright white -LRB- 99 brightness -RRB- and in fact , much whiter than the 96 brightness my other laser jet paper is . The 24lb weight is perfect for delivering high quality letters and presentations . I also noticed the paper handles color and black ink much better than the other brand of paper I own.I will buy this paper again and again . You can not beat the price and quality ! I am looking forward to trying their photo paper !
 The issues with packaging have been addressed , as I received my paper in perfect condition . This really is great paper . I did n't see the need for this until I started doing more double sided prints , but now that I have it , I will never go back to other thin paper . I would like to add that I was worried that this would feel too thick , but it really just feels like quality paper . You definitely tell a big difference , with the color and texture especially , but the pliability and portability is not affected .
 This is it ! The absolute BEST paper you can buy at any price . Quality , Price , Brightness , Durability , this paper has it all . How good is it ? I 'm actually writing a review for a paper product . Buy this paper . You can thank me later .
 The paper was thick and white and quality . However , I received this item damaged , TWICE -LRB- 2 weeks in a row -RRB- .
 If you are not familiar with paper thickness , just be cautioned that this is very thick paper . Works just fine in my HP laser printer , no issues whatsoever , it was just getting use to the thickness .
 This is great paper . I love having the convenience of having a case of paper on hand . A real bargain .
 I bought this as high quality paper , which also shipped for free . I have not found any paper that has the same quality for any price close to this . It is 24 lb , and very white . It has that nice professional crisp feel to the paper when holding a few sheets . I 'm in an online masters of science class and read and write a lot of papers . This paper has been very servicable.I did not have any trouble with the paper being damaged during shipment , nor were there any torn or open packages with bent edges . I do n't know if that is luck , but generally , my packages arrive in good condition . This was no exception.To be succinct , when I get low on paper , I will not need to shop any further , I will just re-purchae this paper again .
 There is something about printing something on a bit heavier paper . This paper is bright , solid and professional . Every printout is crisp and it 's much more durable than your standard 20 pound paper . I have replaced all my regular cheap copy paper with this and people notice when you hand them something . This paper works well for home office and small business as well . Invoices and flyers will stand out and give you that professional edge .
 I particularly like the weight of this paper , 24lb . It is a bright white and produces excellent professional quality letters .
 I was worried about buying paper online , but it works great . It arrived in a box in perfect condition and has a better feel than some of the inexpensive paper I have bought at office supply stores .
 I 've been on the hunt for a good quality and really bright white paper for note pads that I make ... ca n't keep spending local office supply store prices , even with their `` rewards '' programs . The price is right on this one and I was not disappointed . I had read that this paper came poorly packaged and not in good condition , but took a chance anyway ... and I am glad I did ! Next day delivery - ca n't beat that ! And ... it is really good paper ... and very bright . I am going to order it again .
 The century II is good alternative to the century series which I consider too small for my hands . The black finish is more comfortable than the metal finishes .
 This pen and pencil set are well made . I use both daily ; but surprisingly I use the pencil more than the pen . The mechanical pencil has a small eraser many of which I replaced -LRB- easy and inexpensive -RRB- and the replacement graphite or what ever it is made of is easy to drop into the open top once the eraser has been pulled out and off . The graphite slides out as one twists the top of the mechanical pencil . I really like this set . I have a gold set too ; but I like how this black with gold accents feels more than the gold metal finished pen & pencil set .
 The set was purchased as a gift and was well received as a high school graduation gift . The set appeared to be sturdy and well made .
 I gave this to my husband as a gift for getting accepted into grad school . He loved it and the tone of gold looks so elegant .
 It really has a `` wow factor '' ! I do want to write the entire day just to have an excuse to use it . Both items perfectly fit in my hand and have an exquisite style and finishing .
 I wanted a nice bright white heavy paper for my sales proposals . This paper fits the bill nicely . I use it for both my color laser printer as well as my inkjet . The shipping was quick , and the box was not damaged . The Amazon price was MUCH better than going to the office supply store to purchase ... and I did n't have to lug the big box in and out of my car !
 Ordered this paper for work . This is just one great example why Amazon Prime is so worth it !! I ran out of this stock , needed it because I was in the middle of a project , ordered it using Prime and wa-lah !!! Wonderful product.Get yourself Amazon Prime . It is so worth it .
 Apparently I 'm the black sheep here . I too bought this phone based on the Consumer Reports review and I 've been pleased with it for many years . It 's been reliable and , although I rarely leave it off the charger , the batteries only started giving out last year , so I replaced them . Not sure I 'm discerning enough to notice the `` tinny '' sound others complain of , but it sounds fine to me .
 This tube gets the job done and is one of the few available that fits the larger size posters I print for conference presentations . It did n't arrived `` used '' -- although it would have been ok with me if it did . Instead it arrived in a really big , nearly empty box . I recycle cardboard but it still seems a bit excessive and if it came wrapped in paper or something it would probably show up in similarly good condition .
 What can you say about a mailing tube ? It was exactly as described . Comes with white plastic caps that fit inside the tube . I held on the caps with shipping tape -LRB- also Scotch -RRB- , but you could probably staple them on if you had a heavy duty stapler . The tube has thick walls and is very sturdy . It was shipped in a long cardboard box , which I 'm using for storage -LRB- so it did n't go to waste -RRB- . The mailing tube was new and wrapped in clear plastic . A red Scotch brand label -LRB- about 3 x 4 inches -RRB- is permanently attached to one end of the tube . I did n't need a 48 '' tube , so I trimmed off several inches with a hacksaw . It would be hard to cut with an ordinary knife , but you could maybe use a serrated knife or a new razor blade . The 4 inch diameter allowed me to ship 4 heavyweight laminated posters -LRB- 42 '' x 60 '' -RRB- . These large diameter tubes are impossible to find locally .
 When I bought this tube last year I made the mistake of not actually looking at measurements . This tube is really thick and long and a lot bigger than what I needed . Still , it 's solidly made with plastic ends that remove very easily for quick packing . The Scotch label comes off very easily if you do n't want it on there.The downside to it primarily seems to come from pricing . It 's $ 14 now . When I purchased it , it was $ 3.99 . I have no idea why it 's gone up almost 400 % in price or why the retail price is a ridiculous $ 48 . It was worth $ 3.99 for sure , but I would n't pay $ 14 for it . Not when you could just go to a local store and buy them for much less . I have to wonder if it 's an error on Amazon 's part .
 great , used it for painting shipment . 100 % worth it price . Thick cardboard and overs fit well and stays . correct measures
 I bought this so I could move my posters and fatheads across country . After 2 shipments -LRB- first amazon sending it to me , and then me sending it across country to myself -RRB- the tube is still in great condition and can be used again in the future .
 Item is very sturdy and large enough for most posters . It is at a very good price , too . I highly recommend this tube if you need to mail or store large posters .
 Works great for my needs . Compact and powerful , plus a pencil sharpener ! You have to fold 8x10 sheets of paper to fit them into the shredder slot , but if you do n't mind doing that , it 's perfect for taking care of junk mail .
 While this shredder is so small , it would n't be sufficient for a productive office setting , it is PERFECT for the back door or in the garage before you enter the home with junk mail in-hand ! You can only expect this one to shred a few pages at a time AND the opening is HALF a letter size sheet , so expect to fold pages or only shred envelopes with little inside at one time . That 's why I think this one is only really useful for junk mail , and why I titled my review this way . But for that purpose , it is wonderful . It is NOT a good shredder if you are only going to have ONE ... with this one , you 'll want a different -LRB- larger -RRB- shredder near your desk.It 's not quiet and it sounds a little like it is grinding -LRB- slightly annoying -- the reason I shorted it 1 star -RRB- , but it does have a few great little conveniences included which make up for the rough-sounding noise . Although these are not really frequent-use conveniences , it 's nice to have an automatic letter opener -LRB- only helpful if you have something else in your other hand , otherwise it 's just as easy to open a letter yourself -RRB- , and pencil sharpener is convenient for those few times you need to sharpen a pencil -- might as well know where one is ... and the shredder makes as much sense as anyplace to have it available.Cross-cuts , so security is good when disposing of those unsolicited credit card offers or bank and credit card statements -LRB- if you now download them and do n't bother with paper statements anymore -RRB- . And you can shred credit cards and staples , too . So it fits the bill!BEST PART ... I LOVE that I turn my junk mail into compost for my garden ! Since I consider junk mail a close cousin to manure , it 's only fitting that it turns out to be as useful !!! : -RRB-
 BIG things come in SMALL packages!I love this thing ! It fits perfectly under my desk and does n't get in my way like my old -LRB- much bigger -RRB- one did . Having the pencil sharpener and letter opener built in allowed me to remove 2 items from my desk top ! My old one had a special credit card shredder built-in but I have n't missed that a bit . This little thing makes easy work of credit cards and up to 10 sheets of paper at a time ! I have and will continue to recommend this to friends , family and coworkers .
 I like this shredder because it is compact and shreds finely . However , because of its small size you do need to be careful with it . After shredding a few items , the paper level in the bin becomes too high for the paper to drop down nicely so it stays and gets stuck in the the shredding mechanism . As long as I 'm attentive about emptying it routinely it 's no problem .
 My shredder was still working after all those years , great for the home office and small tasks . Daughter has it now . Need another one .
 These Folders are perfect ! Finding pink folders of this quality is a rare find . I am very please with the color , quality and price.Smead 1/3-Cut File Folders , Heavy Duty Reinforced Tab , Letter Size , Pink , 100 Per Box -LRB- 12634 -RRB-
 I love the colors . These are exactly what I wanted . The tabs are well enforsed and the colors are rich and bright . Perfect for enlivening an office
 Believe it or not , I was looking for lavender file folders and had trouble locating them through different sites . Not only are these exactly what I was looking for , they shipped quickly and have been put to good use.Thank you ! I will be ordering again in the future .
 These file folders match the colors of the Find It Hanging File Folders with Innovative Top Rail . Using them together makes files easier to find .
 I like these . They are just your basic colored folders and they will do the trick very nicely . I use to collect assignments in -- each class has a color .
 I was looking for colored file folders that had a reinforced top and they are exactly what I was looking for . It would have been nice to have right-tabs only but I can make them work .
 I was looking for only white file folders and they were the only company that 'll had this item.Even though I had to give the customer service person the SKU number which the office max store in nyc gave me , I felt that the combination of store and company were able to solve my problem .
 I do n't use carbon paper , but my mother does , and has many decades of experience with it . I bought it for her , and she was very pleased -- she tried it and said the copy looked just like the original , which seems like what you would want . In any case , she was happy .
 Best version of carbon paper I 've ever used . Nu-Kote is an old technology but made clean and neat for our modern age . I use it for many custom-made forms that I need in my small business - an enormous savings over pre-printed forms . I wondered if I was making a mistake ordering this product , remembering how frustrating and dirty old carbon paper was to use , but I was very pleasantly surprised by the clean and neat version I received . Thank you for a well-thought-out product that does n't break the bank !
 This product was as it was presented . The paper did not make a mess on hands or the papers it was transfering from/to . Highly recommended !
 I was happy with my purchase but I ordered two black packages of carbon paper and when I received them there was a black and a blue package . But the items were delivered to me next day !
 This is the best old fashioned carbon paper that you can use with a pen . I stocker up . Highly recommended !
 Shipped in a good time and delivered exactly what I hoped to receive . Thank you !
 makes me feel old just saying it , and then explaining it to a young person ! Its as good now as it was 100 years ago !
 Carbon paper is hard to find - but this stuff fills the bill . For business forms for hostile environments , plain paper forms with carbon paper are much more durable than carbonless paper -LRB- or electronic tablets -RRB- . This product arrived promptly and works well . I just hope they keep making it !
 Carbon paper is hard to find in stores . A bit pricey but it gets the job done and it could be used over & over again . Great quality product . Worth every penny .
 I needed some carbon paper for my child to use at school . this product seems to suit the need . They are able to make copies of the notes without having to xerox them . This helps out the teacher , who has no money for supplies due to pro ration . The student does n't have to give up their notes until the teacher can find a way to make a copy . My child or any other child absent can get the notes whenever absent .
 I needed an extra phone , but not the extra cost.This phone fits the bill .
 Looking for a laser pointer ? Buy this ! It has a range of 900-950 meters which is fantastic . It comes with several heads , each with different designs and you can adjust the colour of the beam ! It comes with seven batteries , and I have owned this product for over three months and the first one has n't run out yet . This is worth every penny of the price , and if you buy any laser pointer , by the laser pointer by `` In Focus '' . BIG DAN 's OVERALL RATING - 100/100 . FLAWLESS !
 this is the fasts and cheapest great store i have ever seen reliable and great products !!!!
 I 'm petite -LRB- just under 5 feet , though I usually cheat a few extra inches through the magic of heels -RRB- , so I 'm used to having my feet dangling from chairs . Even with a standard footrest that sits on the floor , I have to lower the chair so low to the ground that I feel like I 'm a full foot shorter than everyone else at the table . And the floor footrests are a hassle , and do n't offer the mobility of moving around my workstation.This footsicle solves the problem ! I wish I had one ten years ago . I mounted it on my Aeron chair , and it 's been a dream . Sturdy , comfortable , and it goes wherever my chair goes . I can raise my chair so that I 'm high enough over the desk , and no more dangling feet ! I highly recommend this product . I think you 'll be as pleased as I am .
 This cabinet looks great in our bathroom , very clean and classic . You will need to assemble it -LRB- took about an hour -RRB- . The drawer is somewhat sticky because it is not on a roller - simply a wooden slide system . However this should improve over time.Overall , I am happy with the purchase .
 Easy to install , stay current with the recent postage rate changes . Also comes with a sticker for the side of the scale to explain the new rates for large and oversize envelopes . That alone was very helpful .
 I ca n't believe this thing - it is so cool ! I just got back from a trip to Russia and am really satisfied with the way this thing works . It took some getting used to like any new gadget but once I was up and running with it , people were really impressed . The best thing is that when it says something it uses a real voice . For me that is downright amazing . Like that I was able to let it do the talking for me - using the speaker that comes with it . I also used it to teach myself a bit but in the end mostly let it do all the talking , as everyone seemed to understand it . Several even made me show them how to use it ! I also got an extra MMC card with Ukrainian on it because I spent some days in the Kiev . It was the same there - everyone got a real kick out of it . I think it made all the difference between my trip being a success and a disaster . I only wish I had gotten the extra MMC card for mp3 files too - so I did n't have to bring my mp3 player .
 When compared to the prices of real badges , this is an awesome buy . The quality is great , the weight is heavy , and the detail is top notch . I 'd recommend getting a quality badge wallet along with it , rather than a cheap one .
 I am new to scrapbooking so am still looking for storage for my many papers , scraps etc. to keep my sunroom somewhat in its original form . This item is a great help to organizing just about anything involving scrapbooking , pictures , scraps etc. . Great buy .
 Often times these `` after market products '' do n't work as nice as purchasing a binder with the label already on . However , I 've been purchasing these for almost 6 years and none of them have come off the binders I 've affixed them to . Worth the buy .
 My old Plantronics headset still delivers better sound quality than any BT headset I have tried to date . After the original earhook broke I thought I had to move on until I saw these on Amazon - oem replacements . Good as new , and extends my use of this old-school headset a bit longer .
 I 've used several of the Tri-fold template programs with Avery 's 8384 white Glossy paper and if you 're using a high resolution printer it will make it look like you know what you 're doing . I not only recommend it for smaller jobs of a hundred or less , but I use it for those special occasions .
 I actually bought this to replace the Scotch H-122 Grey Packing Tape dispenser that I used for over 35 years . Buying the dispenser with the tape meant that the dispenser nearly free . The dispenser is the same as the H-122 except that it is red instead of grey and the blade in the H-122 can be replaced though I never replaced the blade in the one I had . The handle on my H-122 broke ; the blade was still good . I bought an ST-181 initially which is good for taping large boxes but if you need to tear off a piece of tape or have a small box to tape the ST-181 does n't work very well .
 Outstanding value with the included Dragon Naturally Speaking 8 software!Very clear playback sounds . Those who complain about its recording quality should definitely compare it with other portable voice recorders -LRB- i.e. Olympus -RRB- , or they simply do n't know how to properly operate this advanced product .
 This is a perfect device , hard working and no complaint . Very easy to use and well made as all Sony products . Batteries life is extra long and sound playback is the best you can get . Well done once again .
 The sony ICDSX46VTP digital voice recorder is very versatile . It is easy to use and the sound quality is great . I am able to record my lectures without adding an additional external microphone without having the teacher put it in their pocket . Transferring , editing , and converting files takes all of 30 seconds . It 's a must have .
 Nice item . Very functional particularly for class room purpose etc.Well recommended .
 This Sony voice recorder can excel in recording music if certain changes are made . 1 - Record at the highest quality setting , 2 - Use a good external electret stereo mike like the Sony ECM-MS907 . If miking at a distance for a larger group , use a small pre amp like the Archos . This combination will give you CD quality in a mini package .
 I 've used Center of Gravity pens for what ... 3 years ? Gosh.This is a late review.It 's a pen so really , you want to know what about it makes it better.Well first , there 's the grip-it 's nice . It 's soft , it 's smooth . It 'll help ease any finger discomfort . It 's contoured so the shape will actually promote proper grasping , and does n't make it a pain to do so.It writes oh so smoothly . The only other pens I 've had that have written this smoothly were regular gel pens and those tend to get messy . I like a little more precision and this wonderful ballpoint is as smooth as I 've had.It 's light , and yes , it is in fact balanced . Call it `` the Zen pen '' because really , it could n't get more balanced.Its weighted in such a way that the pen feels light , but sturdy in your hand.For a college student or someone who writes a lot , this is a GOOD THING.The only con I would have is that it does wear out , and a lot of the parts are plastic . If Pilot made an all-metal version of this pen , I 'd be all over it.Otherwise , I 'll just keep getting new ones , because this is the only pen I 'm going to use for a long , long time .
 I have used Dr grip for years and was irritated when I was unable to buy one and had to buy the dr grip center of gravity -- I was surprised and now I vastly prefer this model - much more elegant and comfortable with much longer lasting ink-requires less pressure to use as well-The center of gravity is the better pen -- Great Pen-ATF
 I love this pen . I am a constant writer . I 'm always trying to find a better pen without paying an arm and leg . I have bad wrists and this pen is much nicer to work with . You do n't have to press verry hard to get solid dark markings that dont smudge or bleed . the cushion is nice and soft to hold but firm enough not to be pushed around . If you write , and need a dependable soid pen , this is the one for you !
 I have been collecting pens for a very long time , and I must say , this is the most comfortable pen I have ever used . It is light weight and perfectly balanced in the hand . Moreover , the colors are attractive . The only reason I did not rate this pen 5 stars is because in cold weather , the ink tends to `` freeze '' and it can be frustrating .
 This is my husband 's favorite pen ... it writes nicely and the barrel is a fine size for larger hands . It is worth the money . The first one , with refills , lasted a few years .
 I 've used the Dr. Grip Center of Gravity since I was in grad school in 2006 . I needed a new pen and I stumbled upon one in an office supply store someplace . Now the ONLY pen I will use is this Center of Gravity model by Pilot . Even after having been given an expensive pen by my in-laws , it ca n't hold a candle to this pen . Sadly , I am now out of ink in my Dr. Grip pen and I must await the arrival of refill cartridges from amazon before again using the pen . Assuredly , the pen I use in the interim will be inferior to this one , requiring too much pressure from my fingers to get too little ink . Anyway , if you need a good-writing pen that 's easy on your fingers , this is the one .
 good price for a great refillable pen . everyone always comments on how nice the pen is to write with . solid and has good weight
 WRITES SO WELL AND IS BALANCED SO PERFECTO , WELL MADE AND WORTH THE PRICE . YES IT IS A PEN BUT WELL MADE
 I bought this on sale at a stationery store . I love it so much , I bought another 6 refills for it , even though I am trying very hard to limit my shopping these days . But I want to make sure I have enough ink to last another 10 years or so , in case it gets discontinued.This pen has the perfect heft to it -- not too heavy , just substantial and comfortable . The grip is contoured just right for my hand , and facilitates fast , neat writing . The plunger mechanism has a satisfying * click * to it . I like to just click it on and off.Ink flow is sooooo smoooooooth . When I first tried it in the store , I thought it was a gel . Originally I was not happy with how broad the ink line is , but now I like it . I have micro pens for when I want a fine line , so this is a nice complement . It 's very reliable for check-signing . I even like the looks of it , except for the `` Dr. Grip '' lettering on the barrel , and even that is bearable . I do like the lucite-ish layer over the silvery barrel . And the more I use it , the more I like the frosted rubberized grip -- it makes for subtle coloring of the lower part of the barrel.All in all , my favorite ballpoint pen .
 I have had this pen for about 2 years now and use it as my main writing device . I do n't write a whole lot but I am impressed that it 's ink is only half gone . The pen writes really smoothly and I love the grips ! It 's soft and the color is great . I kind of want to buy the pink one just for fun but I do n't think this blue/purple one is ever going to need replaced .
 For a good secret sana , I think that anything that will make the working environment more enjoyable is a good idea . Last christmas , I bought the hilariousHow to Poo at Workand a poo pen . It surpassed everything I thought it could provide in the way of amusement at work .
 I gave this as a Christmas gift . It looked pretty real in the packaging . Who does n't love a good poop joke ?
 This was an office gag gift . My co worker laughed about it . It turned out pretty funny . No , it does not smell like Poo Poo but it sure looks like it .
 I got one of these at a dollar store and included it in a ` poo gift box ' I sent to my brother 's work for Christmas back in 2009 . It became a topic of conversation at the present opening gathering Christmas morning and everyone wants a few ! The whole family has been trying to find them at a decent price ever since and I happened upon a SMOKIN ' sale price here at Amazon at the ` More Fun N Games ' store . Perhaps they do n't write on poo , or write at all , or are not quite as dark as pictured but they do get people to stop in their tracks , pick them and even smell them when you leave them out on a desk !! Merry Christmas and Thank You to MFNG for the great price , FAST shipping and for putting a family crisis to rest . I 'm a very happy return customer of MFNGs and am sure we 'll be doing business together again . Keep us laughing !
 I bought this pen only to have some fun ! But when I showed it to my sister she got so frightened she jumped out the window . Now she 's hurt and in the hospital and it 's all the pen 's fault ! I think I 'm going to go to my room and bite my pillow!Besides this incident , this toy is very educational , and now that I know about what happened to my sister , my enemy friend is dead ! I used the pen ! This is a WMD !
 I have to say , I was somewhat disappointed to find this pen does n't actually write on poo . I 'll have to find some other way to label my collection!Beware of `` Number Two '' pencils , too ... I do n't care what they say , that 's actually graphite !
 This pen is hilarious - by far one of my 15-year-old son 's favorite stocking stuffers . He ca n't wait to take it to school to use -LRB- I must not have given him enough attention as a child -RRB- . He says he 's gon na chew on it - Ewww !! The ink is black - would have been funnier if it was brown ink . It does n't write very well - it skips , so basically ineffective to write with . I 'm going to try to exchange it for another one.Lastly , the `` poop '' is bendy , so you have to grip the very base of the pen when writing .
 This is the greatest thing since rubber vomit ! Who needs gift cards at Christmas ??? This is the perfect gift for ANYONE ! Whether you are 6 or 60 -LRB- or 80 -RRB- this is a gift that can brighten anyone 's day ! And something that is TRULY practical . The perfect thing to use when filling out your income taxes . Ca n't wait for their next product , Urine Popsicles . Hooray !
 Highly recommended cor a good laugh . I am a pen freak and addthis to my collection . It is awesome and friends get a kick out of it .
 i bought this very excited , when i got this i was a little disappointed , but not too much , the pen ink ran out very fast , did not last very long , but it still looks pretty cool , but after i finished the ink i took the ink thing out and used it as a prank so it works even though it doesnt work anymore ! still very happy , would buy again !
 This item stinks , I gave it to a twelve year old for Christmas -LRB- a long with a toilet mug , -RRB- she loved them both !
 Bought this as a gag gift for my two sons . They are constantly talking about pooping . Guess it 's a boy thing . They will not take these to school though .
 Who doesnt like to have a little fun on Christmas . I give my father in law poo every year , so this pen was a great addition to his poo : -RRB-
 This is a poo poo pen that is a small brown firm consistency . If it resembles anything you have . . add more fiber ! It 's maybe a 1/2 inch wide . If it was out of the package it might resemble more of a kitty 's poo . It definitely could n't be mistaken for real up close , but it still gets the point across . It appears to have a rough texture . I have n't opened it yet since I 'm giving it as a gift , so I ca n't tell you how well it writes ... But already plenty of laughs have occurred with different family members walking by and commenting on it . It 's a great price and would fit quite well in a stocking too ! : -RRB-
 I have a base unit and seven extra handsets throughout the house . The system works very well . Reception is excellent , intercom feature works very well , including paging . This two-line system would work well for a busy family or for a samll business office .
 I did a lot of research on before purchasing this phone system , there where some less than favorable reviews on sound quality so I was a little worried . The sound quality is fine , no real issues , the phone has a `` VE '' Voice Enhancer feature , it can make the sound a little weird , they attempt to remove background noise from the caller , I do n't use it although it does n't really make a difference it just sounds unnatural . It 's a lightweight phone easy to hold , it did not come with a belt clip , it has holes for the clip they juse do n't include it , that would have been a nice addition.I choose 5.8 Ghz so there would be little interference with the wireless 2.4 Ghz Internet at the house , it 's not mandatory to do this but I just did not want any issues with the wireless Internet . I did not compare 2.4 GHz phones with my wireless although our wireless Internet works great with these phones at the house.We had Siemens phones prior to Panasonic , the only thing we missed was that when you picked up the Siemens phone from the charger it answered the phone -LRB- at first we thought this was annoying but grew to like it -RRB- the Panasonic does not answer when you pick it up from the charger , you have to hit talk.The speaker phone on the handset is great , it 's normally on max volume , it 's loud enough . It has a mute button which is great for long winded conference calls , you can set the phone down anywhere and listen while you carry on with whatever you are doing and not have to worry about the dog barking.The programing and use is not very complicated it 's somewhat intuitive . We have 4 handsets the intercom works good.The range is quite good we get about 200 feet to a barn , it breaks up a little bit but is quite usable at that range .
 Good features . User friendly . Sound quality could be better . Range adequate in a home . Wish the speaker function worked while the phone rests in the charger base . Thankfully , the # 1 on the dial pad works , unlike my last Panasonic system . Let 's hope this model makes it past the warranty period ...
 The phone has exceeded my expectations . I bought an extra handset in addition to the two that came with the unit . Distance from base - superb . Ability to add or delete frequently used numbers - very easy . Menu features - none missing that I can think of . Has volume control , three way , caller ID , speaker , light weight and easy to hold .
 Kind of pricey compared to single-line phones , but it works as advertised.Extra long voice mailbox is needed for keeping business and personal messages .
 We use the phone in a retail business environment and it works very well . Unfortunately , it did not come with a belt clip .
 I bought it because I already had 3 and we needed more extensions and it was really easy to sync with the other phones ... Good ...
 We have a two line household and needed a two-line phone to answer either of the lines . This is now the third handset for the system and it works very well . The screen size is a little small , and it 's difficult at times to quickly decide whether line 1 or line 2 is ringing for the incoming call . That 's the major downside . Other than that , its fine .
 Panasonic cordless phones are the best , in terms of range , reception and clarity . This is not as good as the KX-TG5583PK , but it is still the best 2-line cordless handset , you may find , in the market .
 We were happy we had purchased a phone that made it easy to expand with additional extensions when needed . My only wish is that there was a `` redial '' button on the handset . Only one is on the main base .
 I have owned several of these Panasonic phones for a few years and they have been bulletproof flawless !!!! The sound quality on the speakerphone is incredible , which is the way I typically use them.The speakerphone sounds so great , it almost sounds like the person is in the room with you !!! Panasonic is very , very impressive !!!!!
 Added this `` extension '' to my other 4 phones on this system . Great clarity , good range and flexibility .
 I 've had the system for years and was n't sure if it would work in a bigger house - but it works brilliantly . I actually bought a system with higher -LRB- 6.0 -RRB- Ghz and it was not as good as this , I guess they do n't make 'em like they used to .
 cuando tengo una conversacion larga no me escuchan aunque yo escucho bien no se si sera problemas con telmex que es mi linea telefonica o sera del tel -
 The phone arrived on time and was easy to install and use . The sound quality is very good and the battery charge life is much better than the much shorter life my previous Panasonic phone had .
 The phone I was looking for was a Panasonic extension phone that is no longer made . This seller had them in stock & was the most inexpensive for a new one . I ordered it & was amazed how quick it came & how well it was packaged . I will definitely buy from this seller again .
 I am very happy with the phone that goes with my two line system from panasonic . I had been looking for months to replace an old system and this is light weight and holds a great charge .
 Very happy with this system . This order for for an add on unit . Excellent product line .
 Worked like a champ . Easy to set up , no issues and is just like the other ones when new . A no brainer if you want to replace or add to your set .
 Needed to expand so added this extra handset . Works great , easy to hook up to existing system .
 THe panasonic phone is the only phone that I would ever use in my business . They are tuff as nails . My employees drop them all the time and they still continue to work fine .
 Take it out of the box , put in the battery , activate the `` identify '' feature on the base and the new handset and you 're done . Very simple and now we have 3 headsets to lose !
 I have three of these phones and they work great.I am very satisfied with all of them ,
 the phone is great and very user friendly , a real quality product.also pretty shock proof . to sum it up i would rate BUY on this handset .
 Nobody does cordless phones like Panasonic . We 've tried a few brands and Panasonic is the best by a wide margin . Well built , quality audio , great range , very clear and just plain solid .
 We needed 3 additional extensions on our opone system . The cost of the refurbed phones was perfect for our use . The quality of the refurbs was excellent -LRB- which was our worry when purchased -RRB- . After 3 months of heavy use , the phones have provided excellent service . This was a good investment .
 We purchased this phone along with the base set and have ahd no issues whatsoever with it . We run a small non-profit office and have three phones with two incoming lines . The different rings for each line were a plus , the messages on answering machine are nice and clear , the batteries have kept a charge well , the intercom has come in handy , and they are so easy to use!All in all - we feel this is a great product !
 I bought the for myself and they installed easily and work well . They are very easy to use.I highly recommend them . Two line phones are not easy to find.Sharon
 The phone is great but little hard to set-up but once it done . The phone is great
 I have owned the base station for this product for quite some time . It works very well . I bought the base station knowing that I would need to add extensions at some point . I went over the reviews posted before I purchased two of these expansion sets.I 'm not sure why some reviewers say the sound quality is poor . It may be their choice of `` phone companies , '' rather than the phones themselves . Many of the cable companies offer phone service and it 's of really poor sound quality when it 's compared with the AT&T ; or Verizon networks ' landlines . Anyway , the sound on all of the sets is fine.I especially like the fact that the expansion sets work off the base station . You do n't need a telephone jack in the location of the expansion set and they stay charged in their cradles.One reviewer wrote that it was too complicated to register the expansion sets with the base station . Huh ? It is a simple operation that is spelled out in the short manual that comes with the phone and the instructions are even displayed on the phone 's screen when you first insert the battery . All you do is go to the base station , hold the intercom button until it beeps and then press OK on the expansion set and it 's done!Lastly , I decided to order two more .
 Buy this handset . You 'll save a ton over the new version and they work just as great .
 phones worked great , delivery was great but they did not inform as to when to expect delivery . so package was left with neighbor
 Excellent phone , I wish I had money to buy 5 more . Works great !!
