 I 'm surprised at the good reviews above ... maybe I 'm having a bad day but I found this ridiculous . It was missing screws -LRB- which I had around the house -RRB- but the brace holes did not exactly line up with the slider attached to the very plastic tray . It 's an incredibly cheap drawer , of course , it does n't cost much either . I would spend more money and get a better quality unit ... and hopefully , with better quality control so they actually include all the necessary screws , etc. . The single-page `` Instructions '' is of little help with no orientation of the pieces you have to attach.Also , getting tired of having to do 100 % of the assembly anymore . Much of this could have been done at the factory and it would have fit into the same size box or ever so slightly larger box . Personally , I 'm not ordering stuff like this anymore ... too cheap , too poor quality control , too much assembly . Always made in China .
 big , easy to install but badly designed and part interferes . the width between the holders of the drawer is too narrow so when trying to push the drawer back you have to force it in . Although this does not affect the functionality of the product but it is still somewhat annoying
 How can you ship without directions ? In the description it said damaged box ie ... not loose parts and screws and no directions whatsoever .
 Unfortunately , after installation of this underdesk keyboard platform I discovered that it was made of such flimsy plastic that typing caused it to vibrate .
 a piece was missing at the end of the clip so it was defective and broke right awaydo not buy this
 The design is fine however the base that is supposed to stick to the top of the computer monitor does not stay adhered even when holding one sheet of paper . It is NOT sticky enough!Flexclip Copyholder - Black
 So excited to get this to help with my term paper . It arrived today , I install it and go to clip a paper to it . It flops downward . There is nothing to stop the round flexi-arm from swinging downward . Completely unusable .
 This item looked like a good idea , but I was disappointed when it arrived . After attaching it to my monitor , it sagged even before documents were attached . Completely useless .
 This is the worst thing i have ever bought on amazon . It broke with in 1 minute .
 This did not last two minutes out of the package . The springs popped out before I ever began typing . Do n't even bother with this product .
 A really neat idea and the only one I saw on the web . The first one broke while removing it from the PAPER packaging -- the spring in one of the clips broke loose . Fortunately the merchant 's service was excellent and now it is quite helpful
 This clip does not work on my Dell Studio XPS laptop . The top panel of my laptop has somewhat rounded edges and the clip just slips right off them . Also , one of the clips already came off the bendable wire . I 'll keep it because it 's not worth it to return it but I wo n't use it !
 My staff ordered 3 of these from our local office supply vendor , and ALL 3 broke in less than a month . The spring tension clips break the flimsy plastic , and in the end they are just cheap pieces of junk . Our office supply vendor was nice enough to refund our money . I 've never been so disappointed in a product that I had to write a bad review , but this product should be avoided at all costs .
 Worked fine for a month or so , then the plastic clip broke . It is badly designed . Waste of money .
 only works with about 4 pages max - and always is slipping off my laptop .
 the order was never really placed because they didnt have it in stock ; but it would 've been nice to have it for use .
 As you can see , this phone became available in August 2005 . I purchased my phone in the Fall and love it . Howver , I dropped the second handset in the dog 's water dish and understandably so , it 's broken . I have since tried to purchase another handset . The model has been discountinued . So , I have a phone with only one handset . Thus , I need to buy a whole new system in order to have more then one handset . My suggestion to the next buyer ... research , research , research !
 It does work but not in some conditions , for example it dos n't work in high light conditions like outside . But on the flip side it is the cheapest barcode scanner and in does work 80 % of the time .
 I ordered this to use to scan bar codes on my Mac.The Mac recognized it immediately as a keyboard and I started using it . Point it at a bar code and pull the trigger . Unfortunately , it wants to add a zero to the beginning of each bar code and seems to add an `` enter '' key at the end . So , each time I pull the trigger , I get an extra zero and I have to go back and correct it . Not fun.The instructions are almost non-existent . There is no text that tells you what you are doing . Just a bunch of bar codes to scan - each with a different effect on the operation of the scanner . Unfortunately , the Mac does n't seem to respond to these instructions and there is no explanation anywhere of what each instruction might do or change . I searched the internet for information about this scanner and failed to find anything of value . If you buy this scanner , you should probably have more than a basic knowledge of the workings of a scanner.If you have a Mac - look somewhere else . You already bought the best computer on the market . Do n't go cheap on your bar code scanner .
 I purchased this pen in the hopes that the stylus would be useful , adding great value to an already great pen.Wrong . The stylus does not work at all on the iPad screen . On none of the iPad versions.So sad , too bad , I 'm mad ... at not knowing that .
 The pen works well enough , but be careful when ordering . It comes in two models ; one with a clip and one without . I made the mistake of automatically assuming any pen , especially one as small as this , would come with a standard clip . The only reason I can imagine for marketing it this way is to increase the buyer 's chance of losing it .
 Its a pen good for traveling . Yet , pens are one of the first few things to get lost on a traveling trip . I might not want to risk it.Next , its a pen that can write upside down . But writing upside down is very uncomfortable , not easy and its bad for the eyes . For the sake of health , i wo n't do it.Thirdly , the ink smudges as much as an oil based < $ 1 pens.Finally , the ink on paper aesthetically leaves much to be desired . I may write with this fancy pen but people will think i wrote with a pen i stole from the waitress.I like the casing that is about the length of my middle finger when closed . Its slight weight helps make it feel stable in the hand . Its a nice gift to compliment an internet hype . But once he/she realizes my earlier points , he/she will have another good gift set to compliment an internet hype.On a last note , the pen DOES NOT write on any surface . I need some sympathy here.Sex appeal
 First off , let me say that this pen does what it 's supposed to do ... like write upside down . I have n't tried writing on frozen surfaces or underwater , but I suppose it does that , too.I first heard about this pen while watching a show call How Things are Made or something like that . Having lived during the time of space exploration and all of the romance and excitement that came with that period and being something of a sucker for gadgets , I just HAD to have this pen-actually two of them-one for me and another for a friend.The pen comes in a cute little box that 's decorated with a picture of one of our astronauts on the moon with the American flag and the lunar lander and all . Inside you find a smaller than expected pen . When you take the cap off and put it on the end of the pen it becomes decent size.My issue is n't with what the pen will do or with it 's size . I have a problem with how much I paid for what is basically a ball point pen . Sure , if I had a need for a pen that would do tricks like writing upside down and whatever it might be worth it , but I do n't . Almost $ 16.00 plus shipping for a pen is way too much money . Not the pen 's fault , I know . I need to exercise more self restraint !
 Buyers beware - this product has changed from an excellent writing tablet to a very inferior paper product . Even though the item name and number are the same - different paper is now being used.I recently ordered a new bundle of these pads via Amazon . The paper now used in these pads is more of a toilet paper or newsprint consistency than finished notebook paper . Ink from my pen now bleeds badly across the paper as I write - and bleeds through to the next page in the pad . I went to the TOPS website and wrote the manufacturer two weeks ago - they have not yet responded . As the ink bleeds so badly , my fountain pens now empty quickly and it is very hard to read what has been written.Even though the price is the same -LRB- a premium price for what used to be a wonderful writing pad -RRB- - the paper quality now being used now appears to be a low form of recycled paper . This review is for the TOPS 63160 Prism Plus Legal Rule Writing Pads Letter Size , Pastel Grey , 50 sheets/pad , 12/pk .
 I have no clue what color I was sent , but it is not the pretty pink shown in the picure ! A total waste of money .
 The item picture is false and the item discription is a misrepresentation ! I assume that when customers purchase a legal pad with PINK sheets of paper they made their selectiion based principally on the COLOR ! In fact , I ordered these legal pads with PINK paper for the sole purpose of actually having legal pads with PINK colored paper . No abnormality I presume , at least as to individuals who purchase pink legal pads . This product , which is misrepresented by the seller as `` Legal rule writing pads , Letter , PASTEL PINK ... '' and again in the product discription as `` PASTEL PINK sheets , '' IS NOT ANY SHADE OR VARIETY OF PINK . The only part of the item that could be considered to be pink is the binding , and I assure you , the sheets ARE NOT PINK BY ANYBODY 'S INTERPRETATION OF THAT TERM AS USED IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE TO DENOTE A COLOR !! Additionally , the item pictured is VERY MISLEADING in that it is NOT AT ALL the product actually being sold . The photo misrepresentation of these legal pads as well as the title misrepresentation and the product discription misrepresentation vary from the actual product sold that it is not an unreasonable inference to conclude that they are INTENIONAL LIES MADE BY THE SELLER INTENDED TO MISREPRESENT THE OFFERED PRODUCT in my opinion -LRB- absent some circumstance of which I am unaware that would result in the seller 's inability to view the product he or she offeres and sells such as disability or some other factor -RRB-
 The color is really more of a green than a blue . The paper is also not a good quality paper . I am still looking for blue tablets .
 I ordered this based on information and appearance that seemed like pages were PALE-colored and color of `` steno-pad green , '' only to get a bright green `` pastel '' that hurts my eyes and is useless to me for writing on . Do not bother with these garish colors for real work , unless you are planning some artistic pusuit with them . The listing of `` Pastel '' is misleading -LRB- as is the picture -RRB- and JUST NOT TRUE ! I was VERY disappointed , and for the OUTRAGEOUS price one would expect something more PROFESSIONAL .
 Wrong products . . Its parallel interface not USB ... does not prints logos correctly ... Got it wrong 2 times . I wish its corrected on the website and is not shown as USB . I bought the parallel to USB cable from local electronic store . . printer is not good . . does not print good quality logos ...
 WHEN the printer decided to print , the print is miniscule . 99 % of the time , it wo n't print , even though I get the message that it is ready and it shows items to be printed in the que . I ca n't seem to find the seller about an exchange . Frustrating
 I bought this router because my old Linksys Vonage Wireless Router caused a delay when receiving calls . I connected this up and everything was fixed ! Actually , this has caused more problems.Now when I visit websites I get random `` Server Not Found '' errors . It 's not my web browser , cable model , email or configuration . It also happens on my other PC.It also randomly would occur in Thunderbird , in my FTP program and my Postage software . I switched out the router and everything works fine again.My opinion is that all the Vonage Wireless Routers are garbage . I 'm done with Vonage . They were great a year ago and have now ent way downhill . I 'll pay an extra $ 20 month to not deal with so so many problems .
 My issue is that this router loses it 's security settings every time it 's rebooted . This happens a lot in my area because we have power outages a lot , so it powers back up , does n't reload the security settings , and thus leaves a security hole in my home network . Kind of a bad design in my opinion . Doing a manual reset to the correct security settings is certainly possible , but seems to be finicky -LRB- it requires a login to a web-based utility -RRB- and usually takes me a few tries to get it working correctly . Drives my wife and I crazy.Instead of an integrated wireless/VoIP solution , I 'll spend about the same money and get a better standalone wireless router and a better standalone VoIP adapter . This one is n't worth your money .
 Im a UK vonage customer & have just received this d-link VWR as an upgrade since i was having troubles with my old linksys router.This d-link fixed the problems I had with the linksys but introduced tonnes more!Major set-backs ive found so far :1 -RRB- Awful web admin interface . Get anything wrong & no error messages are displayed and all the details entered disappear ! Is only compatible with IE .2 -RRB- Wireless A/P setup is temperamental . I 've set up the WPA encryption , saved and everything 's fine until a power cut , or its unplugged ... all the settings in the router get cleared leaving the access point open to all with no security !! Very bad ! 3 -RRB- The device does n't allow wireless clients access to wired lan clients for some reason . Somehow they cant see each other in the workgroup or even ping each other using their assigned Ip 's ! So unless all your PC 's are wireless or all hard-wired in there no chance of file sharing here!My advise ... steer clear of this one ! Get a decent router , and buy the simple vonage telephone adapter -LRB- d-link VTA -RRB- instead .
 I like Vonage and I like D-Link , but somehow together they dropped the ball on this one . See the above review on the router 's problem with keeping its security settings . I have the same problem . Every time it loses power you have to manually reset your security settings and passowrd . And you have to try fiveor six times before it will `` take '' . I called Vonage , their great suggestion was I should buy a new router . They offered to send me a new non-wireless VOIP device . . they wo n't support this router . D-Link ? They refer you to Vonage . . they do n't even HAVE a firmware update which might fix the problem . My advice , stay away from this dog .
 I 'm sorry to say that I 've purchased and used this device . If I could have went below one star I would have done so . Basically this router does n't do all that it is touted to handle . It hangs quite regularly -LRB- bad in any event -RRB- . It fails to display accurate status lights when services are disabled . It provides inadequate WIFI support since all of the security functions do n't work . The DHCP server does n't always function correctly . And even the VoIP functions weirdly at times . So all in all , I would not recommend this router to anyone , even an enemy . I 'd feel bad for making anyone suffer with the poor service it provides .
 This would have been a good product if it were n't for the horrible `` feature '' of losing its settings each time power is gone . Whenever we lose power or have to reboot the router , it 's back to factory defaults . Unbelievably disruptive if your family 's diverse equipment is tied to its wireless .
 Unfortunately zero stars is not an option . Every time this router loses power , it loses it 's configuration and security settings making your network and computers vulnerable to attack . Do not buy !
 I bought this after my LinkSys wireless Vonage router failed to survive a move . It has been problematic from day one . The wireless signal strength is weak ; the wifi connection speed is slow , often gets dropped , and has trouble reconnecting . And now , less than 6 months after buying it , it 's started to periodically lose all connectivity -LRB- wired , wireless , even phone -RRB- every few hours . The only solution I 've found for this is to briefly unplug and re-plug the thing , which solves the problem for a while -- although 20 % of the time I do this , it completely loses all the settings I 'd programmed it with , forcing me to change the admin password , SSID , and wifi password over and over again . It 's irritating to no end.You 're better off finding something else -LRB- or , more likely , a pair of something elses -- VOIP router and WIFI router -RRB- .
 I Purchased this router in April 2011 . Everytime we have a power outage , it loses it configuration . First I thought that I had n't saved the settings properly , but found out that it just loses them anyway!After 2 months , I finally called Dlink for support . They told me that this router was made OBSOLETE on April 1 , 2008 , and that there was no support for it.I purchased this thru Genesis17 :7 on Amazon . I contacted them and they refused to refund my money . They told me that I purchased a Used-Like New Router , and so there was no warranty . I paid $ 149.95 for this router . Does n't sound like a used one to me based on price . Right now , today , they have this same router listed for $ 199 . Used , Like New routers -LRB- Exact Same Model Number -RRB- on Amazon are listed for $ 15 - $ 39 . DO N'T buy this router , and do n't buy ANYTHING from GENESIS17 :7 . They are rip-off artists .
 Do not buy this box . I 've vonage for multiple years , and have loved it . I just bought this box by my old Linksys router is dead . After talking to Vonage , I can confirm the box loses all security settings AND it wo n't work with Vista DHCP on wireless or wired - you need to use static IP address settings . The voice quality is fine.This issue has existed for over a year , but D-Link and Vonage continue to rip customers off by selling these boxes . Tech support says there should be a fix in the future and the Vonage forums -LRB- non-official source -RRB- say there should be a firmware fix in May of 2009 . I doubt it . Most likely it is a hardware issue that will never be fixed .
 I ordered this product thinking it was standard laminating sheets . I was surprised when it arrived and turned out to be pouches , which I had to separate to use as I wanted . Perhaps I missed it , but I found no mention of `` pouches '' in the description . Also , it seemed to take an unusual amount of time to arrive , which I had not previously experienced from Amazon . I will continue to use Amazon , as I love the user-friendly site and usual prompt service .
 There is some confusion between the product description and the product photo or graphic . In this case the photo said pouches and the description said sheets . The last time I ordered -LRB- a smaller box -RRB- it was the same - but the product was , in fact , sheets so I lucked out . This time , not so lucky - not sheets . I 'm returning the box , but am hesitant to try again . BTW , Amazon makes it painless to return things . I 'll give them another star for that alone !
 Instead of improving the Sharp Organizer with new technology , this product can not hold a candle to its predecessors . Earlier generations had greater capacity , durability , ease of use , and reliability . The programming for this product is inflexible , the data capacity is ridiculously low , it is physically flimsy and actually I went straight to the wastebasket with it . A total waste of money .
 I am disappointed by this product . Half the time the contacts that I know are in the unit do not show up . Sometimes they do . I do not trust it and am back to the old card rollodex .
 Not what I expected . Was able to find another that meet my expectations.Called Royal Glo by Royal . Whay two more words ?
 This organizer is very old and in lieu of a smart phone or other modern device a waste of money . You can not transfer data , nor will it accept more than a single line of data in the telephone mode .
 The screen is dim and letters and symbols are difficult to read because they 're too broken up . Additionally , the unit is flimsy and the clock feature did n't work . It is poor in every respect compared to the Sharp Wizard , which is no longer made . I hope it will be accepted for return.Update
 I bought this to use as a translater but 90 % of the words I enter are not found . If you want a translater , do n't buy this product .
 I purchased the English-Russian Electronic Dictionary to use specifically while my daughter-in-law 's parents were visiting from Russia and we were on vacation for a week together . When using the dictionary , I received puzzled looks from her parents . I ask my daughter-in-law to check it out and she said it was not translating properly , therefore we could use it for the purpose intended -LRB- of course I would n't know -RRB- . My daughter-in-law is Russian but graduated cum laude from USA University so is well spoken & read in both languages .
 At first glance I thought that this product would be of great use . This did not turn out to be the case . My wife is Russian and I thought she would get good use out of it while learning English . As it turns out the amount of times the translation was right was a point of contention , and it sits in the box , due to the lack of accuracy in it 's ability to accuratly translate . It may be the specific model there are certainly other choices from this company , but not many from other companies . Their computer bases product Prompt ! works much better .
 I never did get the hang on how to use this . Could be me , but found it complicated and the Russian girl that stayed with us -LRB- non English speaking -RRB- laughed when I used some of the words . Later I learned that not all the words that the translator said were the right ones !
 I found this cabinet to be inadequate in its construction and design . The file drawer does n't open fully and I have to bend the folders - and risk tearing the files - to get them in and out of the drawer.Further , the construction is shabby .
 My grief with this product has to do with the small metal screws needed to put the thing together . The metal these screws are made out of is very low quality , and very soft . I stripped two of these screws by hand , so be extremely careful during the installation -LRB- though , I thought I was being careful , and now I 've got two stripped screws stuck in awkward places in the cabinet , one of which is making the middle shelf sag . There were no spare screws included , either , so even if I manage to get one out , I 've got nothing to fill the spot . The shelves are all supported solely by these screws-made-of-butter , too , which would make me a bit hesitant to put them under a heavy load .
 Only good thing i can say is that it arrived early , other than that - absolutely awful - DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM - unpacked and most of the parts were marked ordented - unable to put together due to damage and it was not shipping damage either - someone ACTUALLY packed it like that - called their customer service which sounded like it was a guy working out of his home - he said he 'd send replacement parts - which he did about 2 weeks later - got those and THEY WERE DAMAGED beyond use too - I mean WTF ??? Ended up calling Amazon and sent it back - terrible product - terrible Innovex customer service - Amazon was great with refund though .
 This is a heavy and relatively hard to assemble piece of furniture . I 've done a lot of `` some assembly required '' items and this ranks up there with one of the most awkward to assemble -LRB- it would probably be easier if you had two people -RRB- . One word of warning
 This product is not worth the price , difficult to assemble once assembled does not function properly , drawers stick or do not close properly
 You get what you pay for and it was n't worth a $ 100.00 . For a couple bucks more I could have bought a quality HON steel cabinet .
 I would not buy this item again . The wrong mouse shelf was sent . After several phone calls , I received the correct mouse shelf . Two wheels cracked because they were of such poor quality .
 This stand was returned because the description said it would hold up to 50 pounds . It would not hold that nor anywhere near that amount of weight .
 First , the unit does work . However , for the price I expected more like higher quality plastic , a better track system , etc. . Given that you can buy a wireless mouse and keyboard for less this item is definitely overpriced .
 The office chair came unassembled , and that is not in the product description . The worst part is that after assembly which took 2 hours , we found that the adjustment lever did not work . Right now , we can not adjust chair height , back incline or anything !
 The mousepad was disappointing . It looked and felt very cheap . I would not recommend it .
 The Uniden TRU246 is the latest in their series of 2.4 GHz phones . It offers true 2.4 GHz DSS transmission from both base and handset , which gives great security and range . I was able to walk halfway down my block with no interruption in signal . The lighted keypad , sleek design and silver finish give it a cool look . Unfortunately , there is significant background noise with this model . With my EXA950 , a 900 MHz model , the sound is impeccable , there is absolutely no background noise . I called Uniden and they said a certain amount of noise is `` normal '' , varies by model and is greater in the 2.4 GHz models . I find the noise unnacceptable , I am very dissapointed because the other features of this phone are so nice . You may want to stick with a 900 MHz model until they get this bug out .
 I bought this phone to substitute a 900 mhz phone and after two days I am returning it to the store . First , the ringer has no off switch . You can control the volume , but some of us like to completely turn it off so we wo n't be disturbed at night . Second , I get a lot of static when I use my microwave , making imposible to continue a conversation . Third , it has no mute or hold button . Fourth , I thought I would get more range by buying a 2.4 GHz . That is not true . My 900 mhz worked better . Fifth , I get an echo of my voice when I am talking.I do believe this phone is too expensive for what you get and I found there are better options . I am sticking to a 900 mhz phone .
 I was pretty happy with the phone until , shortly after a year , the buttons became increasingly harder to push . I 've contacted Uniden and they said they would only fix it for free if it was a `` known problem . '' Not surprisingly , they said this was not such a case . Now what I want to know is if anyone else here on Amazon has had this same problem ? If so , let 's make it `` known '' so that Uniden will either fix it for free or give us a replacement . Though at this point , I 'd rather have my money back than rely on their products and Customer Service again .
 I loved the phone when I first received it . However , after around 4 months the buttons stopped working . I basically need to jam my finger about an inch into the phone in order to dial a number . It sounds like a common problem with this phone . I suggest staying away from it .
 The buttons on our unit stopped working too after a couple years .
 The First 3 Months Of This Phone Were Great Till The 1,2,3,4,5,6 and talk button stopped working . . well they work but you have to push the buttons so hard it hurts my fingers , and on top of that i get the microwave thing . . and the whole kichen area is a mess for recption , its a pretty clear signal anyways . . but i really dislike this phone . . and i mean really dislike it ! I Can Barely Use The Thing . . And Half The Time End UP Using My Cell Phone
 This phone operates very well as an answer machine . The sound quality is good , not great , but better than the cheapo brands out there . The range is excellent and it stays clear all the time . The speakerphone is low fidelity but it is not annoying . I have one really annoying problem . My portable picks up the most annoying hum depending on where I am in my house . It sounds like 60hz line interference . I exchanged my phone locally in the hopes that it was just a defective unit , but no luck . I have had three other cordless phones that never exhibited this problem so I have to attribute this to a poorly designed unit . I have to be careful where I move or else the hum comes right through and can be heard by both parties . What is the point of a portable if you ca n't move around ??? Very disappointed !
 ... the battery on this uniden doesnt last more than 8 hours when its away from the base , and ive had it less than a year ! the signal is pretty weak too and theres a lot of static/noise on the line when in use ...
 Well I bought this phone becuase I had a uniden 900mhz phone and it had awesome reception . I could walk to the local supermarket , go inside and still get reception . The only problem is the power pack died . So I figured lets get a Uniden 2.4 Ghz . Well I ca n't even walk out my front door without this phone getting choppy and making all sorts of noise . If I walk by the microwave , I can not hear the other person at all . This phone is worse than my 900Mhz . Very dissatisfied , but maybe its just my phone and not the model . Take it for what its worth .
 I went for the 2.4 ghz model by Uniden because I have their 900mhz DSS phone and it 's great . However , the 2.4 ghz model is a terrible disappointment and a shame for Uniden . What a disgrace . They should hang their heads in shame for releasing this one .1 . The range is terrible . I ca n't get 10 feet out my door without enormous static and clicking noises until the connection finally drops . I have tried relocating the phone , and it 's no better . I also put it in the EXACT place where my 900mhz phone was , and no better either .2 . There is an echo . Not the kind of echo as in a delayed sound , but you hear yourself back through the headset , and it 's somewhat annoying .3 . Party on the other end compared it to my 900mhz phone , and said the 900mhz was much clearer.Sorry Uniden . If I 'm going to pay $ 100 for a phone , it 's going to at least be clear and get me around the block.Try again . I 'm looking for another brand now .
 headset does not fit ear comfortably , something i never noticed or thought of with a phone until this ... keys stuck with first handset and had it replaced and now keys stick -LRB- 6 months later -RRB- with new one ... did not do anything to cause it ... battery died and must replace after less than a year ... sound quality poor ... must be a better product somewhere ...
 I subscribe to Caller ID with Call Waiting Caller ID and was looking for a cordless phone to meet that need and also have an answering device . I heard Uniden is the best . Hah ! I purchased another Uniden product-a 900 Mhz model-two months ago . The Caller-ID funtion only worked when I was on the phone . I finally got through to the customer service department only to have them tell me to unplug it and plug it back in again . That did n't work . I took it back and bought the TRU248 . The caller ID functioned ... at first . I compared the calls to another phone in my home which has Caller ID and noticed some were missing from the Uniden . Now it wo n't tell me who is calling at all . It either says `` Incoming Call '' or something is n't available . I tried calling Uniden 's customer service department -LRB- they do n't want us to return the phone to the stores -RRB- only to have it continuously tell me the representatives were too busy and to call back . Thank goodness I bought it at Target and had 90 days to return it . . which I will be doing . Two different models of Uniden having the same problem spells trouble . If anybody can give me a good make and model of a cordless phone which has the same features as this one , please e-mail me . So far I have had bad luck with V-tech , AT&T , General Electric and now Uniden . Help !!
 I bought this phone after being very very impressed with the 900 Mhz DSS Uniden phone I had . It did not have caller ID , but had a base with a slot for a second battery -LRB- I sorely miss that -RRB- . That phone would go 100 yards in my condo complex and not lose the connection . I now ca n't even go to the end of my driveway -LRB- 50 feet -RRB- without the phone kicking out.AND the microwave will disconnect you . What a piece of -LRB- ... -RRB- this phone is . Just after they get my business from Panasonic they destroy their reputation.DO NOT BUY !!
 Frankly , I 'm shocked . This phone looks nice and has a great design , but the reception is terrible . The signal is unclear and there is a lot of static . I also experienced the same problem with this phone that another reviewer mentioned ... You hear your own voice coming over the receiver , usally louder than that of the caller . Between the echo and poor reception , it is nearly impossible to have a conversation on this phone .
 I purchased this phone because of my experience with a uniden 900 mhz phone . The 2.4 had echo 's and bad voice quality . I was outside 1 time , and with background noise , could hardly hear because of the echo . My wife said to return it , which I did . I still want a 2.4 phone , but will read more reviews .
 My husband liked the looks of this phone and so did I. Unfortunately , we did not like the `` feel '' of the phone - it did not feel comfortable next to your ear - in fact , it sort of hurt ! Also , we echo other folk 's comments - it echos ! Our cheap old phone sounds better . Finally , our 15 month old daughter was able to erase our carefully recorded message in just one push of a button . -LRB- and we spent so much time getting her to say something on it !!! -RRB-
 The garbage cans are great but come with no lid , the lids they advertise -LRB- an additional $ 9.00 -RRB- were way too small . Therefore went looking for the lids at the local Home Depot and found the the entire thing for less money and with it appropriate lid . When trying to return it , I have to pay for the shipping back and a 15 % re-stocking fee . Not happy .
 I bought this mouse pad to ease the strain on my wrist since I use the PC a great portion of the day . The wrist support feels good and the mouse pad works fine . However , the wrist support keeps getting in the way of the mouse ... my mouse is always bumping into it so I end up having to turn the mouse pad around to avoid collision but in doing that , I no longer have access to support my wrist . OY VEY !! I got so annoyed with the constant collision between the wrist support and my mouse that I just went back to using the old flat mouse pad . Oh well , I tried . Would I buy it again ? No ... the aggravation is just not worth it .
 The reason why I chose this particular item was due to the other positive reviews on this website , which stated that this wrist rest was very useful in their fight against carpal tunnel . My understanding of carpal tunnel is that it is more severe than tendonitis , as the nerves are also affected . Therefore , I figured that this item would be able to relieve my tendonitis symptoms . Upon receiving this mouse pad , I have found it utterly useless . The wrist rest is not `` cushionly '' enough to provide any comfort ; it feels like it was n't filled up enough to be functional . In addition , the wrist pillow is short and thus , your wrist will end up resting on the pressure asserted by your desk regardless of the presence of a wrist rest . All in all , I highly disapprove of this mouse pad for fighting wrist injuries . So if a mouse pad with a wrist rest is n't capable of alleviating wrist injury symptoms and was not designed well enough for wrist comfort , then I guess it only serves as a money sink .
 At first when I bought this I thought it was pretty good - it was reasonably comfortable , has a nice non-skid backing and a nice blue tone to it . However , as the product description clearly states , it is a FOAM mouse pad . After only a few weeks , the foam lost its structure . Now the middle portion feels like there is an empty cavity there , almost like it is hollow . After only a month , there is substantially less support and it feels increasingly uncomfortable . In addition , the angle of the wrist pillow on the pad is unnatural - at least for me . I would prefer if it was straight on . This was not very noticeable at first , but this feature is an additional source of discomfort . I only bought this a month ago , but now I am going to put it in my drawer and replace it with a mouse pad with a GEL wrist support from Staples . In summary , this mouse pad would be adequate if you apply minimal pressure on your wrist as you use the mouse and do n't need much support . But for most of those that do , I would advice going for a gel wrist support instead .
 What a drag . This mouse pad is n't even a month old and the fabric cover is pulling up at the edge .
 This board is cheaply made . The white board can not be erased cleanly . It still has remnants of the first words I wrote on it though I used a cleaner and eraser .
 I ordered this for a Christmas present . Went to wrap it and discovered it was damaged and the quality was not near what I expected . Very light and flimsy . So I ordered another one , which did not make it in time for Christmas . When I did get it , it was even more damaged than the first . The frame of both boards were quite warped as well as the white board side was rippled on the edges . I need another one , but I think I 'll look somewhere else .
 they a a newer version , very bad they do not send de item that appear in the photo
 Proudly `` silkscreened '' on the ruler is `` Westcott Since 1872 , '' In 1872 they were made in the USA and the writing did n't wear off . I should have returned it the moment I received it , too late . Fool me once shame on you ... fool me twice .
 I dislike intensely rulers that do n't start at zero . This one has about 1/8 '' at either end before the measurements start . I guess this is just a lazy way of making rulers to low tolerances . The model it relaced `` R590-15 was exactly 15 '' long and started and ended on the mark . Just ca n't see this with the picture , so I ordered it without knowing this .
 Most of the packaging leads one to believe this paper of good for all HP color laser printers . It is not . I have the Laserjet 1500 and bought this paper without seeing the fine print on the back . The first print was horribly smeared . The toner came off on my printer 's rollers causing a time-consuming mess to clean -- and maybe permanent damage . Later I saw the fine print that says the paper is not recommended for my particular HP Color Laserjet model . By the way , the so-called `` glossy '' paper is not glossy in any traditional sense of the word . Unsatisfactory all around .
 This remote suddenly stopped working after a little over a year . Customer service offers no parts and no repair , meaning you have to spend $ 20-30 all over again . Genie does offer a 12 month warranty -LRB- mine was just outside of that window -RRB- , but save your original receipt , you 'll need it after the 30 minute phone wait .
 All features are very competitive and complete BUT the handset volume is absolutely unacceptable . I tried 2 of these and they both are almost useless . I have 4 other Vtechs models with no problems . Vtech company has givin me no recourse or satisfaction to where I would be very hesitant to buy another one of their products .
 This item number -LRB- 20-260 -RRB- is listed elsewhere online as a 12-pack of legal pads . Ordering this item via Amazon results in a shipment of a single -LRB- yes , ONE -RRB- legal pad -- for over $ 11 . Insane . I would rate this as `` zero '' stars if that were possible.Attempted a return , but that 's not an available option , just a `` replacement . `` All very silly .
 I love Coby 's little DVD player . The quality is superb , so I thought the phone would be a good purchase based on the DVD quality . No , it was n't . The handset sound is very poor quality , almost like a radio station that is n't quite coming in right . My Radioshack phones for near the same price are much better . I do recommend their little 7 inch DVD player though -- that thing is tough . Also for the first time Amazon did n't get the order right - the phone was supposed to be black and was silver which only enhances the cheap look !
 I bought this machine to replace a broken AT&T product . I have found the reliability of GE and AT&T answering machines low -LRB- none has lasted more than 2 years -RRB- , and I chose the Panasonic based on Amazon recommendations and the brand name.It has been a disappointment . The most serious problem is tge poor sound quality
 This answering machine is junk . The sound quality is so poor I am embarrassed to use this machine . When an incoming call is received , my recorded greeting will not activate-the phone will ring several times but the greeting will not answer the call . Yes , I have checked the settings or functions on the machine . Moreover , I bought this machine on the Panasonic name alone . It was a mistake . Look elsewhere for an answering machine , my fellow buyers .
 I keep seeking an answer machine with first rate sound quality . This one is not it .
 Admittedly , I have n't ordered it yet , but the title clearly says Scotch Photo Document Mailer 12/pkg - white which should mean you get 12 per purchase . Sounds good right ? But if you read the fine print it says this package contains 1 envelope . So which is it ? Am I getting ripped off at $ 5 per envelope or getting a great deal at 12 for $ 5 ?
 These telephone have low price and low reception too . I cann ' t use it more than 10m distance between telephone and base ... it is rubbish ... it is the same that a cord telephone with 10m wire ... Next time I will buy wire instead of GE cordless telephone ...
 I 've always had good luck with my GE phones . I saw this one with the 5.4 GHz and thought it was a really good deal for the money . Ummm ... not so much . It sounds horrible ! Everyone I talk to says I sound like I 'm either sick or that there is a horrible echo , I sound too far away , etc. . It also gets a lot of interference , which is something my GE 2.4 did n't have trouble with . Looks like it 's back to the 2.4 for me .
 I bought this phone because Consumer Reports rated it `` excellent '' for voice quality . Not ! There was a lot of echo and a tinny quality , which changing channels only helped somewhat . I did n't have a problem with distance from the base , but I may have returned it too quickly to discover that .
 I 've had this phone for 2 weeks and it gets poor reception , crackles all the time and does n't have very good range . People say they ca n't hear me on the other end either . I bought it so it did n't interfere w / my wireless connection , but it does n't seem to make a difference . Honestly , I just do n't like this phone .
 This phone has horrible sound quality . The range is even worse.Not much to say but if you get it , you 'll have an expensive paper weight .
 Have some older GE phones that work great but this is an inferior product.Sound is poor both sending and receiving -- Would have given zero stars on this one .
 October 2006 I purchased two of these phones based upon the recommendation from Consumer Reports . Right next to the base they are fine , however , walk outside or into the garage you can hear static and the person on the line says `` you are cutting out '' . They recently both stopped working within a week of each other . The battery is supposed to last for three years . It 's been seven months !
 This phone has terrible audio qualities , both in terms of being able to hear who you are talking to , and also their ability to hear you . The sounds in the phone are very muffled , and the strength of the signal fades in and out . Automatic call-back feature is difficult to program , as with many of the other features . Spent way too much on this phone ... and I think Consumer Reports actually gives it a good rating . Do n't be fooled , this phone is terrible .
 I am very disappointed with this phone . Whoever I call tells me I sound `` muffled '' and it tends to have the `` cell phone '' characteristic of a slight delay when I speak . Meaning , I hear my voice and then it takes a second to transmit . This phone is terrible . Do n't waste your money .
 Poor quality . Do not buy it .
 The keyboard tray works well , but it arrived damaged . The packaging was n't very well done , and the product got slammed around a lot in shipping . Hey , it works but it would have been nice if corners were n't broken off .
 Ditto to the previous one-star review . Not only do you get just one pen , you ca n't even choose the color !! Very misleading listing .
 The description says 6ct , but you only receive one pen . You can go to your local office supply store and purchase one pen for $ 6.99 .
 If you do not have a COLORED HP laser printer , then DO NOT purchase this product because it is for COLORED HP laser printers ONLY !! I gave it one star because it is ONLY for HP laser printers and can not be used for other colored laser printers ! It is NOT for monochrome HP laser printers ! HP should invest technology so this product can be used with other brands of laser printers as they have done with their other paper product .
 We just opened this box of envelopes for office use only to find that they have obviously gotten wet at some time . All of the flaps are glued shut to the body of the envelope , which renders them unusable . Disappointed in this shipment.Edit
 The paper is very flimsy , and the lines are just way too narrow to be pratical . The price was only slightly lower than for other brands or from other companies . I should have paid the extra .
 The gum holding the paper and cardboard backing is not adequate ; the pads fall apart when used . The paper is thin , but ok .
 I received one of these as a gift recently . My first thought was `` this is exactly what I need . '' I often have to scramble from one city to another , often at the last minute and it 's easy to miss important meetings.If the software worked with Meeting Maker , I 'd be happy , but it does n't and for some reason when I convert from Meeting Maker to Outlook , the software hangs during the Outlook import . So basically , the thing is useless for me . Starfish and Xircom apparently have no interest in helping me out . Too bad , because it 's really a great idea , a small , inexpensive , essentially disposable gizmo with a lot of memory .
 Do yourself a favor and stay away from this phone . I agree with all of the other reviewers here in that the sound quality is terrible -LRB- even a few feet away I was having conversations garbled and cut off -RRB- , the design is poor , and worst of all the answering machine cuts off and loses messages . Almost all messages that are recorded are cut off half way and the machine also fails to record messages at all . I had the same experience as another reviewer in that I heard a message being recorded over the speaker , but when I went to play it back , the machine did n't record it . I got this phone as a gift but I will be going out to buy another one as soon as possible .
 Where do I start in my criticism of this product ? Well , I 've had messages that were totally garbled by `` digital static . '' The capacity on the answering machine is also quite limited . The phone part works sporadically if at all , and I got this as a Christmas gift -- so , in less than a year , the thing is now little more than a paperweight with LED lights . I only use the answering machine part now and have to use a traditional corded phone until I get another cordless because of the lack of quality workmanship in this hunk o ' junk . Please , do n't suffer my same frustration because this is financially a good deal . Spend just a little more -- it 'll be worth it .
 I HAD THE SAME PROBLEM AS THE PREVIOUS REVIEWER WITH THIS PHONE . MANY MESSAGES LEFT WERE SIMPLY NOT CAPTURED BY THE MACHINE .
 We have had this phone for under a year and has stopped the phone lines in the house . We had to have a -LSB- company -RSB- come to our house only to find out that our phone was faulty . After many phone calls to Casio we finally had a new phone shipped to our house to replace the faulty one . Within 6 months the phone went completely dead . We took it to a repair man and he said it was cheeper to buy a new phone because the phone would only die again . So in conclusion this phone is the worst purchase ever
 It just hangs on my small bulletin board , as my optical mouse does n't seem to work too well on the surface . The pointer will randomly jump all over the screen .
 As a long time user of PDA 's I loved everything about this unit . I even got use to quirky interface to enter data on the run . If you plan to sync with Outlook 98 or ACT 4.0 just forget it . It just does not work . I spent hours on the phone with tech support and could never get it to consistently being over my data in the correct format . The problem seemed to be all true sync related . Stick to Intellisync or Hot sync manager if you sync data on regular basis . Palm Pilot is still the best on the market but just wait for version 2 of HandSpring
 First thing - Amazon 's prices are great and their customer relations and complete guarantee satisfaction treatment is beyond reproach . I found this same item in retail stores @ $ 69.95 . This phone has features found on more expensive units but at an extreme quality cost . The three-line readout on the backlit LCD display is so small and so weakly displayed , so as to make it almost impossible to read . This was most annoying when checking out a caller and when trying to recall a memory location and information . The monitor alert is really an unnecessary gadget that is not found on any of the better quality cordless phones . Save your money on this one and look to a Uniden or Panasonic . You may pay a little more , but you will be well rewarded , especially on their LCD displays .
 Without remote access , a longer message recording time -LRB- why not a half hour ? -RRB- , and provision for more than one local area code , this seems rather limited and old-fashioned .
 All the useful features of the Casio Phonemate TA-119 Answering Machine and Speakerphone prompted me to purchase it and try it out . While most of the features would normally be useful they are very difficult to use.Programming the machine with multiple greetings using the greeting file was a difficult task thanks to the poorly worded and often confusing instructions . Switching from one greeting to another is even much more difficult . Switching the greetings evolves several steps and its actually easier to just record a new one each time the greeting needs to be changed . Furthermore , the greetings sound quality is very poor.One could find many of the same features as in this machine without the useless greetings file for much less . I would n't recommend this answering machine for this reason .
 sent me an email saying that it was processed and would be delivered and after 10 days I had to call the company for them to tell me that it was out of stock and it was n't coming.Very upset about the whole process . If item is out of stock it should say so on their website . Or at least notify people .
 Not a bad board . Works about as you would expect . However , the frame is not oak , but some stained softwood-looking thing . I would have given it 5 stars had they not lied about the material.By the way , I thought at first that the board was terrible , as I could not erase without a wet cloth . Turns out that Crayola chalk sucks ; I upgraded to Prang and now it 's happy .
 I could not get enough details about the style used in this book . It happened to be all wrong and different to how my nine year old had learned to write .
 No good , softeare does not wrok with window 7 , and there is not dial tone
 Although this is a pretty neat little device , but BEWARE it will definitely stop working after 2-3 months . Me and my friend got it some time back , and we both had the same problem . One day it just stopped working .
 I tried this after having used the D-Link DPH-50U devices , seeing that this looked like the same thing only cheaper . So needing a 3rd one I thought I 'd try it out and see if I could save money.Setup of the Eforcity is very easy . It uses Skypemate software to link with Skype and their isnt really anything to do exept put the cd in and install it . The cd came with the latest drivers on it.However , the audio quality with this device is subpar . Their is a constant static in the backround , it is a soft persistant noise that is annoying . You can still hear voices fine , they are not garbled , but that backround static noise gets bothersome . Compared to the D-Link DPH-50U which is crystal clear I will pay the extra $ 20 for the D-Link one.I swaped this Eforcity device out with the D-Link one so I know it wasnt a computer or network issue.I would recommend spending the extra $ 20 for the D-Link version or some other one without the static . Make sure if you are behind a firewall or NAT router of any kind that you port forward your router for skype , or else skype will use your web browsers default port 80 or 443 , though skype is designed to work without port forwarding -LRB- NAT transversal -RRB- it will sound terrible no matter what device you use .
 The product works fine . I had troubles of my own making but we worked through them . It seems to be working fine and the price is reasonable .
 The item did not work as described for making an international call . It was easily returned and reimbursement was issued quickly .
 My son is a UI Developer and he remotely tried to get this to work on my computer and I worked on it for 4 days and we could n't get it to do VoIP calls no matter what we did or added to upgrade the drivers . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN
 I 've lost two of these within weeks of installation , the first after three weeks and the second after two . Symptom is that it stops ringing the phone , then a day later it fails to produce dialtone nor transmit audio to the host PC . I 've checked the USB port voltage , no problems . We do n't connect the box directly to our house telco line -LRB- only to a phone and to the PC -RRB- , so the trouble is not due to line disturbances -LRB- e.g. , lightning -RRB- . I 'm switching to another vendor 's product , as this one appears to be too fragile a design to survive actual use in the real world . Too bad , as it works nicely at first .
 Product reliability became unpredictable shortly after writing this review . Then - more misses than hits . Can no longer recommend for Windows 7 users.Let me start be saying , contrary to some reviewers , that it is possible , using the current Skypemate software , to make outgoing calls with your cordless phone using the windows 7 system and the current Skypemate software . After loading the software from the disc you need to go to windows control panel and activate HARDWARE AND SOUND . From the SOUND menu click on `` manage audio device '' . From the playback tab click on USB AUDIO DEVICE . This will enable sound through your phone . Otherwise the audio will continue throour computer speakers and your phone will be mute . To initiate a call from your phone after activating Skype , you will need to turn on your phone as you would to start a call , then dial * 001 + area code + number + # . If you 're thinking that 's a pain in the ... as I do , you can simply dial out through Skype directly by using your Skype contact settings . Make sure you activate your phone first by clicking on the * key on your phone . For some technical reason it takes almost a minute to connect through the adapter this way , as opposed to seconds using Skype directly . Once connected , the sound quality on the phone was as good as the computer speakers . You can also edit your current phone contacts to dial directly by inserting * 001 + area code in front of the number and # at the end . Windows 7 will automatically re-configure sound back through the computer speakers when the adapters USB plug is disconnected.I was within minutes of returning this unit after several failed attempts and much frustating trial and error . I can not comment on incoming calls , as I use my cell phone for that purpose and do not have a Skype number.I hope this helps others working within the same parameters . Good luck .
 this item is outdated and will not work with skype 5.0 they send you old software dont wast your time or money !
 I spent alot of time researching to find a product that does what this states it does . That being said , When I saw that this item received 4 out of 5 stars from 59 reviews , I thought I was fairly safe.Shipping of the item was great ! So I received the item and was happy to set things up . I had Skype and wanted to use it as a home phone to take some pressure from our cell phones.Hoping that it would plug and play was WAY too optimistic . The setup disk would n't even work for me , I had to go online and download the Skypemate program that is required to make this product work.This product works in conjunction with Skype and Skypemate together and unfortunately the trio do n't work as planned.I spent hours setting up , configuring , uninstalling , reinstalling and reasearching to get this to `` work '' . I ended up settling for having to dial out using the skype program on my computer . Then it works fairly well . Every once in a while it will drop a call , but I 'm not entirely sure that 's the fault of this product and not my internet.Unfortunately I 've found out that when I turn my computer off , or reboot my computer for any reason . My settings get screwed up , and I have to go into the program and reset them AGAIN !! That 's not what I was looking for !! While researching , I found out that this is made in China -LRB- not surprising -RRB- , but there is no US support for it . No phone numbers to call for help , you are on your own . So make your choice knowing that nobody will help you , except maybe a fourm board with someone having the same problems.Skype should have something similar to purchase on their site , but that might cut into their phone sales . It 's a shame that they do n't see how big the market could be for a properly working product . While searching , I found one made by Motorola , but there is no information anywhere on it .
 This product is not supported for windows XP.I was unable to get it to work due to the lack of XP drivers .
 This is a great adapter except the life span is short . The 2nd one that I purchased has just shot craps at 13 months . The first one I purchased , I believe , lasted for 10 months . Bummer .
 Pros - Works great for voice calls , if you do n't mind downgrading to older software.Cons - Ca n't dial from phone with latest software -LRB- Skype 5.3 SkypeMate 5.0.0.3 -RRB- Need to run Skype 4.0.0.226 , SkypeMate 4.0.2.2 or use the on screen Skype phone dialer . - DTMF does not work , at least not under the older software listed above . Can not successfully enter a 6 digit passcode from the phone . Ca n't enter it through the Skype dialpad either . This used to work for me using a headset under Skype 5.3 . But having this unit attached and hooked to a regular phone degrades the dialpad . You can hear some of the tones are clear and long enough while others are too short and some do not make a sound at all.Bottom Line - If you just need to make voice calls this unit is fine . But if you need to use any kind of phone menu system that requires DTMF -LRB- touchtones -RRB- , forget it , it does n't work for that.UPDATE : With the latest version of SkypeMate -LRB- 5.0.0.4 -RRB- , I only have to downgrade to Skype 5.1.0.112 in order to dial from the phone . Sadly , DTMF still does n't work .
 This product works with Skype but the problem is that if you have several phone , like a 5 phone cordless system , it will ring the other phones while you are taking a call . If someone picks up that call , it will drop your call . If that was n't an issue , I would likely have rave reviews for this item and sell it to most of our business client , FYI we are an IT Support company . We wanted a simple small business VOIP solution for Skype but this item failed at that , as most have unfortunately . It 's said when something that is obvious does n't work intuitively .
 This product is listed as `` Connects home phone to network '' . This is misleading . It should say , `` Connects home phone to computer '' . I wanted a product that connected to the network directly . I can use Skype through my computer if I want , but I wanted something that did n't need my computer . This product is n't it . It plugs directly into your USB on your computer and nothing else.What 's the point of this thing if I have to plug it into my computer ? I still have to keep my computer up and running all the time if I want a home phone for skype . Therefore , this thing is useless for my needs .
 This device takes control of the speakers , I can not listen radio from internet when the device is connected . I would like it to work without affecting other programs/devices . I could not use it with VOIPStunt software . It only works with skype -LRB- using skypemate software included in the package -RRB-
 This type of USB to RJ-11 converter is a relatively new item -LRB- just the last few years -RRB- . I 've come to learn it takes at least 4 years for such new technologies to get the bugs worked out of them.I purchased this device because I wanted to cancel my POTS landline -LRB- Verizon -RRB- and use Skype in my home exclusively . This adapter is designed to let you use Skype ALONG with a regular landline . The result is that if you do n't have a landline to plug into this device -LRB- and try using only Skype -RRB- it will not work . The Enforcity adapter uses your landline dialtone as a foundation to make Skype calls ... you pick up your regular house phone and hit '' * '' to switch to Skype calling . The problem is , if you do n't have a landline that generates a dial tone , the device wo n't allow you to dial anything , let alone '' * '' in order to engage Skype . So basically , you still need landline service in order to make this thing work.Another issue is receiving calls . When a call comes in via Skype , you do n't hear it ring . The device does NOT generate a ring signal that will make your phone ring when a call comes in . So , if you 're not near your computer , you wo n't know that a call is coming in.There are also a few issues with `` Skypemate '' regarding sound settings . Once it configures Skype to work through your RJ-11 connection , switching back to regular - through your computer speakers & mic - is a pain . Unplugging the USB cord will not change this , you have to go into your sound settings , reconfigure them - and then restart your computer before Skype will work normally -LRB- through your computer speakers -RRB- again.I did manage to get the device working after hooking up a POTS line and making all the configurations - and it sounded pretty good . Still , I doubt I will use this converter because there are just too many limitations for my needs.An addendum to this review after having the unit for about a week : DO N'T buy this unit , it eventually becomes a paperweight -LRB- I tried reducing my rating to one star but apparently Amazon wo n't allow it -RRB- . The software bugs are so problematic as to eventually make the unit worthless -LRB- sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't -RRB- . I now understand what one of the other reviewers said about the device ceasing to work after a while . It comes from the basically useless software . `` Skypemate '' is VERY buggy . Sometimes it lets you dial directly from your phone , sometimes it stops working and only lets you dial from your computer -LRB- probably because of glitches with your PC 's sound settings -RRB- . I really should return the unit , but frankly I 'm too lazy and will just eat the $ 30 I paid . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Avoid this product if you 're intending to dial out from your phone/handset . This device has an issue with the current version of Skype that does not allow it to properly dial out.On the positive side , setup and configuration are pretty straightforward . Everything actually works well once you 're dialed out , you just have to dial out directly from the Skype client itself instead of from a phone.The problem is that Skype does n't ` reset ' properly after a call is terminated and does n't clear out the previous number dialed . As a result , when you go to dial the next time , the previous number is still there and gets dialed instead.Upon research , this is a common problem and the only solution seems to be to revert back to a very old version of Skype -LRB- not ideal -RRB- .
 I got this setup and it 's working great , but I 'm only giving it one star because of all of the hassles I went though that I do n't think an average customer will want to bother with.Yes you can use this to make and receive phone calls from both Skype and your landline with the same phone , and if you want you can get rid of your landline and just use Skype with just a plain phone . However , you 'll have to leave your computer on all of the time and you 'll have to use an old version of Skype -LRB- based on an other reviewers comments , I 'm using version 3.8.0.188 -RRB- . Two problems previous reviews brought up :1 -RRB- `` you have to connect it to your landline in order for it to work , so you ca n't just use Skype '' -LRB- or something like that -RRB- This is n't correct.The device has two phone connections , one for your landline and one for your telephone . You use the * key on your phone to switch between landline and USB -LRB- i.e. Skype -RRB- . The phone must somehow get its power from the telephone connection on the device , and if the device is configured to route your landline to your phone , it has to get power from your landline connection . If you do n't have an active landline plugged in , the phone wo n't have power to send a * key signal and so you wo n't be able to switch over to USB/Skype . However , the program that the device uses to interface with Skype -LRB- the program 's called SkypeMate -RRB- has a setting that allows you to choose USB as the default connection . So after you do that , the phone will receive power from the USB connection and it 'll work just fine w/o any landline connection.Took a bit to figure this out . The bare-bones manual was of no help.I 've got a cable phone-modem that connects to my house 's phone wiring . So what I 've done is to connect the cable phone-modem to the landline connection on the device and connect the device 's telephone connection to my house 's phone wiring . The device -LRB- along with the SkypeMate program -RRB- will automatically route incomming landline or Sklype calls to my phones , so my house phones ring when either Skype or a cable phone-modem call comes in . And when calling out , I 've got USB/Skype set to be the default device , so I just dial whatever number I want -LRB- just like normal -RRB- and I call out on Skype . Or I can press * and the device switches to landline and I call out on my cable phone-modem . I 'm going to try this for a few months and see if my family can live with just Skype . If we can , I 'll get rid of my cable phone-modem and save a few dollars .2 -RRB- the $ & % * @ # $ SkypeMate program does n't work with the latest version of Skype -LRB- 5.0.0.152 -RRB- SkypeMate is the program that comes with the device and passes on phone numbers from the device to Skype when you place a call from your phone . You also use it to set the few settings available to you , and it probably does a few more things . However , it 's not a program provided by Skype , but rather a third party program that is supposed to work with Skype . The bad news is that it apparently is n't well supported because I could n't find any version of SkypeMate that works with my latest version of Skype . Based on a previous reviewers comments that he was able to get it to work with version 3.8 , I installed version 3.8.0.188 on my house sever and got it to work . However , I would n't want to have done this with my main PC as you lose a lot of nifty Skype features by reverting to an old version . And I suppose there 's a privacy issue with having a second computer with an active history of my Skype text conversations.I 'm only giving this device a 1 star because SkypeMate does n't work with the latest version of Skype , which indicates to me that this product is no longer being actively supported . If you want to deal with the hassles of using an old version of Skype -LRB- one solution being having a 2nd computer dedicated to running the old version of Skype -RRB- and the potential problem of this not working one day for some unforeseen software compatibility problem , then this is a great device for a very cheap price . But if you want a bullet-proof easy to use product , this unfortunately is n't it.Happy trails .
 ** My experience regarding this item was both frustrating and time consuming . I was optimistic when I purchased this item , but it quickly disappeared shortly after it arrived . This item not only was completely ineffective , it crashed and ` froze ' my computer each of the many times I installed and uninstalled the software.The box itself is nothing more than a plastic container filled with frustration and cheaply produced electronics which fail to perform the simplest tasks.In my view , this item needs to left on the shelf in favor of a more productive adapter . **
 When we first bought this device , everything worked fine for a few weeks . Then the phone stopped ringing and you could no longer dial out with the phone , only from the computer . You could make calls from the computer , but since the phone did n't ring , you could n't receive calls . Now , about a year later , we ca n't even dial out . There 's no dial tone at all . I have n't been able to fix it , so I will have to throw it out and start over .
 I just wasted four hours of my life.SkyMate SW is obviously NOT working with Skype properly .1 -RRB- When I set it up , selected USB port as default , than anytime I pressed Talk button it started sounding Alarm tone . No way to turn it off .2 -RRB- When tried to dial , some digits were duplicated .3 -RRB- Went on web trying to find solution , per recommendation upgraded SkyMate to newest version , downgraded Skype to 3.8 which turned out does not work with Win7 64-bit . It does not work with any Skype version for me .4 -RRB- Apparently does not work without landline connection , which I do not have .5 -RRB- Misleading information in manual , such as which website has latest driver.Nice idea , but extremely poor execution . Would buy when they fix this , which I doubt -LRB- Chinese mfg. -RRB- Do n't waste your life .
 I need to return this item . The problem is that it must be plugged into a phone line as well as the computer USB connection . What is the point ? I need something that does not require a phone line . Further , I am disappointed that there were no cables included with this item and no return or other information in the package . Driver was on a disk that does not install . If not for window 's ability to detect and install drivers , I would have had to track it down . I can not tell you how well it works because I can not install it without the phone line . Overall , very disappointing !
 Unfortunately nearly all hardware needs software to work . In this case the hardware does what it claims but is let down by the quirky software you must use `` skypeMate '' .
 I tried using this device for my Intel Core 2 Duo Mac running OS X 10.6.3 . I installed the SkyMacMate 1.0.0.12 software -LRB- PPC -RRB- provided by the manufacturer , which runs under Apple 's Rosetta . I plugged in my phone , ran Skype , and got a dial tone . I tried dialing , but could n't make a connection . Maybe I needed to configure something else , or I did n't dial properly , but I gave up . Other reports I found on the web say that the product does n't work for Mac OS , as the software inevitably locks up the CPU . When I came back to the computer a few hours later , I found a few kernel processes running out of control , and I had to reboot . Luckily , I found that a Bluetooth headset works seamlessly with Skype , so I went with that . Although I 'd prefer to use the better microphone of a handset , it did n't look like I 'd get the product to work with my Mac . I might invest instead in a Jawbone headset , which may have the best microphone sound .
 It is not easy to get CLEAR and EASY set-up instructions to avoid total disappointment of the product 's inability to adapt as a transitional device to keep the functions of your normal land-line phones compatible.The settings from one 's PC and the settings of the Skype network failed to create a constant compatible expectation for normal use.It either would receive or not receive a call or fail to function incoming or outgoing calls as expected . It worked than stopped working . It probably works but there is no particular set-up plan to bring the devices into a normal telephone network and no skype support that gives credible remedies or solutions . It is a , ` Houston I think WE have a problem ' and Houston responds with ... ?? It is not a We thing project . You are all alone.Good luck.Thomas USA
 This product did not work . Tried many options to get it to work but just wasted a lot of time . I returned it .
 This was a waste of time for me because it never worked properly with my phone . I am above average with computers , but could never make this work properly with my Windows XP computer . Technical support was dismal . I am returning it today .
 crashing with Vista and have no solution to fix it so far , it makes all other qualities as a good sound and low cost ... wasted money ...
 I have been using this adapter for several months now . The installation was pretty easy . However , like the user who gave it two stars , I am experiencing background static . Unlike that user , however , this static is loud enough to drown-out the voices on calls . This makes the phone almost useless . The static can not be heard on the other end of the conversation , just on mine .
 Been using this on a Mac for a about 7 mos . Works about 75 % of the time . Mic will randomly mute . Software crashes with restart . Will not work with latest Skype . -LRB- Only 2.8 or earlier -RRB- . I would skip it .
 If you have money and time to burn this is the unit for you . Directions were terrible , you had to dial a series , yes I mean series of numbers to call out on Skype . Totally worthless.And no I am not the type of person who does n't like things and writes nasty reviews , trust me , flush your money down a rat hole before buying this worthless piece of junk . I am VERY disappointed Amazon is selling this worthless item.I never could make a call out , I did receive a couple of calls in . HOURS spent and what a waste of a product.Price looks good , now you know why .
 Does not function as advertised . Dial from handset does not work . Using tones to access automated help does not work .
 Product does not work with a mac , software causes entire system to crash . Stay away .
 I had mine for about a year , barely used , before it slowly got louder and louder . When I took it apart I noticed that it had plastic gears which were ground down to almost nothing . Now , when I see Aurora shredders , the words `` planned obsolescence '' run through my head . You might want to pass on these guys .
 I bought one of these and it lasted barely a year . Just enough to be out of warranty . I used it infrequently for small shredding jobs such as credit card statements . Do n't waste your money .
 I was very happy when I got this shredder . It was n't very loud and it did a great job ! About six months later , it just died . I mean , it made a lot of noise and would shred 1/4 '' of the sheets and keep making noise but not take any more paper in.As I shook it a little , I could clearly hear that there was some loose part rattling in there . I thought that was due to me moving it from the old place , although I remember clearly that it still worked for a month or so after I moved.Now that I read the previous reviews , I understand what probably happened . With the gears made out of plastic , the loose piece would probably have become loose no matter what . I also feel cheated , as people say theirs lasted for a year , which is about twice as long as mine did ! Unfortunately , due to my move , I lost the receipt , so I could n't really try to get a replacement or refund . : -LRB-
 This machine has trouble shredding credit cards and more than 6 sheets of paper . If you have alot to sred this is not the machine for you .
 1 . The crosscut is very coarse that the printing can be read by people who will scrutinize the shredded paper . The identity can be stolen .2 . The sound of the shredding is not very pleasing to the ears .3 . I can not just drop the paper to be shredded at the teeth of the shredded . It has to be precisely aimed to the opening of the shredder to start schredding .
 It is just a cheap thin piece of plastic . Slides around everywhere and is just useless . A piece of paper works better than this ... DO NOT BUY !
 This is truly one of the most frustrating pieces of useless junk I 've ever worked with . No wonder HP is in financial trouble . The drivers provided by HP are totally useless . Called up their `` help '' line and got the old `` you got ta pay cause your warranty expired '' runaround . ALL I wanted was the info on where to get some useable drivers . The CD containing those supposed drivers is uninstallable . In XP , the OS keeps looking for a file called '' hpf600.inf . Guess what . No such file exists anywhere . The drivers for the thing are not in the XP driver library either . This thing is far more of a pain in the butt than it 's worth . It does n't even make a good paper weight.Avoid it and HP like the plague .
 I bought this copier/printer new a few years ago and used it a few times only as a copier . I recently tried to use it as a printer with a computer . Since it was out of warranty there should be online help , right ? No driver downloads , no chat support , no forums . Only a CD driver to purchase and wait a week for delivery . The CD driver took two weeks and would n't install , and HP refused to help with that . When I got the CD/driver to work myself , the copier window first said cartridges were empty even though they were new . The machine then said bad printheads , even though they had hardly been used . I wasted a good deal of money on this , and worse , HP 's technical support , customer service and escalation team were as arrogant as they could be in refusing any help at all , even though I offered to pay for it . The only courteous person was reassigned off of my case . HP 's products , support and attitude are simply horrific . No more HP products for me .
 We bought this item new for our office a little over 11/2 years ago for $ 550 -LRB- the cheapest price we could find it for at the time -RRB- and it served us well , up until it quit working . The copies are a little slow , but it does have many helpful functions etc. . I am giving it only two stars because even though it was so versatile and met all our needs it lasted less than two years and cost us $ 550 . -LRB- That 's over $ 275/year !!! -RRB-
 Nothing but problems with this 610 . Have purchasedendless printheads at about $ 36.00 each . Great when it works , which is not very often . Very expensive to keep running.Am replacing the unit after less than two years . Notdependable .
 I bought this machine a little over two years ago mainly for the features . Paid about $ 600 for it . After about a 1-1/2 years , copies began having white streaks in them , and then nothing . Copier would eject the paper , but nothing was being printed . Ran the self test and the print page came out great . Tried a few more cleanings etc and finally an error message came up `` IDS failure , call HP '' . I did and they were absolutely no help . Finally gave up and found a local repair shop . Turns out one of the colour print heads was faulty . Cost me another $ 150 to repair . Why did the copier not tell me the head was needing replacing . I could have done it for 1/3 the cost of what I paid to get it repaired . Six months later , noticed the streaks again , but this time I replaced the ink cartridge first as it was empty . After another $ 45 , same problem ... white pages only being ejected . Ran the system check this time and I get the IDS - Ink Deliver System error on all print heads , but no error message saying so on the display . Do I replace all the print heads at a cost of $ 250 or do I get another copier . I chose another brand of copier .
 My experience has been that the reproduction quality for color photos is good . The print is mediocre and does not compare to laser . The cost of the cartridges is prohibitive . The shelf life of the cartridges is very short , mine last about 60 days . You can not use 3rd party cartridges , you can not refill existing cartridges . I estimate it costs about $ 7 per color copy . I stopped using because it makes no sense to continue using it . It is now a very expensive paper weight . I would not purchase it again . I have found Brother and Samsung to be better choices .
 We bought a 610 about 2 years ago and can quite decidely say it 's the worse and most expensive piece of # @ $ % & that we have ever had the misfortune to deal with . For starters , the size of the cartridges was a bit of a shock , as it has to be the smallest cartridge that HP put together , their old 190 , 170 , and 310 cartridges are at least 2 or 3 times the size of this one . That in itself would n't be so bad but you have to use genuine HP cartridges that cost around 60-70 dollars a set , HP puts a small chip on their cartridge that makes it extremely hard to use third party ink supplies . They oughta be sued for that nasty little trick . And to add insult to injury the cartridges have a very short expiration date , even if you use them lightly , the machine pops up with `` Replace cartridges '' error message , after just a couple months ! And do n't forget the printheads , they have their own built in expiration date , you have the same story there , for about $ 120 per set.So after the initial dismay we got over it and after about 2 months it would n't do a thing , just sat there and said `` replace printheads '' . We shelled out and replaced and had the same story . So we called up the merry-go-round that passes for HP tech support and guess what , they stink even worse than the machine they support . I knew India has a bad rep when it comes to quality , but the techs ca n't even speak proper english , and their communication is absolutely awful , it sounds like they 're speaking from inside a pail or barrel . But we DID get it replaced finally and the new one did the same thing , after a month or two , PLUS we have to reset it every time it gets tired of working . Also , the bottom is soaked with ink for some reason , probably a leak or something , making a terrible mess . We have since got a different machine and this one is n't used much now , anymore it basically sits there ticking me off every time I look at it . In conclusion , we 've spent close to $ 300 after the purchase price and I think it 's the worse -LRB- and the most expensive -RRB- disappointment HP ever made , not at all the legendary HP quality we 're used to , especially not for $ 500 . I know in the future I will avoid HP all-in-ones like the plague .
 The book is of marginal utility if you have never heard about correct use of spaces , or if the terms em and en dash are foreign to you.If , however , you work at a more advanced level than that of a raw beginner , save yourself some money and buy a proper manual of typography . `` The PC ... '' is , for my money , a manual on the creation of a few special characters and effects in the software of the early 1990s . If you still use Wordperfect 5.0 , by all means , buy the book . Otherwise , skip it .
 I 'm surprised so many people have bought into Robin Williams 's edict that two spaces after the end of a sentence -LRB- and after a colon -RRB- is somehow no longer necessary . In fact , a single space in a proportionally spaced font is quite narrow , compared to a single space in a monospaced font where every character is the same width.Typing with proportionally spaced fonts started with the advent of the IBM Executive typewriter back in the 1950 's . Though the machines used individual type bars and not a unified font `` element , '' characters came in varying widths . The machines had a split space bar giving either a wide or a narrow space . The wide space -LRB- left thumb -RRB- was used after a sentence or after a colon . The narrow space -LRB- right thumb -RRB- was used between words in a sentence , after a comma or semicolon.I really do n't care what typesetters do or do n't do . I 'm a secretary . When I see MSWord documents printed out where the typist has used a single space between sentences , it looks crowded and is more difficult to read , and I always infer the typist never learned the rules of typing.I also note that I am a constant reader . I just got through reading the latest Sue Grafton mystery novel `` T is for Trespass , '' in hard binding . So I grabbed the book to check the spacing between sentences and , lo and behold , the spacing between sentences -LRB- after a period , question mark , exclamation point or closing quotation mark -RRB- is double the spacing between words within the sentence , and it looks exactly right that way . Typesetters do , in fact , use more space between sentences than between words within a sentence , which is why properly trained typists have done it forever and still do , Ms. Williams revisionist rules notwithstanding.The PC may not be a typewriter , but the vast majority of the rules typists have always followed still apply . What 's changed is those things you could n't do on typewriters . Underscoring replaced italicizing things such as titles of books , because typewriters could n't shift into italics . Now , when using a word processing program , we can italicize , so we should no longer be using underscoring instead . Typewriters had hyphens , but not dashes , so , once upon a time , when typing , we had to use a double hyphen for a dash with no spacing around it , or , alternatively , a hyphen with a space on either side of it . Now we can actually use n-dashes and m-dashes as appropriate . -LRB- Though , unfortunately , nowadays I sometimes see dashes used when a hyphen is called for , such as in the middle of a local phone number . -RRB- I admit , I 'm old school . I still spell `` restaurateur '' without an `` n '' in it when almost everyone is using `` restauranteur , '' which did n't used to be a word . I do n't think `` alright '' is all right . Strange as it has always been , I still spell `` supersede '' without a `` c '' in it . And I still put two spaces between sentences when typing , because a single space is n't enough , and I do n't like this book for suggesting otherwise .
 After two months , this phone stopped working . It was returned to Panasonic Repair and we received a notice thirty days later saying that the phone was back ordered and delivery would be in 6-8 weeks . This is not customer service . Panasonic should have refunded the purchase price or offered a comparable or better phone . When called today to check on status of order , answer was basically `` tough luck . '' Never again , Panasonic . Amazon should discontinue this brand .
 This phone did not work . I called the Panasonic service center and was told that items bought on Amazon did not have a warranty since Amazon was not an approved retailer . Finally was able to get a return voucher which I did not use since the additional mailing charge would have almost equalled what I had already paid for the phone .
 I bought this phone twice and both times after several months had problems with it . A phone should be able to last at least 5 years not have problems after 7 months . This time the problem is the speaker phone is not working well . So twice bought and twice had problems within 1 year . How can I recommend this phone ?
 This is a great phone if you only need a basic phone . I am partially at fault in not doing enough research on this phone . I ca n't blame the mfg for advertising it incorrectly . I was under the impression that the mfg should have stated that this phone does n't have caller id . It has a display that I thought was mainly for displaying the caller id information . It was a bit deceiving to me that the phone would n't have caller id in this day and age . I also do n't think a clock is an option that should have been added before caller id . The speaker phone worked well but , as in just about most of the phones I have used , speaker phones do n't work well because the mfg 's try to cut cost and use some cheap microphone for the speaker phone system . They also place the mic on the phones to make it hard for the mics to pick up.This is overall a pretty good phone system it just was n't right for what I needed it for . I need to have a phone with speaker phone , flash , caller ID and specifically a headset jack . If this phone would have had caller ID , I would have rated it a 5 .
 This phone lasted about 2 years . Then the socket for a headset stopped working . The sound quality remains less than mediocre and my family refuses to use it . Avoid . I have had older models and they lasted nearly 10 years . Panasonic should be ashamed of itself .
 Terrible service , Terrible phones . DO NOT GET anything PANASONIC . Called support and was transfered around the world before they said they would call me back , They DID NOT . Purchased another phone and they worked on first try .
 I tried twice to like this phone , both times the ringer gave out after a few months . Tried the cordless and found the overall quality of PANASONIC has gone downhill ... fast.Pros
 I almost never write reviews , but now I am annoyed.Overall , a satisfactory two line phone . The display is not readable from a sitting position . This , however , is generally ok , since the phone lacks caller ID . Why anyone would design a phone with a display but no caller ID circuit is a mystery to me -LRB- how much could they save ? $ 1 on the chip ??? -RRB- . I did n't realize that the phone did n't have caller ID , in fact , it never occurred to me to look to see.Its best features are that it has two lines , the sound is clear , and conference and hold options work well.Its less good features are that it does not have caller ID , and has fewer features than most cordless phones , certainly less features than cordless phones that have two lines .
 The top of this pad had a lot of places where there didnt seem to be any glue or anything holding it down causing it to look buckled and in need of glue out of the box . The end facing the front was opened up -LRB- no glue -RRB- allowing you to see the cardboard between the front and back mats . If I had known this is what I would receive I would have NOT purchased this product . Not worth half the price ...
 The fake leather is definitely fake . The first one I received , the packaging was damaged , and the pad was torn on the left side . I returned it for another and got the same thing back , except this time the pad was torn on the right . You could tell by look and feel that this thing was cheap and poorly made . Do not waste your time buying this as I have .
 Do not buy this product - the imitation leather padArtistic Products 413861 Executive Desk Pad , Leather-Like , 20 x 36 Inchesemits a very unpleasant odor that you ca n't get to go away .
 had that horrible plastic smell - could n't get rid of it - wound up throwing it in the garbage - DO N'T BUY THIS
 Warning -- the surface of this pad does not work well with an optical mouse ; you will likely need to use a mouse pad .
 You will be disappointed with this desk pad ! It 's poorly constructed ! One trip to your local arts & craft store , I am confident that anyone can do a better job constructing one with better materials . THIS ITEM HAS A VERY BAD ODOR . I REPEAT - THIS ITEM HAS A VERY BAD ODOR . The only way to get rid of the smell permanently is to throw it in the garbage.The only reason I gave this a 1 star rating was because that 's the lowest I can go on Amazon , It does n't deserve a star.Don ' t waste your time buying this product . I should 've purchased a more expensive one at Staples !
 Lasted for about 6 months of light home usage , rubber top started to peel lose from the stiff backer material . I would n't even give this one star . Send this crap back to China where it belongs .
 Hello , I am still waiting to receive my item , but today OCTOBER 7TH it is not possible . Please , let me know the name of the person who have received at BM CARGO at Miami to find it . I feel very unsastified with this purchase !!
 It is described by the seller as a `` Flat clinch standard stapler '' . No mention is made that it is only a `` half strip '' stapler as is clearly marked on the box when you receive it . Leaving `` half strip '' out of the description leads the buyer , like me , to believe you are getting a stardard full length stapler . This is only a half stip , so do not make the mistake of comparing it to other full strip staplers . If you compare to other short half strip staplers , you will find that other sellers offer a better deal .
 The quality of the paper is great , but definitely not white - it is much warmer . As this was purchased for product photography , it is unusable for my purposes . I also wish they had made this clear .
 way to clunky , and no where near rigid enough . Tore too easily etc. ... wasnt terrible but would not buy again or recommend .
 The paper was described as `` white '' and the photo was white , but the one I received was off-white , not even close to looking like the photo . When I contacted the seller , they were going to allow me to return , but would not refund shipping . I do not think that was fair considering they either sent me the wrong item , or did n't describe it correctly . The $ 5 refund they offered does not change the color of the paper that I need for my business.I am very unhappy with my purchase , and I will never purchase from Adorama Camera again . I would suggest confirming the color before you purchase any backdrop paper from them .
 To use Avery 's DVD film labels is realize that
 Was very disappointed in the amount of sheets you receive for the price.Highly over rated in my book .
 I bought these labels to put on my DVD discs so I would n't have to write on them with a magic marker . One time I was writing on discs and stacking them not realizing the magic marker transfered to the disc above . So I decided to use labels instead . I could only find matte surface for the template I was using so I gave them a try . I use a nice inkjet printer from Canon which prints photos great but on this label it just prints so so , but it was still better than magic marker . After doing about 15 discs I needed to get info from one of the discs so I put it in the computer and started to hear weird noises coming from my DVD player . The disc never was recognized by the computer and I could not get it out . I called Tech Support and they helped me to get it out . The tech said it was not the first time he had to help someone with this problem . I thought it was just the computer so I decided to try the DVD player with a show I recorded from TV and it made noises also but played OK for a while and then stopped . I thought I missed the end of Amazing Race . I took the label off very carefully and the disc played fine . So I took all the labels off my discs and made new ones to put on the slim jewel cases , no sense throwing them away . I now use Lightscribe Discs which I could only get to work on my Mac burning software not not on my PC .
 I actually bought two HP 17Bii + 's - one for home and the other for work . Funny thing is , I 'm seeing completely different defects on each one . My work HP , for instance , has trouble with the # 0 key - you really need to watch the repeater to make sure it 's getting all the digits . My home HP ? Already crashed dead - twice - requiring me to reset and lose all my formulas . Without the reliability , I ca n't recommend this product .
 This is by far the worst calculator I have ever used . HP should be ashamed of putting out such a product.I live in England and the shop was kind enough to exchange it for me ... thrice !! Then I gave up and hunted down the trusty old HP17BII.The key pad did not work each time with a different key . First the # 4 then # 0 and finally the = HP should either shut down its calculator business or come up with something useful.In short PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT GO FOR THE OLD HP17BII .
 When I purchased this model , I was really excited about buying my first professional calculator . It turns out that the keyboard does n't work reliably - even when you hear the key click . Also , the key clicks are really noisy and cheap-sounding ... more so that any calculator I have ever used .
 -- After a little longer trial I still experienced many keystrokes not registering - I am returning the unit and looking for a 17bii -LRB- not the '' + '' -RRB- ------------------ As an update , you can tell from my below review I was upset about the keystrokes not registering - I do however , very much like the new design of this calculator , so I have decided to give it a little longer trial period . The `` 3 '' key was a problem and after repeatedly pressing it I noticed I could n't get it to not register again , so I am hoping that repeated use may help the problem . I will give an update on the outcome . ---------------- I have had this unit for 5 days - I read the other reviews about keystrokes not registering and was hoping this problem was fixed - it has happened to me many times already . This is a huge problem when you are using the calculator for your job when clients depend on you . If you do n't catch the mistake that results from a non-registering keystroke it can be costly . This is a beautiful calculator , too bad they did such a poor job with the keys . I own a 17bII and bought this as a second unit to carry with me when away from the office . I will be returning the 17bII + and looking for a used 17bII to replace it . One would think the newer model would be an improvement , not the case here .
 I made the mistake of disregarding the reviews and ordered the calculator . The second day I had it , it would not turn on . I will just return it . Next time , I will pay more attention to negative reviews .
 I am very disappointed . This is just not the same quality as what a HP calculators used to be . The case and keys feels like they are made of cheap plastic -LRB- one that used in plastic poons and forks -RRB- . I agree it looks nice but try holding it and use it.In my case , one of the key did not even work . I had to press and kept the pressure on for 1 second to get the calculator to pick up the stroke . Luckily I paid a bit more for it from a good dealer in Hong Kong and they let me have a replacement the second day I took it back -LRB- not to be taken for granted in this part of world -RRB- . As the product is so badly made , I found I have to look at the LCD every time I press a key to make sure what I pressed actually got picked up ! Is HP going the cheap way now ?
 Mine stopped working after 3 weeks . I 'm sure HP 's reputation will be seriously hurt by the poor quality of their new models . They should fire the guys who apparently made the decision to compromise quality for lower costs.The best thing about this calculator is the solver function , which lets you store user-defined functions . If it was n't for that , this calculator would be way behind the TI BAII + in my opinion.I like the menu-driven interface , the efficient keystrokes , and the solver function . The HP17BII + seems to lack some of the statistical functionality of the TI BAII + . Curiously , it is missing some very basic stat functions , like population standard deviation.If it was n't for the quality problems , I would have given it 4 stars .
 Defective right out of the box . Dont waste your money . Number 4 key does not work . What a waste of time . Wait 2 weeks , defective right out of the box and now have to return it ?
 Please note I have always been a fan of HP calculators and did not take the reviews seriously about this product having a lot of defects . Sure enough after waiting for a week and a half my new HP 17BII arrived from Amazon and the 4 key does not work . It is intermittent no matter how hard you press on it . Called HP tech support this is a known product defect . So unless you can use a calculator without a 4 key dont waste your time on this product.What a waste of time having to pack it up and return it ... pay attention to the reviews HP is aware of all the problems with this calculator .
 BAD QUALITY , BAD FEELING , TRY TO BUY A USED 17Bii OLD VERSION .
 I 've had this calculator for a couple of years and I 'm frustrated with the sticky keys . At times you may need to press a key a couple of times before it registers . This restricts you from keying-in fast . I 've had an HP 19B for 10 years until the casing broke . The 19B was a fantastic calculator . This 17B was the replacement and I 'm not satisfied at all .
 The calculator is very easy to use and is much faster than my HP 12C . Unfortunately the two CR2032 batteries died within one month of light use . This is not an isolated incident , many of my classmates are having the same problem . Unless you carry spare batteries around , I would suggest you use any calculator than this one .
 I liked the look of the calculator , which is why I bought it in the first place . But I have two big complaints . First , when in RPN mode , you obviously use the Input button a lot . Unlike the 12-C , 10-B , 19-B and other models , the Input button is n't oversized , and it 's location is obscure . So , you have to take a split second each time to remember where it is . I could probably get over this problem over time , but the second problem is a deal-killer . The biggest problem I have is that buttons regularly fail . You 're in the middle of a calculation and you 'll miss a number or function . What ends up happening is that you have to look at the keys and then at the screen to ensure that your entries are accurate . Takes way too much time and interrupts the process . I 've read other negative reviews of this product and did n't believe that HP could put out a product that did n't work . But believe it , this calculator will cause you nothing but frustration . I 'm going back to my old 12-C .
 Hey there , This calculaor does n't calculate . Not only has it failed in my part-time MBA program , but in several mgmt/client meetings at the asset management firm I work in . I feel exceptionally let down . I intend to return it and wo n't be back to HP if I can help it.Still speechless .
 I bought this in 2008 to replace another HP -LRB- 48G -RRB- used extensively for work . I disregarded the previous reviews that this was an inferior product compared to prior HP calculators and have found that this was not a good idea . My main complaint is with keystrokes not registering . Now granted I believe you can turn on the beeper to sound when keystrokes are registered , but I do n't want my coworkers listening to beeping all day , so that 's not always an option . I have an old 12c and still have an old 48G and this product is now third in line behind those other two.The 12c might be older and have less functionality , but its still a better option when it comes to usability .
 I 've always had good luck with HP products , but the HP 17bII + is a bit of a clunker . The problem is that the keys are what can only be described as ` sluggish . ' Meaning that it sometimes takes 2 key presses in order to be recognized . As you might imagine , this causes a LOT of errors . Rather than being able to use the calculator as one might do , that is , without really having to concentrate on the device itself , the HP 17bII + forces you to take your mind off your real task in order to make sure that key presses are properly registered . Sorry , but I ca n't recommend this product.One other thing ... I DID call HP customer service about this a few months ago . They had me remove the batteries and do a complete reset of the static memory . It seemed to solve the problem for awhile , but eventually it returned .
 Please note I have always been a fan of HP calculators and did not take the reviews seriously about this product having a lot of defects . Sure enough after waiting for a week and a half my new HP 17BII arrived from Amazon and the 4 key does not work . It is intermittent no matter how hard you press on it . Called HP tech support this is a known product defect . So unless you can use a calculator without a 4 key dont waste your time on this product.What a waste of time having to pack it up and return it ... pay attention to the reviews HP is aware of all the problems with this calculator .
 I bought the 17b II + as a replacement for my 17b , which I lost on a recent flight . The 17b II + never seems to keep up with my keystrokes , and resets itself at least every other week . To get it to restart , I have to insert a mechanical pencil point into a tiny hole behind the battery door . HP has seemingly ruined the reputation of this line . And customer service is below average . I wish I never lost my orginal HP 17b .
 I owned an HP 17B II for 18 years -LRB- yes , one calculator actually lasted that long ! -RRB- and I loved it . It did everything I needed it to do , the buttons and display all worked great , and I noticed that it was built in Singapore . Well , the old thing finally died earlier this year and I bought a new HP 17 BII + , which I noticed was made in China . What a disaster ! Half the time when I push the buttons , the machine does n't register anything ! That can be a major problem when working with a calculator , because you have to wonder all the time whether the machine actually has all the correct data inputs . I hate this calculator , but I still love the functionality of the HP 17B II . I ca n't wait for HP to come out with a new version , hopefully built somewhere that cares about quality ! I 'm really disappointed in HP for charging $ 80 for a calculator that is n't flawlessly made .
 This new model , supposedly `` improved '' is JUNK . I have the 17B II and just compared it with my wife 's 17B II '' + '' just bought here for her real estate course.Save yourself grief and and try to find the old model instead . Even if it costs more money -LRB- there is a reason ... -RRB- . The quality of the HP 17BII calculator is GONE . Shame on HP .
 Obviously , the folks at HP think they have discovered a new business model . Use only the cheapest components and subcontract the assembling to sweatshops in the far-east . No need for pre-production testing and debugging . The buying public will do the testing and all design flaws will be fixed later . Eventually.Stay away from this turkey , the keyboard is defective and you 'll be lucky to get a month of use out of it . Or buy it as a gift for someone you hate .
 I just do n't have words to describe what I felt when I opened the package and use this `` calculator '' , just think in a bad calculator or a low quality electronic product that you have had an just multiply this 100 times . ... The answer ... HP17BII + ... the name should be HP17B -LRB- - -RRB-
 Do not buy this calculator unless you do not care how `` cheap '' it looks like after opening up the box where it comes!After buying my 17BII + I unfortunately realized that the gray ruber on the right side a `` small hole '' . After passing my finger 2 times over this surface defect the rubber began to seriously get rid of the calculator making its appearance horrible.I swear , it is the last time I buy HP.As long as they do not understand that not only the functions but also finishing details are important I prefer to buy one of the other many options available on the market !!
 Following , is the letter that I sent to HP headquarters regarding my experience with the HP 17BII : Dear Sirs , I am writing this email with the spirit of a loyal customer of 15 years . Last month , during a business trip , my financial calculator 19 B II broke . I was desperate because I had become so used to work with it . I browsed the HP web site to learn which was the most sophisticated financial calculator these days , and I learned about the 17 B II . I asked a friend to bring it to me from the US and so she did . I have been using it for 3 weeks , and only with a spirit of loyalty to you , must say that I find this calculator dramatically inferior to those HP calculators that I bought 15 , even 20 years ago , both financial calculators and scientific calculators . The 17 B II is not only inferior in the amount and type of operations that can perform compared to the 19 B II , but is also inferior , in it ` s raw materials . The key for number 3 , must be pressed with so much strength as if I was drilling for oil in order to make it appear in the screen . Finally , this calculator takes literally3 seconds in calculating the result of 2 X 2 . I have been considering to search for the HP scientific calculator that I had back in college , 15 years ago , and program in it , the financial formulas that I need today . Again , I am not saying this with a bad mood or just for the sake of complaining , but rather because if I worked in the company , I would like to have this kind of feedback . Best regards , Constancio .
 I bought one and returned it . The device is a little too large . Why does it have to be so big ? And with the case it is REALLY big . I think calculators should fit in the pocket.For the price , why is n't the display clearer ? Why did n't they include a handy conversion tool for length , speed , weight , etc. ? Questions , questions , questions ...
 Problem 1
 I 've owned many HP calculators over the years -LRB- started with an HP 45 -RRB- and still regularly use an 11C and 12C purchased in the early 1980 's . I 've lusted after the older 17BII for several years and finally decided to purchase one only to find out it had been ` improved ' and renamed the 17BII + . Unfortunately this new improved version is junk . It lasted 3 days and then would n't even turn on . The key 's give you a tactile feedback ` click ' but often do n't record the number or function pressed.I returned this calculator to the store where I purchased it and searched the internet for an older 17BII . I found one for about twice the money of the newer model but ordered it anyway . What a difference . The older version is solid as a rock and I expect it , along with my 11C and 12C , will outlast me.The HP logo used to stand for quality . Based on my experinece with the 17BII + and the reviews of the newly released 12C Platinum , the days of quality and dependibility are over .
 I bought the new 17BII + as substitution to my 19B , which quit on me after 10 + years . Used to love HP 's but these new models are a complete disappointment . The keys do n't register , you have to press them down several times . So if you need something you can manipulate quickly , like the old HP , forget it . HP customer service also sucks ... the machine would not turn on after a few uses . Took it back to the store 3 times , they fixed it in the beginning , but eventually they gave up . They would not exchange the product though , even being an authorized HP dealer . I had to fedex the machine on my own expense back to a technical assistance so that he could evaluate if the machine really had a problem , before replacing the machine . Two weeks after , they got back to me telling me the machine did not present any problem -LRB- sure ... maybe the guys at the store and I just dreamt the machine could not be turned on ... -RRB- and if I want my HP back I have to pay the FEDEX ... Unbelievable , but this is what HP has become . I 'll probably stay away from any HP product for a long while , recommend the same if you do n't want to waste your money .
 My biggest issue with the 17BII + is the one that apparently plagues other users as well . My first and sometimes second keystroke does n't always register . It happens randomly and is a major problem for me . I 've gone through four of these calculators and three of the four had the same problem . I kept returning them until I got one that works.It 's unfortunate . A calculator that ca n't calculate is useless . The company has/had a great reputation . They really should get their act together .
 Purchased the HP17BII + through Amazon at a fair price but found the calculator to be cheaply made . HP has in the past set the standard for quality and style but this is no longer the case . The quest for bigger profit margins over quality will soon kill the once fabled reputation of this firm .
 My tried and true 5 year old 17BII was stolen recently and I had to replace it . I was surprised to find that HP no longer offered it for sale -LRB- big mistake ; never take a classic of the market -RRB- . As the new 17BII + was my only option -LRB- absent tapping the used market -RRB- I gave it a shot . At first , the features made it look like an upgrade -LRB- currency converter , etc. -RRB- however , once I started using it I noticed one very major flaw
 If you consider your calculator to be a critical worktool , then you need RELIABILITY above all else . The key-strokes on this calculator are UNRELIABLE . And that makes everything else about this calculator irrelevant . The prior version is far more reliable .
 Once a proud owner of a 19BII this is about as close as you get as a replacement . It is not worth the money . The buttons work poorly so you must exercise extreme care when keyboarding or you will have input errors . Today the display cracked not due to abuse but the clasp for the case hits right where the display broke . HP will not replace this calculator because they consider this abuse or customer damage versus a poorly thought out design . I am going to try TI after this disappointment .
 I have used HP 's 17BII calculator for almost 10 years . When I saw the upgraded version of this calculator I thought I must have it . It will be a great thing to have since HP produces excellent products and after 10 years of continuous service my previous calculator could be licensed . So I sold my old 17BII calculator and bought this upgraded model . Upgraded ? Well , it only has one new function
 Bought 17B2 + as replacement for my old 17B2 . There may be new features in the 17B2 + , but all I really wanted was the old features . The most important feature I wanted was for the calculator to actually work.The 17B2 + had clunky keys , which I did n't like but I could live with.The 17B2 + also had the annoying habit of ignoring the first keystroke I input . Maybe they have a `` sleep '' function for powersaving if the calculator is n't used for a period . If so , somebody screwed up in the implementation . But , I can live with this too.Now , after about a year , the calculator is resetting every other day , so I have to re-program all my Solver functions -LRB- yes , I did change the batteries ... -RRB- . HP calculators were well made , from the design right through to product quality . That was then ... Time to go back to the store and yell until I get my money back .
 When my trusty 17bII finally died , I was looking forward to the updated version - the 17bii + . The new version looks aesthetically more pleasing -LRB- silver and grey vs. brown and gold -RRB- , but once you start using it , you will see why it 's inferior . Initially , I could not for the life of me figure out why even simple calculations were coming up with incorrect results . Then I realized ... 1 -RRB- if you press the buttons too fast sequentially , some presses may not register so you will lose digits in your calculation ! 2 -RRB- if you press the clear button twice in rapid succession -LRB- as I am used to doing with all my calculators including the 17bii I had -RRB- , it will take a full second or two before the calculator will register your next input causing you to often lose the first digit.So while the menu functions appear the same , the shell looks more attractive , and the display has a bit more contrast , simple calculations input at normal human speed can result in errors . When sitting in a meeting , if you need to calculate figures quickly , you may often find digits not registered causing embarrassing mistakes at the heat of the moment . I never had these problems with my 17bii or other calculators.Sorry HP , but what happened ?
 I bought this calculator and it stopped working after 40 days . I tried new batteries too . The company would n't take a return since it was over 30 days ! I had the earlier version of this calculator and it lasted me over 18 years . I ca n't beleive they did n't take it back after several complaints/emails . Buy from somewhere else .
 I am extremely dissapointed with the new Hp 17BII - Having used the HP12C and the 19BII for 20 yrs + this calculator is nearly unusable - unlike the HP 19b - when depressing the keys was easy - the 17BII requires you to press very hard on the keys - even then - many key inputs will not accept and your calculation is incorrect - THIS IS A MAJOR FLAW - and others in my office are experiencing the identical problem and end up not using the calculator - when calling HP Calculator support - they acknowledge they have heard the issue before - and instuct you to use it more and they keys should work themselves in - I have had it for 6 months and still have the same problem - HP did offer to have me send the calculator back - What a dissapointment - find myself using my old HP12C .
 Bought this one since I lost my 17BII and am hugely DISAPPOINTED ! Not only is the feel no longer solid , but the KEYS DO N'T REGISTER THE ENTRY many times which means you have to continuously double check that the number was entered . UNACCEPTABLE ! Reminds me of the TI scientific calculators that I bought in the early 1980 's . Same problem and I 'm sure this calculator will wind up in the same place . the Trash !!
 The keypad did not even last 2 days . I can not use the 6th ^ key any more . It works one out of 5 attempts.Now , I have to try to get a replacement or my money back.Gerardo
 Ditto all the other reviewers ' comments about the cheap construction of this POS . I 've been an HP calculator user for 25 years , and am astounded at the cheap junk that they are now willing to put their name on . Forget about technical capabilities ; if the damn keyboard does n't function properly its all just academic . The keyboard on the 17bii + is garbage . Routinely misses keystrokes . A calculator that costs $ 100 should be a quality item . Costs 4-5x as much as comparable TI or Casio financial calculator models . If it was n't for the fact that HP is still the only manufacturer using true RPN I would have switched long ago . At this point , I think I 'll just suck it up and forget about RPN because I 'm tired of paying through the nose for a new HP when the old one breaks down every two years . Shame on you HP .
 This calculator is very cheaply done and manufactured . The buttons click but do not work all the time , leading to frequent mistakes . Eventually , my calculator went down after six months of light usage . A very poor purchase !!!
 THIS ITEM SHOULD BE REMOVED FROM THE MARKET PLACE , THIS PAPER STANDS AS A NOT SO GOOD ITEM FROM KODAK.I 'M STUCK WITH -LRB- TWO -RRB- BOXES OF A BAD PRODUCT.I WOULD LOVE TO SENT IT BACK TO KODAK FOR A REFUND . GLOSSY IS THE ONLY PRODUCT TO BUY FOR THE 1400 PRINTER .
 This stuff is great . My wife and I use it to label things we do n't use often so we can tell at a glance what is in a box or what a bottle contains . It goes into the labeler without a fuss and works the first time every time . The glue on the back -LRB- once the backing is peeled -RRB- requires the the surface be dirt and oil free or it will eventually come off . The printing will `` wear off '' if you are using it in a high friction environment such as on a book in a backpack . However , it lasts long enough that whatever it is on becomes habit and the label is no longer necessary.BTW , if I did not have fingernails , I could not peel the backing off without using a large paperclip . There ought to be suggestions from Brother about the best way to get the backing started off the label .
 We bought one of these labelers . The first surprise came as we started to use it . As has been noted at length by another reviewer on this page , these labelers are designed to waste the tape . OK , we thought . Whatever.Then , when the tape ran out , we purchased more via Amazon . Wow , these refills are unreasonably expensive ! Brother clearly has a `` give away the razors and sell the blades '' philosophy , seemingly making all of their money on the tape . But we bought it anyway , cause what else were we going to do ? We were stuck.We got the tape , inserted it correctly . But the cartridge was faulty and it unraveled on the second label . Irreperable . So we called Brother and -- guess what -- the tapes have NO WARRANTY !! So , unless you are in the mood to give Brother a * blank check * for your labeling needs , do n't get into bed with them . They will leave you angry and wanting .
 Just some clarity - I bought this since it came up with the search for TZ P Touch tape , but it does n't fit my machine . Now ordering what I really need .
 I have had so many of these cassettes get eaten by the labelmaker that I will not use this machine or these cassettes anymore . Once the machine starts to eat the tape , there is no repair ; the whole cassette is ruined . I have had new tapes get ruined practically right away . I am through with Brother labelling products . This is the second Brother labelmaker that I have had that has done this . These cassettes are so expensive , and then so many get ruined .
 It does n't say so on this item , but this roll only has 26 feet . That might sound like a lot , but that 's 11.5 cents for 3 inch label . That 's a rip-off ; that whole roll of tape could n't have more than $ 2 in manufacturing costs .
 I never received my purchase . I e-mailed twice and never received a response . Cancelled the charge on my credit card .
 Hi , the item I ordered is still sitting on my desk because I ca n't use it . :-LRB- It is about 5 times to big to use in my personal label maker , not sure if I ordered the wrong one because it looked like the right one and it matched the numbers . But on top of it being the wrong one , I also had to pay the outstanding balance on the postage because the sender did n't have the correct postage on it , which means it was n't mailed from a post office who would 've weighed it correctly , so that was a bummer . Now it sits there on my desk because I do n't feel like fiddling with it and having to pay to ship it back , figure out the correct item to order etc. etc. . Sorry , I hate giving negative reviews , but it 's was just frustrating all around .
 I use this paper for proofing , double sided , nice , bright surface for true colors ; ca n't beat it for the price .
 This shelf may be good for school lockers or other lockers but it did n't fit well in my gym locker . We would have returned it but the seller states in their profile that they do not cover shipping for any reason .
 I loved this product when I first received it as a gift . Then I upgraded my PC to Win 2000 , then again to XP Pro . Now my CrossPad does n't work , and I have n't found anywhere to update it . So right now this rate one star is due to not being able to use my Pad at all . -LSB- * -RSB-
 really upset ordered wrong size after it got here it was going to cost me too much to send it back so i seat here and cut it in half so its the right size , but thats what i get for ordering the wrong size
 I was looking for 13X19 cut sheets of canvas to put through my Canon i9900 . I tried 3 different brands . Pictorico from Adorama here through Amazon , also Inkpress and Legion , both from B & H . The Pictorico was so thin , I could see right through it , before and after I had printed on it . This is not a canvas that can be stretched , or mounted to a board without showing its nasty back . The Inkpress had a wheat color back and was heavy . Unfortunately , it curled after printing and even more after sealing and glazing . I doubt that it will adhere to anything , but will probably stand up to stretching over stretcher boards . The Legion was by far the winner for me . It printed true , is a good weight for mounting or stretching , and the colors were rendered nicely . Given the small universe for cut sheet inkjet canvas , I hope this helps . BTW , the Pictorico was by far the most expensive of the three .
 poor quality which may be why it is no longer manufactured . Actually caught the label tape on fire at first use .
 When I received my paper shredder PS60-2 I thought it was the same one that is pictured next to their description . How wrong I was . If I knew it was n't the same as the picture I would not have gotten it . Buyer beware . They show you one thing and sneak a second one in . Amazon is n't what I thought it was
 I have a Fellowes PS-60 powershredder at work , and it works great . I bought this PS60-2 Shredder and have had it at home for six months or so . I do n't know why my experience has been so utterly different than the five others who have reported in , the only thing I can think of is that there is a manufacturing defect in mine ... in any case , when shredding typical bills and other office paper items , the paper frequently wads up in a wide space just beyond the shears that then narrows to form the outlet into the bin below . Once the wadding process starts , you keep merrily shredding , the wads get tighter and tighter in that space , until the shredder jams . You turn it off , turn over the shredder module , and then take about 15-20 mins to fish out all the wads so it will work again . With trial and error , you can reduce the wadding by placing only perfectly straight paper into the machine , and also by frequently tamping down the shredded paper . The problem is Fellowes dumb design of this one ... I am going to call them to try to get it replaced , but thought I would warn others first .
 We got this as the new office shredder . It is much quieter than our old shredder . My 1st shot at using it I fed in what looked like appx 12 sheets of paper - not perfectly straight . They kinda went sideways and I experienced exactly what the previous poster claimed as far as the paper bunching up within the shredder . This is a common defect of this shredder . For this price , try another .
 This thing is the absolutley the worst - it is now in the trash -- never even came close to achieving the performance advertised -- jammed continually -- would not shut off -- JUNK !
 After receiving the shredder I threw away the packing and documentation -LRB- BIG MISTAKE -RRB- and then tried it . The motor binds . I have to reverse-forward it back and forth to get it to work . Would n't buy another one .
 Seems to shred OK but the stand and pull out drawer are pretty flexable . This makes it difficult to reinsert the drawer properly without fussing around with it . If it is not in just right , the shredder wo n't run . I 've been using an older model Fellows shredder -LRB- until it died -RRB- and it was much easier to operate .
 I was upgrading to a higher duty cycle shredder , and thought for $ 200 dollars - this unit would handle the load.I am shredding personal financial information , not medical office documentation , and this unit does n't keep up with the load.As others have written , this model will jam if loaded with more than about 2 standand business envelopes or 4-5 sheets of typical 20lb paper at a timeI have had many recurring problems -LRB- such as `` deep jams '' and debris crammed into places that require lengthy and painstaking extrications with tweezers and need-nose pliers -RRB- and even the potential for the destruction of critical plastic components such as guide teeth and cutting-cam housingsLike other users , I 've discovered that high-volume shredding of documents of various sizes/thicknesses/types can cause excessive paper chip debris to `` backwash '' into the motor/cutter housing , which in turn creates significant expansion pressures within this plastic housing.This model just seems to Jam on just about everything except plain light weight paper , then then only about 8 sheets at a time , if they are fed in perfectly straight . I can sit for an hour reversing the unit forward and backwards to clear jams , and end up with a shredded mess of papers all over the floor from the messy debris in trying to unjam the mechanism .
 This paper shredder worked well at first , but basically broke after 3 months . Although rated to shred multiple pages at once , it performed poorly even at first , and oftentimes I had to unplug it and remove jammed pieces of paper . At other times , I could put the stredder in reverse to unjam it . After 3 months , the shredder would neither shred nor reverse -LRB- even though I used the shredder for very light duty -LRB- perhaps shredding once per week and typically no more than 2 pages shredded at a time -RRB- . Definitely would NOT recommend this shredder !!! -LRB- I gave this 1 star ONLY because a `` no star '' option is not available . -RRB-
 I bought this shredder about a week ago when my old one died , and I got it in the mail yesterday . I took it home and used it to shred about 4 or 5 items , then left it on the AUTO position . When I got home both LEDs -LRB- the green and the red -RRB- were off , and never came back on - it just stopped working completely . I tried Reverse , and that worked , but forward auto just died on me.I even left it unplugged/off all night , plugged it in this morning , and got the same thing - nothing worked except reverse . I 've called the vendor and gotten an RMA and they are shipping a new one out next week to replace this one . We 'll see if the next one does the same thing. : -LRB-
 I purchased my Fellowes for home use
 I have owned one of these shredders for about a year . I am an individual active realtor working from home and have a lot of things to shred . It has proved to be totally inadequate for my needs . I oil it very often with canola oil -LRB- per the instruction manual -RRB- at least every time I empty the receptacle bin . But it still jams very frequently . It does n't handle the listed volume at all . You can only really put 2 or 3 sheets through at a time , and it still jams often . I have gotten the tweezers out for the last time on this shredder ! Also , you ca n't run it for more that about 10 minutes continuously without it shutting itself down for at least 20 minutes to cool down . I just replaced it with the Fellowes C-120C . I just received it today and am really impressed with the difference . The PS80C-2 is probably fine if you do n't do much volume . The design is very convenient , and it fits very conveniently under a desk . But be sure to oil it OFTEN !!
 I have had my PS80C-2 for a little over 2 years . My cutterhead supposedly had a 20 year warranty . I regularly -LRB- every shredding session -RRB- oil the cutters with canola oil -LRB- recommended in the owner 's manual -RRB- and my useage is well below the claimed duty rating . Recently , the unit began to jam more frequently and the shreds started exiting as a single mass rather than as loose shreds . I called customer support and they had me inspect the bottom of the cutterhead for broken or missing plastic fingers . Several were missing . Even though these fingers are an integral part of the cutterhead and the cutter head wo n't function without them , Fellowes claims that they are not part of the cutterhead and that they are not covered by warranty . Still worse , they are not an available part so my only recourse -LRB- according to Fellowes -RRB- is to buy a new shredder ! Fellowes self-serving definition as to what is part of the `` cutterhead '' and what is not is at best dishonest . Do n't buy a Fellowes shredder for the warranty as they will define themselves out of honoring it . I did get a couple of years of use out of it though . So , if you can get a reconditioned unit really inexpensively , it might be worth a shot as a disposable product .
 My shredder jamming was getting more frequent with the passage of time , and I could not understand why . I cleaned and oiled the blades regularly . Finally , the shredder just stopped working . So , I took the machine apart to find the reason.First , I found that the shredding blades fit into individual slots and that the backs of theses slots were closed . No place for any paper residue that gets into there to get out . The backs of the slots were packed `` solid '' with small pieces of paper . Consequently , any time one more piece of paper was spun into the back of the slot , it was enough to cause the shredder to jam . The only way to remove all of the compacted paper from the backs of the slots is to remove the blades completely . Very poor design!Second , I found why my shredder stopped working . A sheet metal screw had worked loose and fallen between the drive belt and one of the gears . The little rubber belt had a hole in it and therefor was no good . Since my shredder was out of warranty , asking for a replacement was not an option . So , I called Fellowes Customer Service and asked to purchase a new drive belt . I was astounded to learn that Fellowes does not stock parts . Now I am forced to throw away a shredder that I used very little because a $ 5 part is not stocked by the manufacturer . I do not believe in a `` throw away '' way of life . I will never buy anything from Fellowes for that reason .
 Before you buy consider this . The shredder has a 6.0 amp motor that turns a series of spur gears in a transmission . The transmission provides gear reduction so your shredder will shred . The transmission ultimately turns the tines which shred your paper.Although Fellowes guarantees quality , the transmission contains several spur gears of which two are made from cheap plastic . If you try to shred at the advertised capacity , you will overload the transmission . In my case this resulted in teeth breaking off the plastic spur gears in the transmission , which further jammed the transmission and caused more damage.You might not be a technical person , nor have any idea what a spur gear is ... which is even more reason not to purchase a Fellowes which will completely die in about 2 years of normal use . If you are a technical person , fixing the transmission is a piece of cake , unfortunately , Fellowes wo n't replace your broken spur gears.Totally angry and disatisfied , I got taken for a ride by the Bulldog of shredders .
 I finally killed my $ 79 Costco cross-cut shredder . Being too lazy to go back and buy another one during this holiday season madness , I ordered the PS80-C from Amazon.com . Based upon the reviews , I was expecting a much better machine . The paper slot is too narrow to fit many junk mail envelopes . Despite manufacturer claims , it can not digest more than a few sheets of paper without jamming . The whole thing feels cheap , the slide-out waste basket is really flimsy . It does not have rollers , so forget about keeping it under your desk for quick roll-away . Having used the Royal shredder at work , I can say without a doubt that it is a much better machine . Even better , just buy the Costco special . If I had just oiled that darn thing once in a while it would still be going strong
 I bought a PS80C-2 a few years ago . I shred about 5 minutes a week and I am careful about overloading the shredder -LRB- I 'm an engineer and I even use the Fellowes oil -RRB- yet that did n't stop this thing from giving me problems.At first it worked just fine , as you 'd expect for a $ 200 shredder.However , after a while , it gave a couple of loud clunks and then started laboring more and more while shredding even TWO sheets of paper . Hmmm , I thought , so I disassembled the thing to see what 's up.Well , the a couple of the little fingers that keep paper from winding around the cutters had broken-off and presumably gone into the teeth . This caused the * thin plastic housing * seam to break . With the seam open , the shredded paper was forced into the inside of the power head , thus coating the motor , switches , and sensor with paper confetti and dust.I removed the packed-in paper from around the motor and gear drive , blew everything out and reassembled it . Within about 50 sheets , the thing has stopped working and jammed - it moved 1/8 inch forward and 1/8 reverse . I 'm guessing that the interior of the motor is packed with paper already.It does n't matter how much metal or how many years the guarantee is for the `` cutter '' when the cutter is housed in flimsy plastic . I 'm disgusted that this unit has broken even under my VERY light home use . I will be sending it back to Fellowes hoping that they do the `` right thing '' and help me out , but if not , hopefully they 'll at least analyze why it broke and attempt to design better premium products in the future . Basically , I got about 4 years of use at about 5-10 sheets per week . Is that what you 'd expect for that much money ?
 This is the worst paper shredder I 've ever used . We bought this for the office and I wish we had selected a different model . Despite following the directions for the number of pages that can be shredded at once , the machine jams . I 've actually had it jam after inserting one piece of standard weight 8.5 X 11 '' paper ! We found that after shredding , hitting the reverse button then forward and reverse again clears much of the confetti-sized paper bits from the cutting blades . Not doing that is more likely to lead to a jam . Clearing the jams is extremely frustrating and seems more difficult than with non-crosscut style shredders . I have a handy paperclip and tweezers which usually work , but we 've had a jam which no one seems to be able to clear and so the machine has sat idle now for several months . My less expensive , non-crosscut shredder at home works much better , does n't require oiling , and shreds plastic credit cards and cd 's , which this shredder does not . Do not buy this shredder or you will regret your purchase every time it jams -LRB- which is quite often -RRB- .
 I 've had it for several years of light use . Shorly after purchase the light/receiver that enable the auto-feed stopped working . I manually used the ON rocker switch instead . Now it only goes in reverse . Not too useful . I took it apart and cleaned inside the housing , but still no go . My next one will NOT be a Fellows .
 It worked just fine , would n't bite more than 5 sheets ! Used about once in a month in the last 3 years and the plastic gear 's teeth broke . Just like in the picture posted by other reviewer.Would give another star if they sell the parts like gears at least .
 I bought this shredder as a replacement for a much smaller Fellows model that finally gave up after a few years of moderate home office use.I 've taken great care not to insert more than the specified number of pages , and I use the blade lubricant on a weekly basis . Still , I find that this shredder jams up every couple of weeks or so . I get the red light and the shredder refuses to take any paper . When this happens I have to pull the top off and clear the blades with a leatherman . It 's extremely inconvenient and somewhat messy.I never had this problem with the cheaper smaller model and I have n't really changed my shredding habits all that much.My theory is the cross-cut blades are prone to jam . After about four months of use I 'm ready to give up and go back to a cheaper model .
 I 'm not sure if all shredders are built like this one but this is designed poorly . To be fair , I bought my shredder used - it worked for about a month . Then it jammed one day after shredding 2 sheets.I opened it up and realized -LRB- just as others have said here in the previous reviews -RRB- that my shredder jammed because it collected paper pieces between the clamps that hold the metal shredder . These clamps are plastic and broke a soon as I loosened the screws to release the clamps . Now its rendered useless since Fellowes does n't have replacement parts.I would NOT buy this shredder new or used . Even if it lasted 5 years , the steep price for a new one is not worth it . Its going for $ 160 + new now so it would cost me approximately ~ $ 32/yr . You 're better off buying a lower-end one for $ 20 - $ 35 each year .
 We purchased this fax because our old one grabbed several pages at a time when sending . This Brother machine SENDS great - the memory feature is awesome . However , the paper supply constantly jammed when receiving faxes . It claims to hold 200 pages of paper , but it could never manage much over 50 without serious jamming issues . Even with a small amount of paper in the supply tray , we would have to clear the paper path about every third fax received . Customer service tried to help , but to no avail .
 I have owned two Fellowes paper shredders . The second Fellowes shredder is the P400C-2 . The only problem I have with Fellowes Paper shredders is that each Fellowes Paper shredder that I have owned has quit working maybe a year or a year and a half at the longest after I bought it . It cost too much to repair , so I had to buy another one that quit working about a year after I bought it.I am now forced to buy another paper shredder but this time it will Never be a Fellowes Paper shredder . Ever again
 I purchased the Fellowes shredder on sale in 2005 and was initially pleased with its capability . Although I never shredded paperclips , I occasionally passed a staple through the cutters -LRB- probably two per session -RRB- without incident . I rarely overheated the unit -LRB- three times -RRB- , and never passed more than 5 sheets through the cutters at one time -LRB- it was rated to accept 7 sheets of similar-stock paper -RRB- . For the first month , this was the level of performance I 'd come to expect . -LRB- Note
 Motor burned out in less than a month and stopped working . This thing is also pretty slow ; my $ 30 shredder shreds at twice the speed . This huge ugly shredder can barely handle an envelope with junk mail in it ; I have to actually open the junk mails and shred things separately or it will jam . I got really ripped off by Fellowes on this one .
 You would expect a $ 150 shredder to at least be able to do the job expected . My shredder was not even 2 years old when it gave up . All I used it for was occasional old bill shredding . I can certainly say that the machine was not abused
 I am envious of the all the people who were even able to get this model to work . We 've tried everything . The green light comes on for a second and the shredder starts , then the red LED light comes on and it stops . Reverse works . Yes , it is assembled properly . Yes , we have oiled it per instructions . Every once in a while it will work -LRB- 10 % of the time ? -RRB- and we do n't know why ; the next time we go to use it , the red LED light is back on and it wo n't operate . It 's been a nightmare.I would never recommend it .
 After a little more than a year this piece of junk broke down ... customer service said it was the gears and wanted about $ 25 for a repair kit -LRB- includes outrageous postage -RRB- . I would avoid Fellowes . . this is my second poorly performing machine .
 While I must admit it 's quiet and efficient , the basket is cheap andtoo flexible . I found it difficult to assemble so that the tab fit correctlyinto the slot ; the basket kept bowing out when I put the top onand the tab would n't go in . I just want to warn other people incase they have trouble getting theirs to work properly . At first Ithought I had a defective machine .
 The blades get dull after a couple years of use . We oil the blades once a month and it still does n't perform . The machine never took 7 sheets like it is supposed to . We have in the end been only able to shred one sheet at a time . one at a time still does n't work well . The clear window is great to see when full . However , we use a trash bag . When you pull the trash bag out the window rips it . We have to be very careful each time . When you take the top off the shredded mess always goes everywhere . The top part is heavy hard to use . A good purchase for $ 40 and under . Not a good purchase for the listed price .
 I bought this shredder to replace a Xerox model that I had that recently stopped working . I believe this one was at least twice as expensive as the Xerox ; however , it is inferior in at least two respects . First , even though I believe it is purported to be `` heavy duty '' , it labors more and has more problems shredding the same amount of paper as compared to the Xerox . Second , it does n't shred the paper as finely as the Xerox did - what comes out are strips about 2 inches long - it is not a crosscut shredder.The point is there is no reason to buy this model as there are are cheaper models available that perform better .
 Amazon.com makes the shipping cost hard to calculate.The cost will be very high .
 This shredder worked pretty much as it said it would in the literature . It is a step up from the low end `` personal '' shredders that can only take a few pages at a time and ca n't run very long without needing to rest.Aside from a basket that filled pretty quickly -LRB- you have to redistribute the shredded paper as it naturally forms a heap right below the blades -RRB- , it did the job for me.But here I am 17 months later and it is semi-dead ; it only runs in reverse and the operating lights are dim . I 'm past the one-year warranty and only the blades are warranted for longer than that . It just dropped dead out of the blue and definitely was n't overused . For a shredder that cost close to $ 100 I expect a LOT longer operating life .
 I have had my PS80C-2 for a little over 2 years . My cutterhead supposedly had a 20 year warranty . I regularly -LRB- every shredding session -RRB- oil the cutters with canola oil -LRB- recommended in the owner 's manual -RRB- and my useage is well below the claimed duty rating . Recently , the unit began to jam more frequently and the shreds started exiting as a single mass rather than as loose shreds . I called customer support and they had me inspect the bottom of the cutterhead for broken or missing plastic fingers . Several were missing . Even though these fingers are an integral part of the cutterhead and the cutter head wo n't function without them , Fellowes claims that they are not part of the cutterhead and that they are not covered by warranty . Still worse , they are not an available part so my only recourse -LRB- according to Fellowes -RRB- is to buy a new shredder ! Fellowes self-serving definition as to what is part of the `` cutterhead '' and what is not is at best dishonest . Do n't buy a Fellowes shredder for the warranty as they will define themselves out of honoring it . I did get a couple of years of use out of it though . So , if you can get a reconditioned unit really inexpensively , it might be worth a shot as a disposable product .
 This is great
 I took good care of this shredder , having gone through multiple shredders , thinking that if I oiled as instructed etc. that this one would last , unlike all the other shredders I have owned . This one had fairly good reviews and seemed like an appropriate purchase for me . However , it stopped working almost to the day timed with the expiration of the 1 year warranty . When I contacted the company about the warranty and about suggestions as to why it just STOPPED , literally , they never responded to my requests -LRB- via E-mail _ , and unfortunately I was never able to make contact with a live body via telecommunications.Bottom line , I would not purchase again , and at present have not replaced the shredder . I 'm almost convinced that if you do n't spend a fortune on a shredder they are just a waste of good money .
 My Walmart shredder finally died after several years of service . Since I had a gift card for Office Max I purchased the PC60C-2 . After getting it situated on the basket properly , it whirred away . I put a single piece of paper in - it ran for about a third of the page . Had to turn it off and on again - about 4 times to get the single sheet of paper all the way through . Resituated the cutter on the basket and tried it again . Same thing - only works through a portion of the sheet . The shredder is now packed back in the box and is being returned to Office Max this evening . Maybe I 'll go to Walmart and buy another of their cheap ones - spending $ 90 certainly made no difference .
 I bought this book and was slightly disappointed with the content . I think the book is suited to someone who wants to learn about the basic elements of art and would like a simple introduction to some of the famous artists in history . If you already have a good understanding of art elements and artists , then I would save your money for another text .
 I think this book is alright if you want some quick and easy art activities or if you need an introductory worksheet when teaching a certain art element . I am a specialist Art teacher and I very occassionally refer to the book for ` early finisher ' activities . But , as a book that claims ` how to teach art to children ' it is severely lacking and I did not find any of the 96 projects inspirational . All of the illustrations appear to be photos of adult work -LRB- made to look like childrens ' work -RRB- . If you are looking for a book with depth , expert advice and beautiful photos of actual student work - I would thoroughly recommend the book 'Em phasis Art - A Qualitative Art Program for Elementary and Middle Schools ' .
 This item is way overpriced ... you get one pad of 100 notes and it costs nearly ten dollars . You can do much better price-wise elsewhere .
 When the description for the product said `` leather-like '' and `` desk-top organizer , '' I was expecting something heavy with some kind of faux - leather finish . This organizer is sturdy , but made from the same standard cardboard material most expandable files are made from . The `` leather '' design printed on the front and back is n't even slightly convincing or attractive . Very deceptive advertising.I found the organizer to be much too narrow , to hold much of anything , let alone it 's advertised 900 + sheets of paper . The pockets are not large enough to hold a file folder so I 'm always fishing around the bottom for loose papers . The open top is convenient , but the size and construction make it a fairly disposable item . Does n't really work for me .
 I gave this product 1 star for a specific reason : Do n't tell me something is `` leather-like '' , and then send me a product that is made 100 % of paper products . The only thing `` leather-like '' about this product is that they printed a pattern on a piece of paper and then glued it to both sides of the folio . I wo n't reward a misleading product description in any way.Further , they made a design mistake on how they apply the `` skin '' they they think makes it look `` leather-like '' . There IS a reinforcing material at the bottom corners of the file . However , the `` skin '' was on glued last , over the top of the corner reinforcement . It wo n't be very long at all before the glued down paper starts to separate at the corner , either from humidity or general wear . When that happens it will spread , and eventually the file will look pretty bad.I also think that the file should have been made just a touch wider . It is OK if all you want to do is dump receipts and pieces of paper into it . However , should you want to further organize your dividers by putting file folders into it , that is an issue . While you can get a file folder to slide into it , it is not at all convenient to do so , and it has to squeeze into the wider part of the section , where the accordioned side is at its widest . If you want to put a few file folders in it , you 'll be out of luck . Even making this 1/8th inch wider would have eliminated that problem . If you 've ever put receipts into a file like this , and then tried digging around blind in the bottom trying to find and grasp them , you 'll appreciate how much easier it is to have them in a regular file folder that you can slide into one of these and then just pull it back out with the full contents.They make the claim that each pocket expands to 7/8ths inch . Maybe in their dreams . Yes , if you virtually pull the product apart to fully expand one pocket , sticking your hand all the way in to assist in flattening out the bottom , you could get it to extend to 7/8ths of an inch . It would n't stay there , nor could you conceivably expand EVERY pocket to that width.I 've had a similar accordion file from Globe Weiss for years which has a higher quality glossy exterior , IS wide enough to easily slide a file folder into , and has a fold over top which closes with velcro ... to keep you from accidentally spilling the contents of your file should you accidentally knock the thing off your desk . I would purchase that accordion file product over and over again and never consider this one in a direct comparison , and both are essentially the same price .
 I gave this product 1 star for a specific reason : Do n't tell me something is `` leather-like '' , and then send me a product that is made 100 % of paper products . The only thing `` leather-like '' about this product is that they printed a pattern on a piece of paper and then glued it to both sides of the folio . I wo n't reward a misleading product description in any way.Further , they made a design mistake on how they apply the `` skin '' they they think makes it look `` leather-like '' . There IS a reinforcing material at the bottom corners of the file . However , the `` skin '' was on glued last , over the top of the corner reinforcement . It wo n't be very long at all before the glued down paper starts to separate at the corner , either from humidity or general wear . When that happens it will spread , and eventually the file will look pretty bad.I also think that the file should have been made just a touch wider . It is OK if all you want to do is dump receipts and pieces of paper into it . However , should you want to further organize your dividers by putting file folders into it , that is an issue . While you can get a file folder to slide into it , it is not at all convenient to do so , and it has to squeeze into the wider part of the section , where the accordioned side is at its widest . If you want to put a few file folders in it , you 'll be out of luck . Even making this 1/8th inch wider would have eliminated that problem . If you 've ever put receipts into a file like this , and then tried digging around blind in the bottom trying to find and grasp them , you 'll appreciate how much easier it is to have them in a regular file folder that you can slide into one of these and then just pull it back out with the full contents.They make the claim that each pocket expands to 7/8ths inch . Maybe in their dreams . Yes , if you virtually pull the product apart to fully expand one pocket , sticking your hand all the way in to assist in flattening out the bottom , you could get it to extend to 7/8ths of an inch . It would n't stay there , nor could you conceivably expand EVERY pocket to that width.I 've had a similar accordion file from Globe Weiss for years which has a higher quality glossy exterior , IS wide enough to easily slide a file folder into , and has a fold over top which closes with velcro ... to keep you from accidentally spilling the contents of your file should you accidentally knock the thing off your desk . I would purchase that accordion file product over and over again and never consider this one in a direct comparison , and both are essentially the same price .
 When the description for the product said `` leather-like '' and `` desk-top organizer , '' I was expecting something heavy with some kind of faux - leather finish . This organizer is sturdy , but made from the same standard cardboard material most expandable files are made from . The `` leather '' design printed on the front and back is n't even slightly convincing or attractive . Very deceptive advertising.I found the organizer to be much too narrow , to hold much of anything , let alone it 's advertised 900 + sheets of paper . The pockets are not large enough to hold a file folder so I 'm always fishing around the bottom for loose papers . The open top is convenient , but the size and construction make it a fairly disposable item . Does n't really work for me .
 While the photo displays a firm , voluminous and almost box-like shape with a clean pale aqua color , the actual product is dull brown and very flat without much expanding potential .
 When the description for the product said `` leather-like '' and `` desk-top organizer , '' I was expecting something heavy with some kind of faux - leather finish . This organizer is sturdy , but made from the same standard cardboard material most expandable files are made from . The `` leather '' design printed on the front and back is n't even slightly convincing or attractive . Very deceptive advertising.I found the organizer to be much too narrow , to hold much of anything , let alone it 's advertised 900 + sheets of paper . The pockets are not large enough to hold a file folder so I 'm always fishing around the bottom for loose papers . The open top is convenient , but the size and construction make it a fairly disposable item . Does n't really work for me .
 I gave this product 1 star for a specific reason : Do n't tell me something is `` leather-like '' , and then send me a product that is made 100 % of paper products . The only thing `` leather-like '' about this product is that they printed a pattern on a piece of paper and then glued it to both sides of the folio . I wo n't reward a misleading product description in any way.Further , they made a design mistake on how they apply the `` skin '' they they think makes it look `` leather-like '' . There IS a reinforcing material at the bottom corners of the file . However , the `` skin '' was on glued last , over the top of the corner reinforcement . It wo n't be very long at all before the glued down paper starts to separate at the corner , either from humidity or general wear . When that happens it will spread , and eventually the file will look pretty bad.I also think that the file should have been made just a touch wider . It is OK if all you want to do is dump receipts and pieces of paper into it . However , should you want to further organize your dividers by putting file folders into it , that is an issue . While you can get a file folder to slide into it , it is not at all convenient to do so , and it has to squeeze into the wider part of the section , where the accordioned side is at its widest . If you want to put a few file folders in it , you 'll be out of luck . Even making this 1/8th inch wider would have eliminated that problem . If you 've ever put receipts into a file like this , and then tried digging around blind in the bottom trying to find and grasp them , you 'll appreciate how much easier it is to have them in a regular file folder that you can slide into one of these and then just pull it back out with the full contents.They make the claim that each pocket expands to 7/8ths inch . Maybe in their dreams . Yes , if you virtually pull the product apart to fully expand one pocket , sticking your hand all the way in to assist in flattening out the bottom , you could get it to extend to 7/8ths of an inch . It would n't stay there , nor could you conceivably expand EVERY pocket to that width.I 've had a similar accordion file from Globe Weiss for years which has a higher quality glossy exterior , IS wide enough to easily slide a file folder into , and has a fold over top which closes with velcro ... to keep you from accidentally spilling the contents of your file should you accidentally knock the thing off your desk . I would purchase that accordion file product over and over again and never consider this one in a direct comparison , and both are essentially the same price .
 It stays very securely to my locker . It holds a considerable amount of weight . But I never checked the dimensions -- and it is way smaller then I thought .
 These are too transparent if writing something on them for notes . Ok for marking a page , other than no , I do n't recommend .
 Rob Wilco is an unappealing cigarette nosed , cigarette faced idiot who lives with a talking bad cat named Bucky and a sweet , not too sharp Sharpei-Lab mix named Satchel . Rob is always played for a fool by his bad cat.The guy is n't much , but at least his pets talk to him . Oh , brother !
 I did n't think this was a good book ! I did n't like it how Fred jumped on the dog and started attacking him !!! and I think Chadwick
 Before anyone else purchases this garbage be forwarned , it IS NOT Bloom County , The Far Side , Calvin and Hobbes or any other sarcastic comic that rips on pop culture and politics . It is hardly the great comics of the past . Save your money . If you think this is like those strips you will be greatly disappointed.Also Darby , stop trying to make Satchel into Opus , I mean think about it . The scene where you show Satchel complaining about his nakedness in the shower was done about fifteen years earlier In Bloom County . Opus said almost exactly the same thing in almost the exact same context . The people who were not around long enough to remember Bloom County in its hayday have no idea what I am talking about , but there are those who remember Bloom County and can call you on this . That is why people should stear clear of Get Fuzzy , all the material has been done before , and a lot better !!!
 It is so much a crime that Conley has created this disappointing charade of a comic . To sum things up , all one has to say is that it smells so bad of previouse strips , mainly of Bloom County and Garfield , that if one looks long enough he can see Opus in Satchel and Steve Dallas in Rob -LRB- but only in drawing style , not in humor -RRB- . How ironic that his name is Rob , for all Conley did is `` rob '' other talented comic writers of their original ideas . Hopefully this strip will disappear before any lawsuits are brought onto Conley , at least for his sake .
 Size does matter.These are adequate if all you want on a label is a few of words , for example , `` Windows 7 RC1 '' or `` Vacation 2009 Photos `` However , they are too small to list the tracks on a music CD .
 I am converting a cassette tape library of classical music to CDs . The Brother CD/DVD tape is very convenient and economical to label the CDs for saving and storing .
 Ordered the SmartShopper and the paper refill . Only received the refill . The SmartShopper did not arrive on time and we were told 2 days before Christmas that it was out of stock so the paper refill is useless .
 This item is alright. , but since the voice recognition list organizer does n't work , these items are useless to me , so then that is why my 1 star rating
 This was not a good purchase for me . It was too small and was inconvient to use . I did not even give it away . I threw it away .
 I order the Smart Shopper and the 3 refills and the Smart Shooper arrived withing a week yet the refills from True Value have STILL not arrived OVER a month later . VERY DISAPPOINTED !! : -LRB-
 I could not use the Smart Shopper . I returned it and only rec 'd credit for the 3 rolls of paper . So far no credit for the $ 149.00 Smart Shopper .
 The shipping on this product is beyond ridiculous !! Although the smartshopper is awesome the paper rolls cost way too much to ship !!! It costs three times as much to ship this VERY light product then the heavy electronic device ! Rip OFF ! Buyers beware !!!
 I purchased SmartShopper to make my life more organized . I find it takes more time to enter in it . It does not recognize a lot of words and takes to long to enter new entries . It is easier my old way of making a list . I am returning this product .
 The shipping costs was more than the product cost . Idid complain and they sent me $ 1.00
 Once you get this to the cart , you find that the shipping costs more than the item . Standard shipping for a `` stock up '' purchase of 3 of these was more than $ 20 . I ca n't believe these can not be stuffed into a USPS express envelope and mailed for $ 9.95 .
 I got the Smartshopper when it first came out , and these rolls tend to jam near the end of the roll . I 'm going to try to order directly through the Sharper Image link on Amazon and see if those work better .
 This would be a great book if it is the last in your large collection , and you are looking for a card specific to something obscure like celebrating a chinese take-out ! If you are looking for all around good ideas that can be easily adapted to a multitude of purposes and projects , this just is n't the book . While pretty to look at , I was disappointed from a practical point of view . I was going to sell it - until I noted that 40 other readers obviously thought the same thing -LRB- but did n't take the time to write a review it seems -RRB- Your time and dollars would be well spent looking for something else .
 This book has some clever ideas but not enough to warrant `` 50 quick and easy '' projects . There are a dozen or so that are quite fussy and seemingly without purpose , like the What 's cooking ? card , the beehive card , tropical escape , and the blue jeans card . The Wild kingdom card message is supposed to be Run wild , Stand tall , Be strong . I send cards for thanks yous , get wells , and thinking of yous plus the usual holidays and can think of no time when a zebra or giraffe theme would have been appropriate . That 's what I mean by filler . With some stretch you could possibly actually use them . One thing to watch out for in this book is how much money you can end up spending on tools and materials . Many of the ingredients are of the store-bought kind , like vellum , stamps , and letter stickers , not ` found ' things from around the house.A greeting card book with more clever and less filler and expense would have garnered this a five star rating .
 My daughter is a bookworm and she got this for Christmas and loved tracking her time . The timer works but the sound stopped working so using the count down feature is now useless . Take your chances I guess ...
 stopped working within a day . . cheap and not worth ording it online . I should of tried one from my local walmart .
 We bought two of these and they did not work . They were not even the same when we turned them over and one of them did n't have batteries . We did the troubleshooting video from the product website with no success-red flag there is a troubleshooting video ! POS
 If you 're thinking about this as a tool to measure speed reading improvement , you 'll be disappointed . After the first 59 seconds , it switches to whole minutes and does not show seconds , which makes it pretty worthless for completing speed reading exercises.It is also sealed in packaging that must be destroyed in order to open it , so you ca n't -LRB- at least I ca n't -RRB- return it in good conscience .
 I needed a simple bookmark timer for my son . I spied this one , the price was right , and the reviews seems modestly favorable . First , you have to go through a mode switch to get to the count up , count down , or clock function . I just needed a count down and reset . Eventually , you can figure out which is which though I had to find instructions on their web site . For what should be a simple device , that 's an automatic flag . Second , the reset is cumbersome and I have yet to get it to work right the first 2-3 times I 've tried . I had to visit the web site again to find out how to reset . That 's another strike against the bookmark . All in all , this bookmark missed the target by being too complicated and contrary .
 Maybe I 'm just a moron , but I can not figure out how to use the Mark-My-Time Digital Bookmark-Red with any of my digital books . i thought I was tech savvy , and I read eBooks on both a Kindle and Nook . The Mark-My-Time Digital Bookmark-Red can not sync with either device . Furthermore there is no velcro or attachment-facilitating material of any kind so I am unable to digitally mark my place with this bookmark.Sadly , I have resorted to using my Mark-My-Time Digital Bookmark-Red simply as a stopwatch to time force-eating competition heats .
 I purchased this for my daughter , she has to read for specific time periods for school . The product came and it did not work . Product seemed cheaply made . The idea of this type of item is genius , but they need to make a better product .
 My daughter had a bookmark similar to this in the past , but lost it . We purchased this so she can take her bookmark to dance class in order to track the minutes read in between classes , etc. . When we received this product , it did not work . Tried to put the battery back in , etc. to no avail . Very disappointed that her gift did n't work when she tried it .
 I got three of these for our homeschool , to time my children on each subject . Two of the three work somewhat , one does n't work at all . The buttons sink inside , slide around , get stuck and one doesnt even have sound ! I had to go online to their website to figure out how to work because the instruction with the product did not outline how to count down or up.Don ' t buy these things . Concept is good , but product is crap .
 I bought this , thinking that with the upright design , I could use it one-handed -LRB- handy in the classroom -RRB- . Not the case . I have to hold the shavings container with one hand and the pencil with the other . If I do not , the shavings container comes just slightly open and the sharpener stops working . In general , I love Panasonic sharpeners , but will go back to the front-loading variety .
 Assembly was difficult because one part arrived bent and was difficult to bend back into its original shape.The storage would be much more useful if the width were increased by .5 inches because you ca n't put a manilla folder in flat though it will take normal 8.5 by 11 inch paper.In the end , this product did not meet my needs .
 Ordered the 6 pack of bulbs per website . Received one single bulb . Arrived in a box that was approx 3 feet x 1 foot along with a boatload of plastic bubbles ... Had to go through the royal pain in the butt to figure out how to return the bulb and then needed to order more . Really ? What a waste .
 Went together easily and seemed generally sufficient for the price - but when we put files in and tried to close it , it did n't fit with the file tabs . It crushed them down flat , or tried to but the top was n't heavy enough so it basically did n't close . Would be perfect if they gave it another inch on top - but as is it is not good for filing .
 The picture is deceiving . Came flattened -LRB- not what I expected -RRB- . Was smaller than my expectations , not sturdy at all and broken .
 Kind of disappointed ... There is no BOTTOM to my box . Yes , it has a lid ... but there is no bottom to the box.Functionally , I do n't intent this to be a problem since the hanging folders should not fall.Nonetheless , aesthetically its ugly , unattractive , and just weird.The process of returning it seems exhausting and I will probably just keep it.If I had to do it over though , I would not buy it ... I do n't care how ` cute ' it is .
 These file baskets look good but are not made very well . The seagrass weave was already coming loose when I received it . If you want something to put some files in to hide them these baskets are ok . But if you want something sturdy to use often this are not the one you want .
 I am so disappointed . The box went together but my wires to hang my folders are too long . There are no instructions , although it should not be rocket science to put it together . The picture is misleading . It looks much bigger than it is . I suppose I can use it in the bathrrom to hold toilet paper or something . I wo n't purchase another one for sure .
 Cynicism warning ! I consider printer manufacturers to be just this side of snake oil salesman in honor because of their continual efforts to screw you after you buy their printer with exorbitant costs for ink , etc. . These labels are just one more exhibit in a long line of crimes by printer companies!An analogy to illustrate my criticism and frustration with these rolls . In a bathroom , a toilet paper dispenser is screwed into the wall . When the toilet paper runs out , you remove the roll from the dispenser and you are set . Imagine your frustration if you had to replace the dispenser and the roll as a unit ! Well , guess what ! That is how these rolls are designed . The black plastic roll holder can not be pulled apart for roll replacement ! Which means they can charge more , and they can try to rope you into buying only their rolls.I bought these rolls , and they work fine . I also bought just a roll without the holder from Eco-nomylabel that works very well ... -LSB- ... -RSB- Eco-nomylabel gives you help , listing 4 or 5 ways to work around the Brother dispenser that is inseparable from the roll . -LRB- I cut the dispenser in two with a bandsaw , and I can replace just the roll now . -RRB- Thumbs down to Brother for this scam ... Thumbs up to the quality of the labels -LRB- to be fair -RRB- ...
 I purchase a LOT of things online and have done so for years . This is the worst purchase I ever made . I ended up keeping only ONE of the entire box of pens . The others were dried out . I do n't think the type of pen is bad , but this supplier is obviously shipping very old merchandise . I will never buy another pen online after this fiasco . Shame on the supplier .
 The keys stick regularly , putting additional numbers into an equation . This alone makes the calculator essentially useless ifone is looking for accurate answers .
 Received the calculator and it worked fine at the start . Then after a week and a half it has some coded in the registries and no longer work correctly . After I received the item and it thought was working fine , I discarded the invoice and not sure if I can have the product refunded . The cost of return shipping would not be worth the trouble in this case . So my experience is less than satisfactory .
 This product is very low quality , the plastic is thin and bubbles pop with very little force , lots of them with no force . Also there are no perforations which makes cutting it a total pain . Also there is no dowel in the center -LRB- as shown in the photo -RRB- to insert in my hanger , this makes unraveling it very annoying .
 Absolutely Terrible Product . Every other Cell is flat and the edges are flat as well . Overpriced Junk ! Although Value Mailers offered a return ... I was responsible for shipping -LRB- which is the cost of the product -RRB- ! Yuck ! Will not order with product or from Value Mailers again .
 While many -LRB- most -RRB- of the reviews were glowing , the three newest reviews were very low in stars , and reported a large number of popped bubbles . I emailed the seller to see if they would pay for return shipping or refund me if this happened to me -LRB- i.e. I received a defective product -RRB- . The response was that they would n't pay for return shipping , or a refund , but that they inspect it before it leaves . FYI .
 Item used by adults in a professional setting DIED in 11/2 days of intermittent use . When it did work , it only sharpened one side of the pencil.Investigated many sharpeners and decided on this one . BUSTED . Not sure how to resolve the problem.Stanley Bostitch QuietSharp Executive Electric Pencil Sharpener -LRB- EPS8HD-GRY -RRB-
 This sharpener did a great job for 13 months and now it has stopped putting a sharp point on pencils . I contacted the manufacturer to get a replacement under their 7 year warranty but was told that `` it sounds like the cutters are wearing out . The cutters are considered a normal wearing part . Our warranty is a limited warranty and does not cover wear and tear or normal wearing parts . `` They then recommended that I switch to a model with replaceable blades . I doubt I am going to go that route since it appears that the replaceable blades are nowhere to be found . Even the Bostitch office website does n't show any retailers that carry it.Time to go to Costco and get one that I know can be returned if it fails .
 The unit worked fine with limited use over a six month period . Then , all of a sudden , the sharpeners went `` out of whack '' and the unit would not sharpen pencils . Back to a manual , hand-held sharpeners .
 I do n't expect much from a pencil sharpener - I expect it to sharpen . This one is doing a terrible job of that straight out of the box . I ca n't speak to long-term reliability , but my first impression is that this thing is a giant waste of money .
 This is the worst kind of Amazon product . Why ? Because it works when you first get it , but then performance degrades and within 2 months , its a useless , non-functional product . But now it 's too late to return it , the packing boxes were long discarded , so I am stuck with the loss . The only satisfaction left to me is to possibly head off other shoppers from buying a flawed product . This was supposed to be a `` heavy duty '' sharpener , but I was never impressed . You had to hold a pencil `` just right '' to get a even cut around the lead , and it never seemed to fully sharpen without a few minutes of jiggling and twisting the pencil . And sure enough , after only 2 months of use by our family , it no longer functions
 I purchased this pencil sharpener and it worked great for a day or two . Then , after sharpening less than 20 pencils , it died and would no longer work . I sent it back and got a replacement and the same thing happened to the replacement . When it worked , it did an excellent job of sharpening pencils , but the poor reliability forced me to return this product and look for another . I would * never * recommend this product to anyone else . Do yourself a favor and if you 're going to spend money , go to a movie or buy some lottery tickets ; you 'll get a better value for your money on either of those than you will buying this pencil sharpener .
 This pencil sharpener really sucks . I tried to sharpen my pencil and it took absolutely forever . Not to mention that it was turning itself off and on while sharpening the pencil . Do n't waste your money !
 This pencil sharpener broke after 10 pencils . Now I have to go through the hassle of returning it .
 This less than heavy-duty sharpener neatly sharpened 8 pencils and then promptly stopped working . Augh ! If I were in the business of designing pencil sharpeners , I would make sure they work . Do n't bother with this one!Ok . Amazon sent a new one and this one works really great ! It must be a little hit-or-miss in the pencil sharpener world . I would change my rating to a 4 star , but this page is not allowing me to make alterations to the rating . Sorry Bostitch !
 After reading the reviews on Amazon I thought I 'd found a reasonably priced sharpener for classroom use . It broke after less than 6 months . Do n't buy it .
 all eight of the pencils used to test this product sharpened the pencil 's end off center so that the wood was at the point rather than the pencil lead . Needless to say , that condition was totally unacceptable .
 I am so unhappy with the way we have to buy everything from China . I am finding the products , at least with pencil sharpeners less than `` quality '' and too expensive for the poor quality . The Bostitch quiet executive pencil sharpener is not exactly quiet . You have to keep putting the pencil in a number of times before it even starts to sharpen . I would not call this ExecutiveI am not happy with this product.Joan George
 Panasonic KX-FL511 High Speed , up to 12 ppm , Laser Fax/Copier Machine - I purchased this instead of a new one , figuring I would save a few bucks . The unit has n't worked since day one and we went out to Staples and bought a new Cannon instead . Looks like we 're out $ 120 .
 I do n't like this mouse pad as a mouse pad . It does not grip the desk top so it slides around when I 'm moving the mouse . Plus , while it works , I do n't like the way the mouse moves across the surface -- I prefer a bit more resistance . This feels like I do n't even have a pad and am using the desk top instead . I 'll be replacing it as soon as I find another with my school 's logo on it .
 Purchased a similar model - KX-TX1460 series - in April 2003 . Great clarity , good range . Happy all over . But , a scant 9 months later , the battery was dying . Panasonic customer service told me the expected battery life is 8-12 months.When the phone is $ 25 , why spend $ 16 a year for a battery?I 'm going elsewhere .
 I own this sony phone . I use the base as the main unit downstairs in my house and then an extra handset for upstairs . I have owned this phone for a couple of years -LRB- that 's why I am not giving this just one star , because I have got some use out of it -RRB- . However there is a serious flaw with this phone . I am currently looking for a new phone , because some of the buttons do n't work anymore on this sony phone.There is a sliver looking cover that goes over the smooshy buttons . Somehow facial oils , makeup etc - gets in between the covering plate and the buttons . Then it makes it so the buttons will not press in all the way . If we take off the cover and clean it -LRB- a time-consuming process that involves screwdrivers and essentially taking the phone apart -RRB- then it will work again . But this process must be repeated often , because it just gets dirty in there again.I think a phone should last longer than a couple of years and should be designed so that there are not gaps between the plate and the buttons like that that are affected by dirt .
 I am not sure who is to blame here . I have been using Sharpies forever , but this batch was not a good one . 3 of the pens came dry ! I shook them , left them upside down , etc , nothing worked . So I would still get sharpies , but next time I will not buy them online . You never know how long they were sitting in storage .
 It has nice features and everything works fine except the sound quality . Many people complain that they ca n't hear me , so I usually ended up shouting on the phone . I had a good memory of Panasonic phones , but not this one .
 We got this phone as a wedding gift not more that six months ago . After about three months , it began malfunctioning . Sometimes , when the phone rang and you tried to answer it , it would not answer . It would also not charge when you put it back on the base , so the battery would go dead and there was nothing we could do . We tried to contact Panasonic to have it fixed , but we kept getting the customer no-service run around and finally gave up . I recently accidentally dropped the phone off the kitchen counter , and the antenna broke-so it 's not too durable either . I came to Amazon.com and purchased the VTech VT 1920c digital cordless phone with caller ID - strangly ... the same price as this phone .
 I have purchased this phone twice now . Panasonic usually makes quality products , but both phones were duds ! The antenna bends and therefore the clarity is n't so great .
 I brought this phone twice , thinking that the first one was defective.It had a very loud destortion level that seemed to increase with the length of time one stayed on the phone . The speakerphone worked great , the handset was comfortable , its just to bad i could n't understand anyone I was talking to with the handset . Look somewhere else .
 not very happy with the phone . its not very clear and picks up back round noise ... however this phone was not new . the baby montitor works great alone with the paging system but thats about it .
 I paid $ 100 for this phone a year ago and it worked great until now . I 'm surprised at Sony but the numbers 1 and 3 no longer work .
 Same problem with buttons after ~ 1yr . Has a great appetite for batteries . Radio Junk batteries seem the worst-approx . 30 da .
 This phone worked great for 5 months . Suddenly , when you press the `` Talk '' button to turn it on , nothing happens . Incoming calls still worked fine . I called Sony customer service . They could not troubleshoot the problem . Since the phone was still under the 1 year warranty , Sony customer service told me to take it to a Sony Service Center , an hour 's drive away . When I got to the Service Center , they refused to repair the phone under warranty because I did not still have the original receipt . They offered to fix the phone for $ 70 -LRB- I only paid $ 60 something for it new ! -RRB- . I asked if they had the information from the `` Warrranty Registration Card '' I mailed in when I bought the phone , hoping that would provide evidence of when I bought the phone . The service rep told me `` I honestly do not know where those cards go to . '' I learned two things
 Bought this product 4 years ago and it worked fine for about two years . First problem
 This unit is nothing fancy but worked fine for the first year . The caller ID screen is small and difficult to read without proper lighting . After a year the recorded messages were choppy and difficult to understand . Repair from Panasonic would cost more than the unit itself .
 Chose it because Panasonic is my favorite and my old one of 25 years died . thought this was a replacement . It was awful . No directions , short amount of time for messages , very poor and the toll saver does n't seem to work although it may be because there were no directions I do n't know how to do it . I am sorry I bought it . Did n't realize it was `` used '' and it really was !!
 it 's just your basic answering maching.i did n't like the fact that it does n't startscreening until someone leaves a message.no outgoing message screening.the little viewing screen is very hard to read.i bought it used , and it sounded like the little speaker had been blown out.terrible sound.i do n't know if we 're allowed to call products junk , or not.but if i knew i could , on this one i would .
 I 've had a couple of Panasonic answering machines over the last 25 years , and they all seemed to be built of high-quality materials . But as soon as I unpacked this one I saw what appeared to be a big scratch mark across the LCD display panel cover . When I rubbed it with a soft cloth to see if it might be a grease mark instead , it only caused another mark along side it.My previous two Panasonic answering machines had a hard plastic cover over their displays - I do n't know why they changed to soft plastic on this one.So I returned it for a refund .
 This answering machine has been a loser for us ! The buttons are arranged so that we are constantly hitting something that mutes the conversation on the other end . We 've had the phone two years and it needs to be replaced asap . It constantly needs to be recharged and gives you no warning it is out of juice - just cuts off on you ! It hangs on the wall and not the piece that keeps it on the base is broken so we have to rig it to get it to charge . No more Panasonic products for us ! To think I used to think they produced quality .
 The actual product is fine - but this advertisement is deceiving!The picture implies that you will receive a mousepad and a keyboard wrist-rest . And nothing on the page actually calls out the fact that the keyboard wrist-rest pictured is not included!I got my shipment today . Luckily , all I really needed was the mousepad ... but I did think it would be a bonus to receive the keyboard rest , too.Disappointed , Amazon . Disappointed .
 The roll of labels that I have do not stay stuck . They peel off from both ends so that I have to tape them on , which defeats the purpose . Perhaps it is a batch with bad adhesive , but the problem with this roll has been consistant over several typs of file folders that I use them on . Buyer beware .
 The label count was at least 50 less that what it said on the box . Unfortunately , we found out after we printed all the label or we have sent it back .
 Worst phone I 've ever owned . And SURPRISE ... it does n't include an AC adapter , so you have to keep feeding it batteries . A complete waste of my money .
 one of the markers is almost dry , does not write like the others.should be replaced by a new one , plus the product photo does not match shipped , offer fairly different colors to the received
 I was really looking forward to getting this pen . Very diassapointing . It is extremely light weight , and feels very cheap . Either they sold me a fake one , or I paid way too much for a cheap pen . Do n't buy it .
 I just bought the EW-S200 -LRB- it 's the same product without so many features -RRB- and I bought it for 179 at El Corte Ingles in Spain . I really would n't recommend this dictionary because it 's too expensive for what is offers . The verb conjugation mode is incomplete . And it does n't have all the words and features that I think a serious student of Spanish would need . For instance , several translations for adverbial clauses -LRB- e.g. , de modo que , a menos que , etc. -RRB- are missing . And if you do find what you are looking for , you have to click too many buttons to find an example of a sentence that uses the word that you want , without providing a quick and easy translation.I did find , however , an entry for `` para que '' . But this is where it becomes none user friendly . You have to punch in `` para '' and you get list of several `` paras '' . Within this list , if you click the wrong `` para '' , you have to go back and try a different `` para '' . When you do get the `` para '' you 're looking for , you have a list of definitions . But most of the definitions do not have any translations . So when you do find the `` para '' that can define `` para que '' , there is nothing telling you that it means `` so that '' . But you can click another couple of buttons and you will be able to read an example of a sentence using the word `` para que '' . One great feature , though , about the Casio dictionaries is the screen . It 's very clear and you can adjust the text size . There is also a backlight which is incredibly helpful . I do n't think any of the Franklin dictionaries have this -LRB- the reason why I did n't buy a Franklin -RRB- . The screens of the Franklin dictionaries are very difficult to see and simply out of date.In my ideal electronic dictionary , I could just punch in `` de modo que '' and get one or two quick definitions without having to punch in several other buttons . I want a dictionary that I can use to read Spanish books with on the metro or waiting at the doctor 's office . A regular dictionary book is pretty cumbersome to carry around in a purse . I 'm returning this little Casio tomorrow and might pick up a Franklin .
 I thought Friskars would be a good choice since I love their scissors , but ... this sharpener is difficult for young hands to manage well . Having to squeeze the contraption to the open position and twist a pencil to sharpen it at the same time is too much for early writers -LRB- under 8 , I 'd say -RRB- . Also , it seems to repeatedly break the tips of pencils - worse than others I 've used . Not worth the $ 8 - $ 10 . Buy a couple of plain old metal sharpeners instead .
 I bought this specifically to use for crayons , but our small crayons do n't fit in the small hole and our big crayons do n't fit in the big hole . I can sharpen the small crayons in the big hole though , so it is not a total loss . I ca n't comment on how it works on pencil sharpeners as I only used it for crayons .
 I purchased this at a teachers ' school supply store . Since we 've moved the almost new electric pencil sharpener that we paid way too much for at Staples stopped working . Needed something for my first grade daughter 's pencils.We 've used about 2 months and I can no longer get a decent point . When I get close , the lead breaks within 60 seconds of giving it to my daughter -LRB- or she picks it out of the pencil first -RRB- . I 'm still looking for something better as this is completely useless . I had hopes for something from fiskars .
 I am an adult and have used crayons all my life.I bought this Fiskars item locally and will be returning it for a full refund . This item will not sharpen Crayola crayons to as good a point as the hand-held sharpeners I used when I was a kid.I -LRB- and probably most children -RRB- can get a sharper point on a crayon by rubbing it on each side on scrap paper than I can get with this `` sharpener . `` If you have a crayon whose tip is completely flat , then I suppose you could call what this item does `` sharpening . `` I 'm glad the largest drugstore chain in the U.S. gives full refunds and is in my neighborhood .
 Ok , this is a cheap little sharpener , but after you sharpen a pencil , the tip frequently breaks off -LRB- i.e. , shortly after you start trying to write with it -RRB- . Come on .
 This sharpener makes a nice sharpened pencil , but the end which contains the shavings keeps fallling off and making a mess . I have bought my son a different sharpener for school .
 I purchased this phone for my mother who has severe deafness . She has a corded phone that works very well for her , but I wanted her to have a cordless phone . This is NOT it . The sound quality is very poor ! She ca n't hear on it at all , the volume control is not much louder than what you would find on the volume control phones at WalMart . Several other family members tried to use it , but it makes voices sound mechanical & distorted . There is no bass at all in what you are hearing . We were very disappointed and will send it back ASAP !
 Got two . The first one NEVER worked . The second had extremely poor , tinny sound and failed entirely after only 3 days . Caveat emptor !
 I am on my second Clarity phone at this time . I sent the first one back since it was difficult for me to hear on it , and my wife who is not hearing impaired had trouble hearing on it also . We thought it might just be that particular unit . The company sent us another phone . This one is worse than the first one . In addition to sounding scratchy and tinny , it emits an ear piercing squeal when the boost button used . Yes it is loud and yes the ringer can be heard from anywhere in our house , but the phone is useless if it sounds muffled and has static . Our inexpensive bargain basement phone sounds better than this Clarity .
 I purchased this for an elderly parent . He loved the loud ringer and the phone looks very nice . It appeared to come partially assembled so that we could not hang on the wall - left us wondering if we actually got a new one or previous repair . We then realized that none of us could hear well on it . Boost feature does work , but TALK button does not change colors to warn those with normal hearing that it 's on - volume of speaker on other end fluctuated up and down in volume . Also , when speaking into mouthpiece it sounds like you 're in a tunnel - noise in your setting seems to amplify in the earpiece adding to the frustration . The volume control is easy to use , but increases the ` noise ' along with the voice . The tone control appeared to do nothing and was a disappointment . We tried to use it for several days but decided that , aside from the loud ringer , it was useless . We 've returned it and will try again , but it certainly wo n't be a Clarity phone this time . Maybe we just got a lemon . And Amazon is great , as usual .
 The name should be changed to No Clairty.An astronaut on Mars could get better clarity with a radio than this phone has .
 Everything is good with this phone except for the handset ringer volume . I have good hearing but I can hardly hear the handset ringer . So my mother-in-law with a hearing impairment can not hear it at all.Technical support at Clarity do n't know how the handset ringer works.Unfortunate for a cordless phone designed for hearing impairment needs that you ca n't hear the handset ringer .
 I purchased this phone for my father who has difficulty hearing on a regulartelephone . Although the volume is loud , any background noise is very disturbing while talking on this phone . The phone has three tone settings along with volume control . At higher volumes , the tone settings really do n't make any difference because he still ca n't hear because of poor voice quality . This phone is supposed to be hearing aid compatible , my father can here on this phone better without his hearing aid and on a much lower volume than the phone is capable . Hopefully there will be a learning curve associated with using this phone , but for now , it is not worth the money . My expectations were that he would be able to pick up the phone , make a few adjustments , and easily be able to have a normal conversation without a lot of effort . It is just not there yet . It has been about a month maybe time will tell .
 DO NOT BUY THIS . There are others out there ... The unit was not operating properly after installing new battery.n Contacted technical service . They said I would have to send the unit in for servicing . Packaged it , including a list of items I was sending in , including a brand new battery and I listed all of the things that had not been working properly and that I had discussed with the tech rep. Some two to three weeks later I received a box witha NEW unit with a shipping notice that indicated no charges . Two days later I receive an invoice for 107.22 . When I contacted customer service rep. He intimated that it was all my fault that they had not called me to tell me that they were not going to repair the unit . I should have made a note that I wanted a call . He insisted that since I did not have `` proof of purchase '' -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- that the only thing they could work from was the manufacturer 's date inside the unit . I suggested it was my phone and that before they decided to discard it , I deserved a phone call since it was MY phone and I should decide what was to happen to that unit . He informed me that he had a very high IQ and that he did n't not like my talking down to him . I stated that there was a misnomer in the statement `` customer service '' as there was no service involved . He kept telling me everything was discarded . The NEW battery should NOT have been discarded . This was the third battery I had purchased for that phone . Expensive batteries ! I can buy this unit -LRB- Clarity -RRB- off the shelf for less than $ 80 . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 When I originally bought the phone last year , it was to get a good cordless for an urban area that would give me caller-ID and a headset jack -LRB- my fmr . Sony phone had neither -RRB- . While the menu 's are somewhat counter-intuitive and the remote call-in system is stinky , I was pretty happy - for awhile . At about the one year mark , the headset jack just > stopped working < - I found out that the phone is pretty uncomfortable to hold on the shoulder . Then , the reception went from > 100 ft to ~ 8 ft. Then the handset mike died - all w/n 1 week ! I wo n't buy it again !
 Some days are worse than others , but on an average of once a week , the phone scares the -LSB- heck -RSB- out of me by making a loud beeping noise right into my ear , drops my connection , and displays the message `` Searching for base '' even though the damn base is 1 foot away . I hate the fact that I have to buy another phone even though I just dropped -LSB- some money -RSB- on this one , but I have to say , I do n't think that this phone is very good for my health . Definitely do n't get it if you are sensitive to loud noises or have a history of heart problems . I 'm not even kidding .
 I 've been looking for a nice cordless phone for some time . I purchased the Panasonic because it seemed like it had a lot of features and given the price , I assumed it would be the best . Boy was I wrong.It is very non-intuitive . You have to have the manual nearby at all times to pretty much do anything . I ended up just giving the phone away finally.But , I will say one thing , if you want a good laugh call the included answering machine remotely ! A chimpanzee could have designed a better interactive menu . It goes something like this
 It was good for a month , then handset shows `` Out Of Range '' all the time -LRB- even we stand next to its base -RRB- . We sold over 30 of them out , but 80 % of customers brought them back to refund . Called tech support , just a machine answered and let us hold forever !! No reply at all by using tech support forms in website . We lost at least couple grands from reselling them as a junk and still left some more from weekly returns . No responsible company .
 Unreliable - that 's the best I can say . Half the time the handset ca n't find the base station - even when it 's only 3 feet away . When it can connect to the base station the signal is loaded with static . Also , the range is lousy . 15 yards is about the best I 've been able to get.Finally , as others have said - the speaker phone is all but useless .
 Surprising to learn in reading these reviews that I am not the only one experiencing problems with constant static and `` Out of Range '' messages while standing next to the base station . It is disappointing that a company the size of Panasonic would manufacture a product of such poor quality . Thank you to the reviewer who provided guidance in how to repair the phone . Has anyone had experience with authorized Panasonic repair ?
 I bought this phone a year ago and I end up changing the battery already once . The battery was discharging so fast and recently I stopped using the handset completely . Eventhough I charge it whole night , it is not getting charged . The warranty service is also very bad . Fortunately I bought this phone using my Visa Platinum and they covered the full price . Thanks to Visa .
 If you are the perosn who changes phone every year , then this is the one . It will start die exaclty after one year as pre-programmed .
 I ca n't believe I paid this much for this phone ! I can talk MAYBE 20 minutes and then it goes totally dead . What a pain ! It has neat features but you have to clear all calls in the caller ID one at a time , and wondering if it will cut off in the middle of a conversation is a pain in the neck . I am returning it TODAY !
 This is a duckbill platypus of a phone.Paper weight , chew toy , vibrator ? Maybe.Phone ? Forget about it .
 From previous reviews and my experience , it seems that Panasonic has lousy quality control.Call volume is poor , phone just dies . Requires disconnect from power and phone jack to `` reboot '' . This happens once a week . Panasonic customer service suggested this , apparently a common problem . Wo n't admit , this is a defect.Microwave inteference is severe . Other party has trouble hearing conversation.Range is not as advertised.All said and done , a lousy phone
 At about three times the price of the Panasonic 2 line `` land '' phone it was replacing , I was expecting to find some extra functionality in this new 1 line phone . Biggest bummer was the missing auto-redial -LRB- dial until no busy signal -RRB- function . Second big bummer was the lack of `` function '' key and lack of functionality on the base unit , making the base unit almost worthless . Programming this phone was counter-intuitive and required the manual even for some of the simpler things . Releasing the locator/intercom key meant hanging up on the conversation in progress on the handset -LRB- baddd -RRB- . Sound quality is quite good .
 Had the phone for less than a year and the # 1 button on the keypad now has problems accepting the finger press . I have to push down really hard and as a result will dial two 1 's .
 I bought this phone ... and with the money I paid for it I was definitly expecting a better product . I go away for school so when I do call home I talk on the phone for a little while with my entire family . Well , if you expect on having a 2 hour conversation with someone ... forget it !!! This means a full 2 hour conversation or the same amount of time just broken up into smaller conversations if you do n't put it on it 's charger . The battery life is horrible . My friend bought a cheap phone from -LSB- store -RSB- and that thing rarely makes it to the base and always gets talked on and the thing never dies . But my phone is always beeping a bit into the conversation ... and I do return it to the base . It 's a disappointment . Also , if you plan on using a handset ... BE CAREFUL ... because the other party can barely hear you .
 Panasonic has already replaced the motherboard once , and the phone -LRB- KXTG2570 -RRB- is now inoperable again . It has been a frustrating experience . I had 12 years of flawless service from an ATT cordless phone , I 'm going to purchase another to replace this Panasonic .
 With the advent of caller id , I have come to rely on being able to scroll through the caller id list and with 1 touch , place my phone call . I am NOT able to do that with this phone . Caller ID on this phone stores a `` 1 '' along with the other 10 digits , as if every call I needed to make was long distance ! In other MUCH CHEAPER phones I have owned , there was a way to tell the phone to store numbers differently . Not so for this phone ! You have to use the `` edit '' function everytime ! It 's easier to just dial the # !! Even if you save the # to the directory in an `` edited '' fashion , the next time that person calls the caller id list does n't recognize it as an edited # . For this reason , I find myself using the other , cheaper phones in my home . Way too much $ $ for something that just `` looks '' good . Not all models of Panasonic are this way , so I do n't know what happened here . If I knew about this beforehand , I would have NEVER have bought this phone !!
 This phone never really worked . Lousy reception , one hour battery life ... the list goes on . Believe me ... read the other reviews ... do n't waste your time and money .
 This phone started out great , no problems , good sound , nice feel , reasonably simple to use . After a couple months , the caller ID features started to only work on occasion . I contacted Panasonic and got nowhere trying to resolve the issue . As the months went on it started to get worse . Now after a year the phone sound is still fine , battery life is getting worse , the caller ID function is simply not working at all -LRB- `` incoming call '' to everything no ID -RRB- and the answering machine speaker is now shot . Ca n't really make out much of anything unless you turn up the volume to maximum and then just barely . I have now replaced this phone and not with a Panasonic .
 I have owned Panasonic phones for 15 years now.My last was a large style 900hz.-long range that was going on 8 years old ! It just wore out ... I purchase the new 2.4hz.-I am VERY DISAPPOINTED ... it has lasted exactly 11 days until it will no longer function ! Beside 's not working the silver finish just chips off with setting the phone back in for charging ! Absolutely the worst phone I have ever owned ... I am hoping to find one of the older model # KXTC1741-white Panasonic 's - I have one of these without the answering machines , and it is excellent ! It has been dropped , gotten wet , and been chewed on by my mastiff-puppy . This phone is the `` Hummer '' of Panasonics ! Well off to find a new phone - good luck ... eh ?
 I bought this phone at considerable expense because of its features , the brand name , and assurances from a sales person that the quality was excellent . It has persistently been problematic . Every time I pick up the phone , I hear very loud and obnoxious static . That used to fade away when I began a call , but now it persists , making it painful to listen to callers . Another minor annoyance is the caller ID light which continually flashes for no good reason , instead of simply staying on . I wish I 'd bought the cheaper Vtech , or maybe got a Siemens .
 The only problem I have with this phone is that the battery goes dead in about one hour of talk time . The owners manual says that the battery is supposed to last longer , but that is only if you are within ten feet of the base . I would get a corded phone if I wanted that limitation . Also the battery is ni-cd , which has to be fully discharged before being charged again . If it had a li-ion battery I would probably give this phone 5 stars .
 I own this phone and absolutely hate it . The battery life is about 10 minutes -LRB- no joke -RRB- and it never has functioned properly -LRB- sometimes it just shuts itself off -RRB- . This is the second Panasonic phone I have owned that did not work . PANASONIC IS A BAD BRAND - DO NOT BUY THEIR PRODUCTS !
 this phone is downright terrible . I used to have a panasonic 2.4 GHZ phone that was was fried by spilled beer during a late night college thing . That phone was great and travelled through almost my entire dorm without static -- a big 19th century stone monstrocity of a building . I bought this one for its speakerphone and it is static-ridden in my room . It wo n't ring or find a signal down the hall . Maybe it 's a dud , but it 's enough to turn me off to panasonic phones .
 I bought the phone because of all the features I was reading about , turns out it was the worst phone I have for the money!The speakerphone acts totally dependent of the handset . If you turn the ringer off on the handset , the ringer on the speakerphone turns off.I program friends/family phone # 's in the handset and when they call , the handset does n't give me the programmed name with the number , but the caller ID name instead . Sprint 's phone is excellent with this feature!Panasonic 's sound quality is excellent though ! And I love the look ! But I 'm not willing to spend $ ... on the look and sound alone!Also , they should make a phone that will not hang up on your party when you want to hold the phone between your head and shoulders to talk . I will be returning this phone to purchase a Siemens , I 'm hoping I do n't have to write a 2 star review on them.It 's 2002 Panasonic , where are you !
 I read the reviews here and though that I finally found a phone that would replace my eight-year old answering machine phone . I 'm still looking.Major features I considered :1 -RRB- Good speakerphone sound quality - Poor . My office speakerphone sounds much better ; and it 's a cheapo ! 2 -RRB- Backlit LCD screen - Lasts for about 3 and a half seconds on the handset , no backlit at the base .3 -RRB- Dual keypad -LRB- base and handset -RRB- - telephone configuration only works with the handset , # 1 above made this irrelevant.In addition , the handset is uncomfortable to hold on the shoulder ; reception is good.I have to say I was disapointed and returned it .
 This phone can not be used within 10 feet of a computer which makes it unsuitable for a home office telephone . The reception was initially clear but degraded in a short time developing lots of interference . Despite following the instructions from the technical support line to factory reset the phone we are not able to remove the static . The phone is basically useless and we 're starting over . Rather a high function phone for just home usage . They need to solve the problem with the 2.4 and electronics .
 Range = Unbelievably excellent.Answer machine BROKE within 3 months!Says `` Out of range '' 1/2 the time when standing NEXT to base.Static all the time now that it is 1 year old.Product looks great , works great -LRB- When Working -RRB- I own 2 of them and PAINT RUBS OFF within 3 moinths ande 1 LCD screen is burned yellow & green ... Why?Panasonics ' `` Quality Control '' is LOUSY !
 I purchased this phone in Sept. of 2002 and already the battery only stays charged for about 40 minutes , it was advertized to last about 3.5 hours of talk time before recharging.I should have kept my cheaper AT&T 900MHZ model , which I had no problems with keeping a charge .
 For years -- nay , DECADES -- I would religiously recommend ANY Panasonic product to anyone and everybody . And so , when I bought my first Panasonic phone , and bad things started happening right from the start , I foolishly chalked it up to its being a lemon , and ate the cost . Then I bought my SECOND Panasonic phone -LRB- WHY ? Why ?! WHY ?!?! -RRB- , and two days after I charged it up for the first time , I began having problems galore . Incoming messages were cut off ... . incoming messages were n't even recorded at all ... . I 'd be conversing with someone , and be disconnected ... . I 'd pick up the phone to dial , and the phone would go DEAD . Now , because I can not afford to replace the damn thing , I 'm stuck with it . SOMETIMES it records messages -LRB- but usually cuts them off -RRB- , but never , EVER am I able to DIAL the damn thing ! By the time the phone 's rung just once , DEAD AIR . Most of the time , I hit the TALK button to begin dialing , and I 'm cut off , and the phone goes dead for hours and hours and hours . I am SO incredibly exasperated , and because I ca n't get out of my SMALL home very much -- or easily -- I decided not to try to exchange and/or just plain RETURN the thing at Best Buy , because they charge a 15 % restocking fee , now , even when the fault is CLEARLY the manufacturer 's . I have made calls to Panasonic , but gotten a recorded message , and never a live person -LRB- much less a dead one , like my phone -RRB- , and I have never received a response to e-mails . I have to say this
 The phone worked very well ... for about two months . It was around that time that the battery life virtually disappeared . After a full charge , we could n't get more than a half an hour before the battery indicator would start blinking . To make matters worse , Panasonic was not in the least bit helpful about diagnosing the problem or attempting to look at the phone . I ended up having to buy a new battery on my own.After installing the new battery , I saw the problem disappear ... for about two months . It 's back to the same problem and I 'm not willing to torture myself by going back to Panasonic for Round 2 of fighting this problem.So , I 'm going to buy a Motorola instead . Their new MD681 expandable system looks appealing.IN SHORT
 The phone worked wonderfully for about a year , now the phone is having trouble making contact with the base unit , I called Panasonic and what they have me do every few weeks to get the phone to work again is a big hassel .
 THIS PHONE IS THE BIGGEST RIP OFF I HAVE HAD OF ANY ELECTRONIC PURCHASE . I THOUGHT THE PANASONIC BRAND PLUS ALL THE HYPE SURROUNDING THIS PHONE MEANT IT WOULD AT LEAST FUNCTION PROPERLY IF NOT OUTSTANDINGLY ... BUT THE BATTERY LIFE RARELY EXCEEDS 1/2 AN HOUR AND HAS CAUSED MANY DROPPED CALLS . ONLY THE SPEAKERPHONE IS WORTH USING UNLESS YOU WANT TO HANG UP ON THE OTHER PARTY . DONT BUY IT !!!
 Being a bit of a techno-geek , I waited a long time for this phone to come out , since at the time , it was the first phone to have 2.4 ghz AND answering machine , PLUS it had really cool styling.What a mistake ! This is hands down , the absolute worst phone I 've ever gotten . The sound quality was very good at first , then steadily went downhill and within 6 months became pure static . The answering machine -LRB- and I 've owned 3 answering machines and 4 office mailbox-type answering services -RRB- is the absolute worst answering machine I 've ever used . You ca n't even change the time without consulting a manual . It is absolutely inconceivable to me that anyone , letalone Panasonic , could make an answering machine this bad . I remember having a Panasonic tape machine 10 years ago that was superior to this.You are much better off getting some $ phone/answering machine combo than this piece of junk . Do n't be fooled by how cool it looks !
 I have owned this phone for a little over one year . It is in a box in the attic !! I finally had enough . This is the worst phone . It all started out good & went to bad after a few months . Please read the problems in past reviews . I have had them all .
 It worked fine for a month or two then it started flashing `` out of range '' ... did n't matter how close you were to the phone , even right next to the base unit . So we called their customer service , who told us to take out the batteries , unplug the phone , wait . Then turn it back on . Occasionally , this would work . Most of the time it would n't . Now it never works . Customer service has no advice other than unplug it.Plus , our greeting on the answering machine sounds like we 're in a tin can . Terrible phone .
 This is worst sound phone I have ever had . Without fail , every person who has called as asked us either if we were in the garage or did they call our cell phone , The sound to the listener is choppy and distorted . Even the digital message that you record for the answering machine sounds choppy . Plus no Mute button .
 I had the previous model without the keypad on the console . But I think it 's similar on all features . ... Out of Range signals even when I stand 1 feet away from the console . Sound quality poor . Too much static noise . Not recommended .
 Starts out great . Soon develops horrible interference from `` nearby '' -LRB- i.e. `` in the same room '' -RRB- electronic devices in your home . If your experience matches mine , you will find that the high price tag is no indicator of the satisfaction you will have with this product . We replaced it with a cheap corded phone , got rid of our call waiting , and got phone company message service .
 I bought my Panasonic 2.4 G DSS phone with answerer three years ago . I paid -LSB- price -RSB- for it . Initially both the sound and the range were great . But 1.5 years later , static started to appear . Now the static is simply unbearable and we have no choice but to get a replacement . I called Panasonic and they say that it costs -LSB- price -RSB- to get a replacement item . We are turned off by this phone enough that we seriously question the Panasonic brand in general . So we bought a Uniden instead for -LSB- price -RSB- -LRB- Uniden Tru346 -RRB- .
 I paid over $ 100 at a warehouse club and I have a $ 12 cordless phone that is much more reliable . The battery life was ok for the first two months and then it all of a sudden died . Now , the phone will hold a charge for less than five minutes.This phone was a HUGE waste of money .
 This seller sended miss parts in my order after I opened the package . I try to email them , they would not reply.Do not buy their products .
 Do not buy this phone . The battery life is horrible . The battery lasts one good hour when new . After a month , the battery life reduces to minutes after 6 hours charged . How may batteries will one need to stock up for a bad phone ? You can not depend on this bad phone . Imagine this is the only phone you have in the house and during a call to 911 ... you got cut off !
 There 's a static sound when the phone is on , even if I just have a dial tone . Plus , everyone I talk to says that I sound like I 'm on a cell phone.I called Panasonic before I brought it back , they said it was the battery and sent me a new one . They sent the wrong battery ! So I brought it back to the store for a different one.This one does the same exact thing ! I really do n't think it 's coincidence that I got 2 bad phones . I beleive all of them are bad and that all of the good reviews are from people that are either deaf or only played with the features and did n't call anyone yet . ** This review is about 2 different model Panasonic Phones ** Do n't Do It !!!
 This phone could be useful if Panasonic had thought first of putting a GOOD battery , not the piece of junk those people installed on it . Wo n't hold charge for more than 20 minutes of conversation , leave it standby out the charger , and the battery WILL be dead after 3 hours , 4 tops .
 I called Panasonic because my talk time has been reduced to ~ 30-45 minutes -LRB- manual states 3.5-4 .5 hours -RRB- . They told me that by replacing the phone onto base station after every call will reduce the life of the battery . Nowhere does it state this in the manual and I find it crazy that you can not place your handset onto the base station before completely running down the battery . This is a very poorly engineered feature and possibly a marketing -LSB- ploy -RSB- to get you to buy more batteries . FYI batteries are not covered under the warranty .
 This if the 3rd phone that has gone OUT OF RANGE ...
 This is a duckbill platypus of a phone.Paper weight , chew toy , vibrator ? Maybe.Phone ? Forget about it .
 Bought this phone in August of 2001 . It no longer works . The quality of reception was less than good . It popped often sounding like an electrical short . Looking at the warranty , it will probably cost more to get it fixed than what it is worth . Labor is covered for 90 days while the parts are for a year . Postage and labor will certainly cost more than this lifeless mass is worth . Maybe we are just lucky or maybe you will be if you do not choose to buy this phone .
 The answering machine is fine , however the static on the phone is terrible ! When I talked to other people on this phone , they said that as I talked the static got worse . I would not recommend this product unless you LOVE static !
 Although this phone has decent features for a low price , the sound quality is lacking . Ever since I received this phone as a gift over a year ago people talking to me wondered if I was speaking through a cell phone , or if I was receiving another incoming call . A lot of conversations sounded choppy or broken to either party , sometimes forcing an early end to long distance calls . Another reviewer mentioned that he was able to get range of up to 50 meters , mine got nowhere near that , and this model did not include backlit # 's either . I leave the handset on the charger a majority of the time , so battery life issues have n't surfaced . Otherwise , the answering machine and speakerphone work well and would have raised the overall rating to 4 stars if not for the inconsistant sound quality .
 I listened to reviewers about a year ago -LRB- most were positive -RRB- and bought this phone - and it 's been nothing but trouble . I wish I 'd waited more time , as the most recent reviews echo my feelings about this phone . . which is that it 's a real LEMON ! Yes , it 's got a speaker phone , which is great -- but this positive is more than outweighed by the terrible reception - people 's voices fade in and out - and the people on the other end of the phone miss entire words and sentences when you speak . Overall , just awful . I always run and switch to the other phone , which is -LRB- a -RRB- older -LRB- b -RRB- less `` sophisticated '' and -LRB- c -RRB- was much cheaper
 This phone is all digital but everyone advertises it as analog 900Mhz . Also , there is too much static noise on and off . dont ever think about buying this phone . this is also clear from the fact that the price dropped between the time i bought it and returned it after dissatisfaction .
 I have a panasonic cordless set I 've been using for quite some time which works great , so when I decided to get another panasonic set for another room , I decided on this on . I 'm not sure what happened here , either I bought a defective phone or Panasonic has really lowered the bar on quality performance . When dialing a number , usually right after dialing , it 'll ring right away , however , this set , it makes several sounds , as if it 's connecting to something , like an internet -LRB- ? -RRB- and it takes about 3-5 seconds to `` connect '' , then it starts the actual ringing . The volume on this set -LSB- need help -RSB- as well . There are only 3 levels , super low , low and ok . Do n't they know some people have hearing problems ?! And the ring to this set is annoying . It sounds retarded , not like other phone sets . And the ring volume , there 's only two levels , super low or rediculously high . However , the major complaint I have with this set is you ca n't dial any number over 10 digits . For example , you dial the credit card company and then they ask you to punch in your credit card number , you punch it in and well , the phone thinks that you 're dialing an actual phone number , so it 'll make that `` connecting '' noise and it 'll just keep on doing that , getting you nowhere so eventually , you 're forced to hang up and maybe try again and get nowhere again . Luckily , I have another phone for cases like that . Overall , the price you pay on this phone is not even worth it . Even if it was free I would n't take it . Stay away from this phone . If I could give it a zero rating , I would .
 I purchased this same version -LRB- last model -RRB- of the Panasonic phone just over a year ago . The number pad now works randomly , causing us great frustration as well as many wrong numbers . I have contacted their customer support many times -LRB- via email -RRB- , and have yet to receive any response.If you are looking for a phone that will last you a couple of years , then I would recommend that you do not purchase this phone . I do n't recall EVER having any problems with the old rotary phones ... do you?P.S . If you answer the phone , and the caller has dialed the wrong number ... perhaps now , you 'll know why .
 I have not been pleased with this phone . Most of the time it is almost impossible to hear the caller . We have tried all of the adjustments but without success . I have two other cordless phones , both of which cost considerably less that work fine.I would not recommend buying this phone .
 This phone has the ability , when more than a few messages are left , to make everyone sound like they are calling from the last day of a three day binge on spring break . Really ! I dont know how it does this when it is tapeless , perhaps its some sort of plot to make us question our sanity . not a great phone !!
 ... -LSB- Let -RSB- me tell you , this phone is more trouble than it is worth . Reception is horrible -- so bad that sometimes I had to swith to my cell phone which had much better reception . The answering machine resets everytime the power goes out and resetting it is much more trouble than it should be ...
 I bought this phone because of it 's features . -LRB- handset speakerphone , easy-to-use digital answering machine , slow message playback , etc. -RRB- I have since then learned that this phone has terrible reception including pops and crackles on my end of the phone as well as pops on the other end that people I am talking to complain about . Most editorial reviews talk about the good features that this phone has , but after about a week of using this thing you will be ready to throw it away .
 Even though this phone has plenty of features for the price , I must warn you about the terrible static . The default `` channel '' for this phone is so full of static , you have to stop your conversation , press the left side of the large toggle button in hopes that you get a clear channel . I do n't know how some of the reviewer 's have `` crystal clear connections '' ; I certainly have had the opposite experience .
 Good phone except for one thing -- static that would come and go . With some conversations there was absolutely no static whatsover and with other conversations I had nothing but static . I am planning to return it tomorrow .
 I bought this phone about 4 months ago . Everythingworked fine except for that the sound qualityof the handset is kind of poor . Then the answermachine stopped working two weeks ago . The machinestill answers , plays the greetings and lets thecaller leave a message , but any messageleft are erased automatically immediately !!! So your caller thinkthat you got his/her message but you did NOT actuallyget the message!Don ' t be surprised if people ask you why you nevercall them back !
 I was not happy with this phone and returned it . I found the answering machine to be very clumsy . After listening to messages , I would push erase , and the machine would say , `` Press erase to blah , blah , blah . '' I would press erase again , and it would say something similiar . I had to press erase three times just to erase messages . At my house , I lose electricity often due to thunderstorms , and resetting the clock on this thing was very obscure . I had to use the manual every time as you must reset the clock from the handset . The keystrokes were impossible to know without the manual , and the machine did not have a built in guide like many do . The phone quality itself was nothing impressive . Static , with an unusual timber to the person 's voice that made it sound pinched . I have never had a Panasonic product that satisfied me , and was once again reminded of why I have bought nothing of theirs in over a decade .
 Playback quality of messages is muddy sounding - you have to listen very hard to hear what people are saying . Transmission of your voice to the party you are speaking with is also poor . People complain of a distant quality to the voice . They wonder if you are on a speakerphone . Answering machine sometimes cuts off people leaving messages after a few seconds . have owned this phone for over 6 months now Looking for a new one
 Works fine until a second phone is picked up on either end of the call . Then , the phone turns into an echo chamber . This is a BAD BAD product . Do not waste your time or money .
 Bought this phone in August of 2001 . It no longer works . The quality of reception was less than good . It popped often sounding like an electrical short . Looking at the warranty , it will probably cost more to get it fixed than what it is worth . Labor is covered for 90 days while the parts are for a year . Postage and labor will certainly cost more than this lifeless mass is worth . Maybe we are just lucky or maybe you will be if you do not choose to buy this phone .
 First off , if I could give this phone a rating for design , it would be a `` 5 '' . Very nice features , simple to use . Unfortunately it is not well put together.This is the second version of this phone I have purchased . First I bought the KXTC1501B -LRB- the previous model -RRB- . It worked great except after a couple months , it stopped charging . Some mechanical problem . So , since the economy was in a nosedive , I just bought this new model , the KXTC1503B.This phone also worked great for a while . Then one day it coughed up a digital problem . The answering machine stopped working . The phone got an echo problem . Eventually the microphone stopped working entirely.So , buy at your own risk . I am 0 for 2 . -LRB- BTW , I came up with a white trash solution for the problem . I charge the battery in the new phone , then transfer the charged battery to the old phone , which works fine . -RRB-
 The first time I got this phone it went bad in 29 days . I was lucky it was still under warranty . I returned it to Amazon . I got my second phone and all I hear when I talk on the phone is statistic . I now have to replace this phone . This phone is awful !!!
 I am not completely unhappy with these labels ; however , they were advertised as being Avery labels and they are a generic brand . I really wanted the Avery , but these work fine .
 Very disappointed in Avery 's new Trueblock Technology Shipping Labels - does not stick to the package - by the time I got to UPS all four corners were lifting off the package -- sent a note to Avery on the Contact Us webpage -- their answer -- PRESS HARDER . Does not help -- few minutes later the corners were lifting again . Had to tape it down . Thumbs Down !
 when you purchase these very overpriced replacement filters at what you think is a bargain price from the `` Buy-it now-store , '' what you 're getting is a very poorly constructed knock off that does n't fit well in the fan unit . They cause be more effort and inconvenience when trying to use them . First , they should not advertise these as the OEM branded item and second it they 're going to knock them off , they should at least make sure that they 're a reasonable duplicate of the original .
 I know I should read the fine print , but Elmer 's needs to change their picture to show clearly the order is going to be only one color . Yeah , I got what I paid for and we will use it . But why put a picture of all three colors ?
 Watch the picture . The picture shows the different colored boards , so I thought I was getting the multi-colored boards . No , they were all black . Good boards , but I would like it better as multi-colored boards , not all one color .
 If you like Parker Jotters this is a fairly nice pen . The bottom is much darker than pictured , and the outline looks corroded at the edges . Rather than a nice light blue , the bottom is more of a cobalt blue , with navy/almost black outline . The texture of the bottom is n't consistent with the top.If this was $ 7 or $ 8 it would be worth it . List at $ 35 is outrageous . Even at more than half that , it 's just not worth it . If you like the jotter , you 'd be better off with a $ 5 standard silver or colored base . If you 're looking for a flashier unique pen , you 'll probably be disappointed by this.That being said , Its still a Jotter , has a nice balance , feels and writes nicely .
 This item was missing some of the attachement brackets . We were able to use one , so we did n't return it . Just really annoying that a company would ship out an incomplete product ... not sure if it was the manufacturer or store ?
 I was pretty disappointed with this product . Once assembled , the `` legs '' were too short -- my hanging files were dragging on the bottom of the file drawer . I do n't think I would buy this product again .
 I needed these for a drawer in my desk that did n't have the built in file folder brackets . I received the package and quickly realized that # 1 there were missing pieces -LRB- all the black connector pieces you see in the picture -RRB- and # 2 you need a hammer and pliers to mold the metal to your desired shape and size and make the connections . This is not an easy structure to build . I returned the piece the day I received it -LRB- and would have regardless of the missing pieces -RRB- .
 The drawer frame was incorrectly described ; it is not legal size compatible . The U-Shaped underside is letter-sized and prevents legal sized hangers from being installed . However , product was easy-to-assemble .
 this took quite a bit to figure out as the directions are not clear . Once set up it is not sturdy and will not easily support heavy files. , I had to do some modification to make them work at all . This si not what yo are looking for and I 'm surprised a name brand company would sell such a s flimsy product for office use .
 This was pure junk . It collapsed right away . The plastic corners broke . It is useless and I am on-line to buy a different one . Do n't buy this product .
 I am so dissappointed , as I may as well just threw the $ 30 bucks out my car window for the two I purchased at office depot . They were n't hard to put together , and all of the pieces were there . But I used them for legal files and it was soon apparent it was n't sturdy enough . I put 30 legal file folders on it , and it sways front and back with the legs slipping under and the whole thing caves in . After 4 weeks of being in place , and very little accessing the files the plastic pieces are bending as well as the metal . It might work if you weld it to the inside of your file cabinet , and only use 10 legal files in hanging folders with one piece of paper in each folder .
 I needed a new phone to replace an AT&T ; E5965C which choked and died . I decided to get the new DECT 6.0 technology since I have a lot of computer stuff in the room with the base unit . This phone is possibly the worst one I have ever bought . To begin with , the base unit has no `` menu '' key . When the phone is dialing after you enter the number , it plods along at low speed . I find the voice quality to be far inferior to the AT&T. ; The speaker button is not intuitive . If you do n't place the handset exactly into the fitting , it will fall over and you have to pick it up and try again . The ear phone rubber plug on the right side has a lip on it , and I am constantly hitting it and opening it up accidentally . Try making a call in a dark room and you will see a blue outline around the numbers . There is NO WAY you can dial in the dark ... the numbers do n't light up ! The edges of the handset are `` sharp '' ... -LRB- not rounded off -RRB- and uncomfortable to hold for a length of time . The `` information '' in the window is small , there is not the right contrast , and it is difficult to read . Plus , it has a stupid battrey pack rather than AA - or AAA-cells . Who needs it?Finally , the volume is not adequate at all ! Its range goes up to 4 . One would think with the proliferation of cell phones , the overall design would be compatible with theirs , but it is not . Save your money . This one is going back ... without comment .
 What a piece of junk ! I had purchased this in a hurry because my AT&T ; 2.4 G phone got dropped for the last time and I could not find another one.I give it 1 point for decent coverage ; that 's where it 's goodness ends . I was getting constant complaints about my voice intermittently sounding warbly and/or chipmunky and the phone cutting in/out ; this was hell for one family member who lives with a brain injury sustained from a stroke . I also could n't believe that at $ 90 , the phone directory had to be manually entered into each phone . Ironically , my last experiment with newer cordless technology was when I tried to update to 5.8 G a couple of years ago.I was preparing to return the GE phones not knowing what I was going to replace it with ; it 's so tough finding phones with good reviews . on the web . As luck would have it , a Best Buy flyer in my mailbox had an AT&T ; 2.4 G triple handset phone package -LRB- model E2903B -RRB- on sale for $ 50 . I ca n't believe it : - I have great coverage and reception-no interference from my wireless internet connection-no interference around the microwaves-the 3 handsets automatically update each other 's directoriesGE has always chosen garbage cordless phones and this one was no exception . I say `` chosen '' because consumer electronics are always OEM 'd overseas and then companies like GE , AT&T ; , Uniden , etc align themselves with an OEM and put their name on the product.Anyhow , do n't waste your time on this product . I 'm going to look for the AT&T ; E2903B and write a glowing review which will hopefully save all you good folks out there time and money .
 I 've purchased this unit with two handsets roughly one year ago . Issues I 've experienced include no record of calls that I received and messages not showing up . I physically listened to my wife leaving me a message one day . When I attempted to playback and delete it , there was no record of the call . In the past 45 days I know of two other similar issues . The only other complaint I have has to do with the base unit flashing , but not emitting an audible tone when a new message is present . The phone works well , I just can not trust it . There is clearly some sort of unresolved manufacturer 's defect which is why I rated it 1 star . The phone is very clear , comfortable to talk on , and both the battery talk and stand by times are sufficient . I 'll be purchasing a new phone ASAP , it just wo n't be another GE . We had a Sony phone for 5 years and we were very happy with it . We bought the GE because the Sony interfered with our wireless network .
 I agree with all the negatives in the other reviews and emphasize some of those , adding some.The audio is the poorest of all I 've ever used . The volume is way too low , requiring use of the speakerphone.The voice quality is poor , scratchy . The unit is useless in a noisy room for users of all ages with normal hearing ability . While in use hitting the speakerphone button ends the call . If you hit the Talk button to hang up like on most phones , the unit does n't hang up , but reverts back to the ear speaker . That leaves the phone connection engaged after the other party hangs up , tying the phone up for however long you do n't notice that . I just picked it up to see it was still in open line , hung up , noting a Call Duration of 3 hours . How many calls did I miss ? Who knows?The backlight pops on very frequently , annoying in the dark when trying to sleep . We have to throw something over it , or remove it from the room.I bought the phone to take advantage of adding more to have in several rooms . I 'm happy not to have carried out that plan . It 's going back to where I bought it . Save the box it came in .
 I am highly disappointed in this product . First , the laser pointer does not work . Second , the presenter does not opperate on a `` plug-n-play '' type of system . The presenter is designed to operate only if inserted in the USB port PRIOR to start-up . So , I can not simply walk up to any computer , plug in the adapter , and use the presenter . This is very inconvenient and I have considered returning the product .
 Works as it should for price which is on high side there are cheaper units that still get the job done .
 The product works great , but I purchased it under a mail in rebate offer . I sent in the rebate -LRB- doing everything it indicated to do -RRB- I love rebates because they save you a ton of money ... I do them all the time , my parents even have me do there 's because I always get them done on time and right . I never received my rebate -LRB- and for the first time in years I did n't make a copy MY BAD before sending it in . They refused my rebate so now I want you to know that ripped me off , and they were rude about
 I bought this after reading all the glowing reviews . I has a glaring defect
 If you just happen to misplace the USB receiver , or break it or simply just forget the receiver in the last PC you presented ... Well , you will find out that in places such as Australia you can not get the little spare part . . Given that this item is so easy to be lost , I found this oversight from Logitech to be very annoying . I would like to have a couple of spare USB receivers so I do n't have to worry about loosing them . Too hard , I 'll have to contact the USA guys and see if that can be arranged from there . Or just get another , cheaper brand and forget about the Presenter all together . So if you use it in many places chances are that you will , sooner or latter , have a useless presenter .
 Amazon is the worth company to buy from . you send me wrong item and i 'm very unhappy . I do not recommend any one to order stuf from amazone
 I had two of them , one replaced by another due to failure of laser button . Both of them failed exactly after 1 and half semester of usage for teaching . The laser button does n't work anymore . Very bad reliability . If you are looking to buy something for everyday classroom teaching , I do n't recommend this product . But , I really liked the 5 min vibration and LCD to check the time .
 It 's always a problem when use it as a laser pointer . I got it in September and used only once for lecture -LRB- 80 min -RRB- . The second time , the laser pointer did not function , no lasing ! I requested for an exchange from Amazon that responded quickly . For the second piece , I used about 5 times , and then the laser does not lase . It sucks . I do not know how to do with it . Further exchange or request for refunds ? I have already discarded the package . Headache .
 The laser pointer stopped working in just three months !!! I tried to buy a nice name brand that would last a lifetime . Now I have to find the warranty and waste time trying to get it replaced .
 I bought this for my seminar presentations but the laser pointer failed after three presentations.I would NOT recommend this item .
 Button for laser pointer become to work erratically after several weeks of use . As far as I know this is a general problem of all of these presenters . Beware .
 I know I should read the fine print , but Elmer 's needs to change their picture to show clearly the order is going to be only one color . Yeah , I got what I paid for and we will use it . But why put a picture of all three colors ?
 Watch the picture . The picture shows the different colored boards , so I thought I was getting the multi-colored boards . No , they were all black . Good boards , but I would like it better as multi-colored boards , not all one color .
 I bought this product for the handset speaker ; it 's less than a month and the speaker is not working .
 after having this phone for a couple of months , the screen went completely blank , so I did n't have my caller id . Then , one day 6 months later , I dropped the phone really hard to the floor , adn the caller id and screen started working again . Also , this phone is uncomfortable to hold between your ear and shoulder with out using your hands .
 1 . The handset speaker phone is broken after 2 months . It even lost its ringing function . Now it only works like a simple handset with caller ID .2 . The number pad on the base and handset are too tiny . It 's very difficult to press the numbers , and requires you to press hard and hold down .3 . This is a 2.4 GHz cordless phone , but it has bad reception . There is disturbing loud background hiss.The rest of the functions are still okay . This is the 4th GE phone I owned , and this is the worst .
 I bought this phone based on the mostly good reviews I read here , tried it out for a few days then returned it because , aside from looking kind of cool , it did n't do anything well . It may have been malfunctioning ; the phone cord that came with the unit definitely did n't work , yet I still had to pay a 10 % `` restocking '' fee to return it , not to mention the shipping both ways -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- . I will never buy anything again from DigitalEtc . For that matter , I 'll probably never buy another phone online again unless I 'm offered some sort of hassle free , full credit return to try it out.I wanted a phone that was capable of recording music for my out-going message . Apparently this is a tall order as this is the third phone I 've bought for this purpose to no avail . It worked fine on those old-timey cassette models back in the day but not anymore . Even though digital memory has become incredibly cheap , they still only use enough to barely record an intelligible voice message . This particular phone however , was particularly bad at it . In fact , it was hilarious how bad it was . I wish I could post a sample of it here . For the techies out there , it sounded like I was running the whole mix through a distortion -LRB- regardless of input volume -RRB- and flanger effect , then sampling it somewhere in the 4-6 bit range . Needless to say , if you have any intention of doing this , this is not your phone . Even voice messages sounded garbled and muffled . There was also a notably loud background hiss when talking to people that I 've never experienced on my older phone , which is n't any good either but it 's way better than this phone . The rest of the features may have worked fine , I did n't try them out because it did n't even get beyond the basic function tests for me.There 's no option to vote ` 0 ' stars but you can consider that ` 1 ' star I was forced to vote as an acknowledgement that it does look cool at least .
 This is the worst phone I 've ever bought . And I bought a mickey mouse phone . From the first call we made on it , people complained about not being able to hear us , but we went along with it and just talked louder . Then it started only ringing for about half of our calls , and we really got angry . We continued to use it though , and within two weeks of the purchase it completely stopped ringing or having the ability to dial . Best of all , we called GE for some customer service , and they basically said that because we bought it online we were SOL . do not buy this phone , if someone gave you 5 dollars to take it you 'd be getting ripped off .
 Being generally a fan of panasonic phones , this one was a disappointment in several ways . -LRB- I imagine that the Panasonic KX-TG5576M would get the same review since it offers a color handset but the same ` guts ' , and the phones of one unit are compatible with the other . -RRB- First and foremost , the volume on the handset just is n't loud enough . At max volume the voice on the other end sounded far away -LRB- according to the caller , I sounded fine though -RRB- . Second , the talking Caller ID does n't come in until the second ring , and even then it says the name instead of the number , which means that cell calls come in as `` cordless '' ... not much help . If you do n't like the feature , however , you can disable it.Third , I did n't really like the ergonomics . The unit felt slippery and the buttons were n't easy for me to press with my thumb . This kind of thing is subjective , of course.I compared this unit side by side with the Uniden TRU9485 . According to the person on the other end , the Uniden handset and especially its speakerphone sounded better than the Panasonic 's handset and speakerphone . On my side , the Uniden is way better than the panasonic when it comes to handset volume . The Uniden does n't measure up to the quality of a corded line , but the volume makes the talker much more legible than with the Panasonic.So , my recommendation -LRB- surprisingly , since I have liked Panasonic and disliked Uniden in the past -RRB- is to skip the Panasonic and go with the Uniden . You 'll save some money doing that , too , so the Uniden is a win-win .
 I have always had a Panasonic phone and have been very happy with them all these years . Until I bought this one . The static is terrible it is not the phone lines had them out several times . THe caller ID does not work half the time and i have to continually unplug the system . The message always reads -LRB- new message and it will not clear . Wanted to send it back , but they want me to pay for it . . will not do that , , not very happy
 After only three months the reception on this phone is almost completely shot . Lots of static makes callers virtually inaudible .
 I do n't usually write reviews.The phone does n't automatically work when I plug it in . Dials OK . But does n't respond to a ring.I returned it to Amazon . Second unit -LRB- replacement , received today -RRB- is just like the first.This is really outrageous . -LRB- Other phones plugged into same jack ring fine . Unit is powered up . Battery is charged . Base unit ring volume set high . Same for handheld unit . Phone does not respond to incoming calls in any way -- no flashing light , no answering machine pickup , no ring . Phone makes outgoing calls fine . When I dial the phone 's number from the phone itself , phone network indicates busy . -RRB- I am now waiting for a response from Panasonic technical support .
 The first unit I bought was defective , with very noisy calls after two days of use . Unplugging and resetting the unit took the problem away temporarily , but after two more days of use , noisy calls again . And so on.Returning the defective new unit to Panasonic meant I was without a phone for some time . Panasonic did not repair my phone but instead sent a replacement . After using the replacement unit for some months , now two columns of keys on the base unit are inoperative . No relief , even temporary , from resetting . Now I get to send the second , replacment unit back to Panasonic and wait again for another replacement.Unless you have lots more patience than I do , maybe you should look for a higher quality product .
 This would have been my fourth Panasonic phone , it was meant to replace the oldest of the bunch in the livingroom , since it has issues now stemming from age and use . But ... . This phone would n't work right anywhere in the house . When the Voice Enhancement is on it is like shouting into a barrel , and with it 's off it 's more like shouting into a large pail , better , but far from acceptable . Hearing the person on the other end is a bit odd and tinny , but no way no how can I adapt to the reverb on this sucker .
 I have always had Panasonic phones . They had hard use in my business , but never any problems , so that 's why I bought another one ! Have only been using this one for a few weeks , and people consistently tell me that they can barely hear me . The call starts out just fine , then the sound/clarity goes awry . Another problem is that it cuts out periodically during the call like a cell phone -LRB- it 's not call waiting -RRB- . So this one is getting returned .
 The phone lasted 2 days when the speaker went out . I called Panasonic and they said to unplug & plug the phone back in . This works but I have to do it about every other time I use the speaker . If you return this phone you do NOT get a new phone . You get a refurbished phone . Also you have to go without the base unit until they send you another unlike a lot of companies who send you a new one with a box to return the old phone . I only buy Panasonic phones and this is the first time one has gone bad . This is a terrible return policy . If a phone breaks within 2 weeks you should get a new phone , not a phone that has been overhauled .
 -LRB- 9/05 -RRB- Aesthetically , the product earns high marks . I like the layout of the handset and base and the setup was easy . The range however was horrible . After charging for 12-16 hours , I was no more than 3 feet away when static could be heard and walking a few feet further , the call would drop and the `` out of range '' message would come . I tried various things such as ensuring the phone was using a socket to itself , place high on a bookshelf , keep away from appliances , etc. . I returned the phone and got a Panasonic instead . Instantly better and I 'm glad I exchanged the phone.UPDATE 11/05
 I had bought a similiar phone from GE and I am very angry . It was a phone system that had 1 base and 3 extra handsets . Well after a lot of problems and then the handsets not being able to register with the base , I sent them back to GE for an `` exchange '' . After waiting for a couple of months they said that they no longer were able to exchange my phone -LRB- they didnt have anymore of this item -RRB- and had NO upgrades that they could give me so they are sending me my money back . HELLO , this doesnt help me . Now I dont have my phones and I cant find phones that have 1 base and 3 headsets for the original price that I paid.well I guess its `` thanks GE for letting me use your phone system ''
 The information on the web regarding this phone indicates that it is/was a 2-line phone . In reality , it is only a 1-line phone with three buttons to use the single line . Otherwise the phone works good .
 I am sorry I purchased this phone . The quality of sound both with telephone functions and answering machine is poor . I actually want to return it .
 If you are like me and use headset , need a speakerphone , mute , flash , and caller ID and ordered this phone I am sure you have figured out by now the Caller ID function is absolutely worthless unless you have the phone mounted on the wall or are willing to lift it up to see it everytime someone calls . Thankfully I still have my battery powered GE caller ID box I can still use . . I EXTREMELY dissapointed these phone makers try to rope us into these multi line expnsivve system , had I not already expensed the phone I would send it back based on this fact alone .
 Overall I 'm disappointed in this unit . The main reason is that the touch-tone keys have a delay between when you press them and when they make their sound . No telephone should act like that.The other major thing to be warned about is that while the LCD is legible when the phone is placed on a table-top , it 's not good when the phone is wall mounted . When wall-mounted , the LCD only has full readability if your eyes are below the phone . Normally on a wall , the phone would be below eye level , in which case the LCD is n't so good , and it only becomes legible when the room is brightly lit.On the good side , the software user interface is very nicely done.I will be relegating this unit to a location where it 'll only be used as an answering machine , not as a telephone . For my main home answering machine / telephone , I 've gotten a competing unit from AT&T ; , which is better as regards both of the issues mentioned above .
 I was initially pleased with the phone , except that the caller ID is not backlit so hard to read . Then I discovered that if a call was answered on another phone in the house , the person picking up this phone to join the conversation could not be heard . Did troubleshooting with Panasonic customer service and they determined phone was defective . Returned to Amazon for refund - chose a different phone .
 I got this so that I could use a headset . When I use the headset , people ca n't hear me . Now the digital display has gotten garbled . As a result , I ca n't tell if phone is muted or not , so I need to purchase a new phone . It 's not easy to find phone numbers one adds to quickly dial -LRB- except for 3 -RRB- . Do n't get this phone !
 I needed a speakerphone and there were a lot to choose from . If do n't need the speakerphone feature , this one is OK . But as a speakerphone it is not reliable , the microphone cuts in and out . For me , it was a waste of $ 50.00 .
 Looked cheaply made when I unpacked it ... but the worst part was in using it . I use the speaker phone feature most of the time and the digital microphone communication was very broken up on the phone calls that I used it on . It was to the point that I just hooked my old phone back up and gave up . I now use it in an area where I rarely need to use a phone ... . This is the first Panasonic product that I have ever got that is a piece of junk in my opinion ... . I will have to look at anything made by Panasonic now in person before I 'd even consider buying it now ... would n't have ever believed that a Panasonic product would ever have had such poor quality -- until now ...
 I got this phone for use at my office and I am pretty dissapointed . The memory on the answering machine seems to be very limited and fills up easily . It probably does n't manage gaps in the memory from deleted messages very well . The display started failing a few months after I bought it and now after a year it is completely illegible . Not the quality I am used to from Panasonic .
 I purchased this phone for my mother because of the large buttons and answering machine . There was so much static no matter where I plugged it in and no other channel options , I returned it .
 Was a good phone , with slightly weak microphone , but mine died after three or four years .
 I 'm astonished at all the positive reviews this `` answering system '' : has received . The LED screen may just as well have been omitted ; it 's utterly unreadable . How , since the telephone has to be plugged in anyway , a light could n't have been installed is beyond me . You 'll also enjoy wading through the instruction manual , clearly written by a resident geek somewhere and terribly difficult to fathom . Worse yet , this seems to be the best phone option out there . Imagine that .
 If it lived up to all of the specifications in the description , this might be a decent phone . The caller ID is useless as the screen is too small and all but invisible under all but optimal lighting conditions and good vision . If you did not get all the info from the message playback the first time , too bad , its gone . It could be a little more user friendly in the playback instructions . A couple times I have had wicked echos when calling home from work to leave a message . I do n't quite understand this but my wife says the handset is made of an odd kind of plastic that results in disturbing banging noises when used by women with earrings . If it was still within the return period , it would be . Since it is not , it will soon be finding a new home in my electronics recycle box .
 I 've had this phone for a little while now and the display is fubared . Ca n't read it or even decipher it most of the time . Chintzy crap !
 Setup
 I purchased this product as a replacement for my base unit that quit working . I have 8 handsets for it . I got the base unit and it did n't work . I could n't send it back as the package was opened . How do you know if a product is defective if you do n't open it ? Also , Panasonic would replace it for me but not with a base unit that is compatible with my handsets . I lost $ 100.00 on this deal .
 I have had this phone for several months . I was excited by the concept of using my cellphone all over the house via a home-phone . I have poor cellphone -LRB- Blackberry 8830 -RRB- reception in most of my house -- but fair to OK in my office.It has lots of nice features and -- as a phone works well.As a link to my cellphone , it worked well for answering calls -- but , despite all efforts , it would not make outbound calls over the cellphone.Most recently I have become more sensitive to a background buzzing and motor/clicking sound in the audio . I was told it was the result of conflicts with my Linksys router . I confirmed by turning off the router and the phone is fine.Bottom line for me is that it may work with other cellphones and it is likely fine in an environment where there is no wireless router.I am buying a Dect 6.0 phone with multiple handsets -- I have 3-total now and will have 4 with the new one . Then , if the phone works nice with my router , I will eventually add a Digital XLink ITC-BTTN Bluetooth Device and hope it works in my environment . Anybody want my KX-TH111S ? Contact me about a good price and shipping .
 The concept was great ! Connect your cell phone to your office base unit and answer -LRB- and make -RRB- all your calls -LRB- land line and cellular -RRB- from the same access point . The phone clearly states that you can use a wireless bluetooth headset , so one would assume they could easily answer all their calls from their wireless headset , right ? WRONG!Even though the Customer Service rep at Panasonic told me this was possible , it is not . Of course I only found this out from Technical Support after I purchased the phone . Quite frankly , the phones ability to pair with your cellular phone is useless without the ability to answer and make calls from a single access point ... Bottom line
 I purchased this phone with the hopes that I would be able to leave my cell phone charging in my car and have all calls go through my house . It didnt exactly work out that way . The worst thing about this phone is that you have to hit a `` Connect '' button and pair the device every time you leave and come back to the house in order to get the cell phone calls passed through . However , it is apparent that when you make a call from the home phone it actively searchs for the cell phone and will pair that way also . But , when I come home I dont want to have to `` make a call out '' or reconnect the phone just to receive my calls . The base unit should automatically pair with my cell phone when it is in range.The reception is very poor unless you are close to the unit or there is a clear line of sight between the devices . Sometimes a call will ring through and I cant even hear the other person . But if I bring the cell phone closer to the unit and they call back everyting works fine -LRB- about 10ft -RRB- . Another bug with the system is that every call I receive , the Panasonic thinks that the call was missed . So If I have 10 calls on my cell phone one day the panasonic thinks that I missed 10 calls wether I answer them or not . Completely worthless if you leave the house for a minute and come back to check your calls.Also , If a call is being received and I pick up the call with my cell phone instead of the Panasonic , it will un pair my phone with the base . This completely sucks because sometimes my cell phone is closer than the panasonic and when I answer my cell phone i have to go back to the base and hit the reconnect button again.So , in short , I am selling this thing on Ebay because it just doesnt work . I figured the technology was too new and I would be a guinea pig but they were way off when they approved this thing for sale . Hopefully Panasonic will read these issues and fix them .
 This is a worthless `` Cell Phone '' product . It does not work with MOST cell phones . Good thing Amazon will take this back .
 Not a bad phone . The 2.4 ghz freq wrecks havoc on Wireless video and wireless networks . Go with the AT&T EP5632 . It is a TRUE 5.8 ghz phone .
 When I ordered the product , I misunderstood that it was a single line telephone rather than a two line telephone . I returned the product and ordered the two line telephone from Amazon . Over one month later , and after repeated promises , e-mail and telephone confirmations to provide a credit for the returned telephone , Amazon has still not credited my account . Make sure that before you order it is exactly what you want as you may never get your money back .
 AFTER too much time expired , I found out that my cell phone -- and MOST cell phones and blue tooth devices -- will NOT be compatible with the bluetooth reception of this phone.So , for me , it works as a regular phone , but NOT as a `` LINK TO CELL '' device.The other NEGATIVE reviews on this product are accurate in this vein , and you win some and you lose some in life.On this purchase , I lost .
 Recently purchased this item with the hope that calls coming in through my cell would transfer to the base unit . Prior to purchasing the unit and handset , I checked Panasonic 's website to be certain my MotoRazr V3 was compatible . According to their site , V3 is a compatible phone so I bought the Panasonic . Unfortunately , V3 -LRB- or at least my V3 -RRB- has 2.0 bluetooth . The Panasonic KX-TH111s is ONLY compatible if your bluetooth is 1.1 or 1.2 ! Was greatly disappointed in the product and have returned it after several calls to Panasonic tech support .
 I purchased this cordless telephone to work with my Sprint Pocket PC Cell Phone , also known as the PPC-6700 . The bluetooth connection located the cell phone and established the proper connection.Every call placed and received from the cordless KX-TH11S worked as expected but the volume was very low and weak . This was a problem for both the caller and the person called . After a dozen or more calls , I determined this low volume unacceptable and returned the unit.Still looking for a solution to merge my bluetooth cell phone to a cordless telephone , I purchased the at & t ; EP5632 to see how it would perform . The at & t ; cordless telephone worked great with the cell phone calls , both incoming and outgoing . All volume levels are good . Problem solved .
 I thought that bluetooth compatible was bluetooth compatible . Apparently not for Panasonic . Be careful before you buy !
 This is the second Panasonic cordless phone I 've purchased in 4 years after the first one died . I should have learned my lesson as this one just died 5 weeks out of warranty after I just put another $ 200 into additional handsets for it . Panasonic customer service was gracious enough to offer to repair it but they quoted me a cost for more than it would be to buy a new one . I like the features panasonic offers but I 'm switching brands .
 We bought a base station and four expansion phones . The base station stopped working not long after the warranty period expired . Rather than lose the hundreds of dollars we invested in expansion phones , we bought a second base . The second base stopped working ten months later . Same problem
 I am on my third base station for these phones . We like the phones and have five of them scattered over the house . We do not use the Cell converge feature as it never worked well for us . The base stations seem to go bad and we have to order another base station . Probably this will be our last base station as we will most likely change telephone systems . I have grown weary of reprogramming all phones and base stations .
 This phones base unit went dead 3 days before the warranty ended so they sent me a new one , that one lasted 6 month which was out of the 90 day warrenty . FYI both units the base seemed like it was not getting enough power , I would put the hand set in and the phone would shut off . Then left it charge overnight and it would work then quit again -LSB- remember the base has no batteries and the power supply was putting out the correct voltage -RSB- . I also had problems placing calls after I finally figure out how to get the cell phone hooked up , placing calls was a problem , getting calls was ok . The blue tooth worked just ok , I went to the speaker phone instead . Also I do have a router and now I know why I was hearing buzzing on the line by reading the reviews . I thought I should make my own report . Also I had problems with the techs lieing to me as well for 2 weeks they told me the last phone was under warrentte and to wait for a letter , then finally someone said it was out of warrentte . It would be a great phone if it worked like it should and also if Panasonic would back their products and not have people that do not speak English well on the line helping you with the problem !
 I bought this phone because my previous portable phone -LRB- a Uniden 2.4 mHz -RRB- was interfering with my wireless network . I figured I would buy the cheapest 5.8 mHz phone that I could find with caller ID . I assumed that even the cheapest phone would be able to fulfill my modest needs -LRB- namely , to make and receive phone calls -RRB- ... big mistake . This phone is by far the most infuriating piece of garbage I have ever owned . For whatever reason , the numbers do not always `` register '' with the phone when you dial them . The screen display will show all ten digits of the number you have dialed , but the phone will not dial , or you will get a `` this number is incomplete ... '' message , etc. . On average , I had to dial four or five times in order to get the call to go through . I tried dialing slow , dialing fast , and pretty much anything else I could think of . I exchanged the phone at the place I bought it -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- , and had the same problem with the replacement phone . End of story , do n't buy this phone .
 I got this phone all excited to finally have a phone that would not interfere with my wireless network . Boy what a disappointment . I 've since read -LRB- from secondary internet sources anyway -RRB- that lots of `` 5.8 GHz '' phones also broadcast in the 2.4 GHz range . I looked in the documentation that came with the phone to see what frequencies the base station and handsets broadcasted from , and there was NOTHING on the subject . Wonderful.TO ANY MANUFACTURERES OR VENDORS READING
 I bought this phone because I did n't want any of the features that you find on more expensive phones , and because it is just a phone -- no answering machine included.However , the incoming and outgoing voice qualities are poor ; everything is muffled.Also , the range is n't very good ; I have a small house and the voice quality gets noticeably worse when I 'm on a different floor than the base station.On the plus side , it does actually work . But I would n't want to talk to anybody on it for more than 5 minutes .
 This phone does not sync in with the same brand and type of the base phone
 This was shipped in an enormous box stuffed with packing paper , with the board and suppliers inside the carrying case . The delivery service must have dropped the box , because one corner of the board was dented . It also tore through the carrying bag and destroyed the zipper.So the bag went straight in the trash . It was oversized anyway and would have been unwieldy for carrying a small board - they must use the same one for their larger boards.The board itself is unfinished plywood with melamine top and bottom and metal sides . Durable -LRB- it needs to be for shipping -RRB- , but cheap . The T-square is unremarkable , wood with plastic sides . However , I 've noticed a small split nears the screws , so it might not last.The rest of the suppliers are packed in a zip-lock bag , as if they were picked off the shelf at the hobby store . I 'll admit I did n't pay much attention to the list of included supplies - I figured for $ 65 , it would be a basic drafting kit . But it does n't include a lead holder , just two wooden pencils , and there is no compass . How are you going to do drafting without a compass?I think you could buy the contents of this kit for $ 40 at a hobby store . I ordered it from Amazon to save a trip into town . If it had arrived intact , I suppose the convenience would have outweighed the extra $ 25 . I love Amazon , but this is one case where I should have got in the car .
 I ordered this item from amazon also . They told me I had to contact the company directly as they did not get a delivery confirmation . Amazon says I ca n't cancel my order and I have not heard back from the vendor . Amazon ought to look into this company to see if they are worthy of their business . I will update if I ever get the product .
 Hi , I will like to request a delivery confirmation of the item `` Alvin CP900 Drawing Kit with Black Case '' to the address that I submitted . Until to day November 26 I still have not received my item.Please advice for the future actions .
 I only got 10 colors , all neon or very intense dark shades , which means that they are not at all good for using colored markers on . I guess you could used these to cut shapes out of , but these are no good for actually making your own colorful cards . All my markers -LRB- sharpies -RRB- look like black against this card stock . There are no lighter shades or anything close to white as displayed in the image . Very disappointed .
 I was really looking forward to using it as gives me the option to print mailing labels professionally but now after 2 months , I have wasted more time and money to make it work than it has printed labels . Prints all sort of garbage even after installing latest v. 8 software/driver - tried all tricks avaialble on the the support site too . FYI - I am tech savvy and have all sorts of gadget and I know how to make things like this setup.Stay away from it if you can .
 I bought this product to generate an address label occasionally for a parcel or a letter . Unfortunately the software is overly complicated and it took some experimentation before I could get it to produce a label without barcodes . In the process of figuring out how to generate a simple , basic label , the label tape jammed in the printer . I found nothing in the hardcopy manual that ships with the product that explains how to clear a jam , and precious little information in the online help -- again , I was pretty much on my own when it came to clearing the printer . Finally , the unit does not have an on/off switch -- you must unplug it to power down . This is a very poorly thought out product -- not the simple utilitarian device I was seeking .
 I paid extra for this thinking it 's higher quality , the tape itself is thick and nice . BUT it has NO stickiness . The thing peels so easily after a few days , almost falling off by itself . It 's as if the manufacturer forgot to add glue to the tape.It 's utterly useless especially for heavier shipping boxes . I ended up using the regular tape at half the cost and they stick very well .
 I 'm usually very happy with Scotch products , but this tape is useless . All tape has to do is stick - and this fails ! Is it really that complicated to produce tape ? Scotch needs to revisit their Product Quality Dept.
 I bought 1 set and it worked well for weeks . So , unfortunately , I bought another set for my mom . About a year later , my cordless failed -LRB- no dial tone , but all other functions work -RRB- . A few weeks later , my mom 's set failed the same way ! Really disappointing from a giant brand name ...
 This is a piece of junk . The cordless phone did not work from day one . The corded phone only worked intermittently . Often I could not get a dial tone unless I hit the phone !
 I bought this exact phone two years ago . It worked fine until the handset died . Bought a new battery and it worked fine for about a week . Then the base died . No way could I revive it . But until then , it worked so well that I replaced it with the same model . I searched the internet and could n't find a phone with all the features for a comparable price . I decided that for the price , two years was an acceptable lifetime .
 Very Flimsy . The handle and whole trimmer is plastic besides the blade and not a very strong plastic . The trimmer has a hard time cutting 1 sheet of cardstock . It does not provide straight lines . Spend some more money and buy a better trimmer .
 This stapler jammed EACH AND EVERY TIME I used it . In other words , after using its stapler once , I had to eject its stapler holder , push it back in , staple one more , eject , push , staple ... I am not sure the problem originated from bad design and/or manufacturing , but I am sure I will never purchase it !
 This is the worst . I bought this for my secretaries for Administrative Professionals Day . It jammed and a washer fell out before the end of the first day . What a PIA !!!
 I bought this product and it is the worst thing i ever bought the stapler never worked correctly from the begining i did not have the time to deal with so i was like well at least the 2 and 3 hole puncher still works , but after 3 months the hole thing caought on fire now i cant use it at all . My recommandation dont buy this product it will be a waste of your money .
 After a long struggle to get the item I ordered it arrived and broke when i put it in reverse . I should have known when I found scraps of paper and cd shred in the the garbage can.I sent it back and I have not purchased another shredder .
 The phone only works with the RCA base unit -LRB- 25414RE3 or 25415RE3 -RRB- and both phones -LRB- base and cordless -RRB- ca n't be used at the same time . It is an either/or situation . Also the cordless handset can only pick up calls put on hold on the base they are attached to and not other 25414RE3 or 25415RE3 phones.I do not recommend this 4 line cordless phone even though it is very reasonably priced .
 This handset sucks . Really , it does . It was n't too bad for a few months . We 've had it almost 2 years . I happened to use it today and it was HORRIBLE . It squeals . It shrieks . It 's staticy . The corded handset/base seems fine , but not always the ideal phone for our work environment . Hate to get rid of it because it cost so much , but it 's really just junk .
 I was led to believe that I would be getting 25 folders per box , not ONE folder . This is not what I ordered at all . Shame on you , Amazon .
 The description of the item showed `` 25 Box '' , when it was only ONE item for the price.I feel cheated , do n't think I 'll keep ordering through Amazon , because even though I can return the product , the shipping back and forth it 's on me .
 Folder is excellent , 5 star . Title needs to be revised to reflect that you are only buying one folder , not 25 .
 The product title states `` Oxford ViewFolio Plus Twin Pocket Folder , 25 Count , Letter , Blue 57470 '' . There is not a count of 25 , there is only 1 folder . I can not believe I spent $ 6 for one folder !
 Hi , be very careful when analyzing the description of the item . Do you see they say `` LED laser pen convenient for presentations and a flashlight function '' ? they confuse an LED with a LASER.This pen has no laser pointer , only LED flashlight.check out -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I just got this pen . The package says `` 4 Functions in One '' on the front , but nowhere does it mention the laser . It only mentions the stylus , black pen , and flashlight . I 'm sending it back .
 I recently ordered this Olivetti MS25 manual typewriter online . When I received it , I found it to be a piece of junk . It is made in China , and it is HORRIBLE ! It just does n't work . The keys do n't work right , the space bar was bent and sticks , the carriage did n't work right , the color selector typed letters black with red smears . The instructions are horrible . It arrived in pieces and I had to `` fix it '' to get it to type anything . The best thing to do with this typewriter if you order one , is to take it from the delivery man and throw it in the garbage . Typical Chinese made junk . Do n't waste your money .
 Olivetti MS 25 Premier Plus Portable Manual Typewriterparts to a manual typewriter
 I realize that manual typewriters are a thing of the past , but I got this new for my elderly mother who likes to type letters . It was a huge mistake ! I tried it also , and the action is mushy , the keys uneven in the touch they require , the left margin did n't work and the replacement ribbons come only in black/red and are very short . I do n't know what circumstances might make this the ideal machine , but as is , it 's an exercise in disappointment and frustration .
 I payed for a typewriter and after months no typewriter . I have made many attempts to have my money given back and RefurbExpress has not done so . They seem to be trying to dodge their legal responsibilities . If you are reading this review I say beware of trusting RefurbExpress . Their actions have demonstrated their dishonest business practices . As for RefurbExpress , If my purchase amount is returned I will add another review stating that you have done so . Until then I will continue to pursue reconciliation of theft .
 This `` typewriter '' comes ready for the scrap heap new out of the box ! The keys must be pounded for them to strike the paper and then they usually do n't lay back down . The ribbon bunches up and the return arm flops around . The carriage moves sluggishly in a jerky fashion as the keys strike the platen . It can not type in a straight line and it is noisy and smells like used `` 3 in 1 oil '' .
 Instructions says it works with Mac but it does n't . No drivers ; not even on manufacturer site . Tried the headset and it is absolute junk . Ca n't say anything more about the base unit as I never got that far .
 the print date is not legible , and it is realy small , better to buy a self ink one than this one
 I got the A-DATA 150x SD card and ran it against the SanDisk Ultra II . The class 2 Ultra blew away the supposedly class 6 A-DATA . ULtra was 196 pics in 60 seconds , the A-DATA was only 150 . This was on a canon s3
 I have purchased the Monthly Scenic Desk Calendar now for a few years and each year the photos are of a poorer quality and almost dark looking instead of the vibrant , seasonal photos in my first Calendar . I 'll probably not go with this choice again , maybe a Floral or the Harbor design but if the photos are of the same dingy quality I wo n't be buying At-a-Glance calendars any more !
 I got one of these because I 'm a bit on the overly organized side , but did n't want to shell out the necessary cash for an electronic labeler . That was a mistake . While this item does work and produce labels , you have to crush your fingers squeezing the handle to get the letters to imprint clearly , and getting the label to actually cut itself from the tape is nearly impossible without just using a pair of scissors . On top of that , the label itself is n't very sticky , and falls off shortly after you attach it . I still own this , just in case I need to label something insubstantial , but for the most part , it 's sitting in my toolbox , gathering dust.If you 're considering this , get into your word processing program , type up some nice text labels , and affix them with tape . That will produce better results than this does .
 I honestly do n't know what to make of this product . Sites like terraserver-usa . com , maps.live.com , and maps.google.com make these very photos -LRB- and superior ones -RRB- freely and legally available to anyone who wants them . Take it from someone who 's spent hours upon hours studying theme park aerial photos online over the last few years . To me , it seems like quite a ripoff to charge money for a calendar that features photos that one can simply print out of one 's own computer .
 My church decided to purchase these to make it more efficiant at the time of making the deposit to the bank , the deal seemed perfect only that when we received it and was ready to use we found out more than 50 % of the straps where not stick as it should so we ended up placing scotch tape : -LRB-
 These straps did not stay together . They kept popping open and i ended up taping them all It was very frustrating . I contacted the company and they asked me if I would like a new set and that was the last I heard from them
 Perhaps I 'm expecting too much , but I 'd really expected better from Pendaflex . Calling these folders `` box bottom '' is , at best , misleading . The bottoms offer no support whatsoever and the cardboard reinforcement strips they give you are totally worthless . End result is that the bottoms sag enough that the folders drag on the bottom of the drawer .
 I needed a 900MHz phone to eliminate the possibility of interference with my existing 5.8 GHz cordless phone on a different phone line and my 2.4 GHz wireless router . The reason I bought this particular 900MHz cordless phone was because it was considered a Consumer Reports `` CR Best Buy '' . Unfortunately , by the time I purchased the phone , I could only find the `` Remanufactured '' version for sale . Within 4 months of using the phone , the battery would not hold a charge for more than a few seconds . Unfortunately , the warranty was only for 30 days . Replacement batteries for this phone range between $ 10 and $ 18 -LRB- the phone itself was only $ 29.99 -RRB- . Since I was n't sure if the problem was the phone or just the battery , I just settled on buying a new phone in the same price range instead .
 This was a cheap Panasonic phone that I picked up !! When they say you get what you paid for , it is true !!! The battery does n't hold a charge !! Missing a lot of functions !! No light to blink when you have voice mail messages , no key pad on base , need to edit local incoming caller id to remove area code , etc. . Low price = Cheap !!
 Poor communication . I was notified that the printer was not coming when they said it would , but was never given another date . After waiting some time I cancelled the order and said I ordered another one from someone else . I guess they do n't read their email either . The next day they shipped the item . Now I have two , but am not going to spend another $ 20 to ship it back to them . Believe me I would never buy from this company again !
 I purchased this phone with the accessory handsets -- three of them to be exact and I 've had the same problem with all of the handsets ... none of them can retain a charge . One phone will hold for about 10 minutes and the other phones will die after only 2 minutes of use ! Of course , this happened after the approved return period , so now I am stuck with these phones that do not work.Do not buy this phone under any circumstances . If it was just one of the cordless phones , I would have thought it was just a defective battery , but all three of the cordless phones are having the same problem which makes me think that it 's a manufacturing problem.The corded telephone with the answering machine work great , but if you are in the market for an expandable system , then this is not the phone system for you .
 This was a heavily-inked counterfeit that gummed up the keys . I contacted the seller and he gave me a refund which was the right thing to do . I would buy from him again .
 I did my homework before buying the projector and the x1 came up on top of the list . Right price , amazing picture quality and great reviews . I was impressed ! So I went ahead and bought it , Jan. 2004 -LRB- $ 999 -RRB- . First bulb lasted 2000 hrs -LRB- not bad I thought -RRB- , picture was great . The best deal I made ! I thought . Then the noise came , a horrible grinding noise coming from the unit started right after the warranty expired . Coincidence ??? Who knows ! Base on what I 've been reading lately it seems like more and more people are coming out with the same problem . The noise is now so loud and annoying -LRB- table-saw cutting wood -RRB- I had to stop using the projector . I wrote to Infocus but they want $ 259.00 without even seeing the unit . I do n't think Infocus will fix it right anyways so I guess I 'll be shopping for a new projector next week and it sure wo n't be an Infocus this time . Fool me once shame on you , full me twice shame on me . Thanks Infocus , I 'm now the proud owner of a $ 1000 dead bat hanging on my ceiling !
 After a lot of research we bought an X1 in July 2003 for home theatre use . For the price , you could n't complain - we watched TV as well as movies and loved it so much that we recommended it to a friend who purchased one . About 3 weeks before the 2 year warranty expired it started getting noisy , but the problem would come and go so -LRB- regetably -RRB- we did n't act on it straight away . As it got worse we contacted Infocus who refused to do anything about it because the warranty period had expired . The noise was created by a problem with the fan that cools the colour wheel . The fan itself is probably a $ 20 part , but the bad design of the projector meant that you could n't just replace the fan , but had to replace the whole colour-wheel assembly - at a cost of $ 1000 for the part !!! -LRB- more than the cost of the projector -RRB- . A few months after the noise started the globe exploded . Needless to say , we are now in the market for a new projector and its not likely to be an Infocus model .
 Actually , I have the `` master '' phone and 2 other handsets that came with it . Immediately after purchasing the first phones I was pleased and purchased the last handset for the guest room . That was over a year ago and I have to say that now I 'm not happy with any of the phones . Too much static in the lines , the range is not at all good -LRB- if I go to the patio , with the receiver in the kitchen about 10 feet away , the person on the other end ca n't hear me -RRB- , and I can hear the main line buzzing all the time . I would n't purchase the set , or the additional handset , again .
 I have had the phone for a 2 years and you can no longer read the called id on any of the phones -LRB- I have 3 additional sets -RRB- - some of the additional sets I hardly use so I do n't understand the reason for that . The sound quality really stinks - volume is low no matter how high you turn it up . It started out good and has gotten progressively worse over time . I hate this phone - do n't make the mistake of buying it !
 Bought this phone in July 2007 at Target - the base station + 1 additional handset . I was really delighted with it at first - I especially liked the speaker phone and mute buttons on the handset - those are hard to find . I found the talk time to be quite adequate , would use it for 8 + hours of conference calls from my home office and it would still be going strong . However , I noticed the batteries starting to lose their rechargability in the fall of 2008 , and replaced the batteries on both handsets in December 2008 . Since I replaced the batteries , there is terrible static on both handsets , and the talk time is now about 1.5 hours before the handset starts beeping low battery . I believe I am experiencing interference with my Wireless LAN , but the strange thing is , I did n't have this problem before replacing the batteries .
 I have purchased 4 handsets for this phone base . 2 have worked as designed . One had a poor LCD display for caller ID , but I kept it anyway . The second was impossible to use . The phone transmitter did not work at all . I had it completely hooked up with phone numbers added to the memory . Then one the first call , I discovered that the person on the other end could not hear me . Trying to return it to Thomson , Inc was futile . The address I had in Texas was no longer valid . To pay shipping charges to Canada will end up costing more than the item . 50 % quality assurance is definitely below acceptable standards .
 This whole 6.0 digital phone system is garbage . I can not hold a conversation due to the dropouts during a conversation . Its like using a cell phone in a fringe service area . Saying it is n't affected by static interference is a blatent lie ! I 'm throwing the whole thing in the garbage where it belongs . A total waste of money
 These phones were dreadful , in pretty much every way . If the stuff GE makes for the military is as bad as these phones , we 're screwed .
 We have had the phones for about a year or whenever they came out . I wanted something that would not interfere with my wireless network.From the very first day the reception has been horrible . There 's constant static on the line and it 's even hard to hear the person on the other end . I would NOT recommend these phones at all.I am going to give this one more try - am installing a new phone service to see if it 's the phone lines but honestly I do n't think so.I will probably have to get another complete new set of phones - what a waste in an economic time when there is no extra money . I got the set with one base and two extensions .
 I bought the base station and four handsets . The Caller ID does not work consistently on any of the sets . It will work at times on each of the handsets , but almost never works to all four sets at the same time . I have returned all of the equipment to Thompson , Inc. who made them.GE 6.0 Digital Accessory Handset
 This phone is HORRIBLE ! I made a hasty decision to purchase this at my local Circuit City when my daughter tried flushing my old Panasonic 's down the toilet.The TALK button is large and in a very bad spot ... if you tend to prop your phones on your shoulder while multitasking -LRB- As most Moms have to do -RRB- your cheek will hang up on the caller . This has even happened while my kids are using the phone . Another major problem is the volume . I have the volume turned all the way up and most of the time -LRB- especially if you are not is a completely quit room -RRB- you have to ask the caller to repeat themselves . I 'm ditching this phone so I do n't have to run and hide someplace quiet to hear a caller then accidently hang up on them when I can finally hear them ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID !!
 Lots of nice features on this phone with an excellent price . But the volume is much too low , even when turned up to the max , especially for us older folks who do n't hear very well . We are constantly asking our callers to speak up . We just can not use these phones . Anyone want to buy them ?
 I purchased this phone as an extra to use with my current phone system . I am comparing it directly with the one I already have , & it does not compare . I do n't know why it would be different , but it is . it 's not loud enough even with the volume all the way up . Also , when you plug in the earpiece , it sounds terrible . The earpiece sounds perfect with my current phone . Very Strange , since they are the same phone .
 dont waste your money on these . we bought them because they were economical and looked nice . we rarely use our house phone and only 3 years later , all 3 phones have unreadable displays and we are now replacing the batteries since none of them hold a charge anymore . wish we would ahve spent more money upfront and saved ourselves the headache of hacing to spend money on phones we use so rarely .
 I received this phone * for free * from my cable company for signing up for their digital phone service , and I am just as disapponted and disturbed about this phone 's quality as if I had paid for this phone . I never could have imagined such poor quality from a name such as General Electric . And by the way , I can not believe the exhorbitant amount of money that this phone is selling for on this site . This phone has to cost all of $ 1.00 to manufacture.Firstly , the sound quality is terrible . FROM DAY ONE , I have never been able to use this phone using the standard `` Talk '' button . In order to hear anybody , I must always have the phone on the speakerphone function . And about 50 % of the time , the phone is * up against my ear * while I 'm using the speakerphone function!Secondly , WITHIN WEEKS , the letters/numbers in the display window became all obscured / work only halfway . So I ca n't read any of the important info -LRB- like Caller ID -RRB- in the display . So between these 2 very important things - not being able to hear anything well , and not being able to see anything in the display - the phone is almost worthless .
 I purchased a two-pack of Stanley FatMax xtreme Chisel Tip Markers model 47-314 at a Lowe 's store recently . This was the last pack and was discounted due to it being a clearance item . When I got home and opened the sealed package and tried to use the markers , they were both completely dried up . I called the Stanley company and was told they could not send me any replacements , because `` they come from a distribution center in Connecticut . '' I was told to return them to the store . -LRB- contrary to the website warranty instructions -RRB- Unless I find the receipt , which is doubtful , I 'm out the cost of these . The markers look ` heavy duty ' , but are useless unless they contain ink .
 if you 're interested in a skype/landline phone that works forget this . we literally threw ours out . on the landline , calls came in so low in volume one could not hear . using skype , calls were bearly acceptable and one incurred a huge hum & distortion of the audio on every call not applicable to skype . another negative is you must go through your pc to utilize skype.we replaced this piece of garbage with a philips voip8411 b37 . it operates flawlessly without requiring a pc .
 I got the phone and set it up with ease . To find that it needed a usb cable and software was unexpected and only complicates things . When you want to make a call you need your computer on and skype running . I had to set my skype settings and use the skype program in my computer to select who i wanted to call , And was unable to find my skype contacts in the phone to call someone . It made my computer and internet very slow and having a Quad Core , 4 Gig 's of ram , etc this is n't normal . When i unplugged the device from my computer , everything sped back up again .
 This product needs more work . Mine was purchased in February 2008 . Loading the software on a Vista OS machine -LRB- which may have contributed to the problem -RRB- , the 2 in 1 never fully connected with Skype ; example
 I received this for Christmas . After letting the batteries charge for a day , we installed the software and plugged the phone in . The handset would not talk with the base unit . Basically , the phone was defective . After a very disappointing/frustrating conversation with `` tech support '' , we ended up giving the gift back to the person that gave it to us . Do n't waste your money on this phone .
 Installation was not easy . Directions for use are not too clear either . After calling out -LRB- never did receive phone call to this device -RRB- phone would not work again . Had to download a bunch of additional info and upgrades . Very time consuming - this is not a `` plug and play '' device . GE customer service not very knowledgable about specs for phone . So unless you are already technically inclined , I would not recommend purchase or trying to operate phone without pro help . Would be a nice phone - if it works !!
 I bought this phone a couple of years ago . I had absolutely NO problems with the Skype portion of the phone at all . Everything worked beautifully . The issue with the phone was the landline portion . I found that regular landline calls made with the phone were not very clear . I could n't always hear what people were saying to me . It 's like the volume would drop on its own . So , I stopped using the phones . Today , I decided to give them another try with Windows 7 OS . After downloading a firmware update the Skylink software and the hardware were recognized . Again , the Skype portion works well . The landline is still doing the same thing it always did . I ca n't hear some people very well at all when making a regular landline call . So , I guess I 'm putting them away again . Too bad . It 's a great looking little phone and works well in every way but making regular -LRB- landline -RRB- phone calls .
 I bought this about 2 years ago . I really regret buying it . It is the worst item which I have bought in Amazon . I can not believe it is still in sale , even with that price ! When you call by using Skype , you should turn on your computer . How stupid this is ! It has 2 functions , Internet phone & standard one . I really hope it can just have an average ` STANDARD PHONE ' performance . Though I gave up the internet phone just after I bought it , it did n't work good as the standard phone . Too noisy ! I could n't hear the caller well . I should buy another standard phone at BEST BUY with my wife 's severe complaint . I will never recommend this !
 This phone is TERRIBLE !! I mean the voice quality is okay , but if the phone is plugged into the USB port on your computer it disables the sound ... which defeats the purpose . I 'd rather use my headset than this phone and I would n't recommend it to anyone . Unless you do n't mind not having sound on your PC . I 'll give it one thumb up and one thumb down .
 When they advertised `` big button '' I believed that they meant it . But this is NOT , I repeat NOT , a big button phone . If you are buying for a visully impaired person , or even just because you do n't see as well as you used to , you 're making a mistake !
 This phone has no speed dial or memory function to store commonly called numbers . This is such a common feature that I assumed every phone has it these days , but apparently not .
 Do not have a clue to the properties of this item as it has been about 45 days and I still have not received the item . : -LRB-
 I purchased this phone for my father-in-law approx . 3 weeks ago . It is NO LONGER WORKING as of 1 week ago . His last Panasonic big button cordless phone lasted approx . 10 years . Why is it so difficult to find a phone with bigger buttons , without all the extra unneeded buttons , and long lasting quality . My 85 year old father-in-law would be hard pressed to find a good quality phone to suit his needs . I went to 5 stores locally and then went online to countless sites to find this and then it did not last .
 Looking at the picture led me to believe that the handheld receiver was thick enough in the back that I could hold it without my fingers getting in my way when I talk , but as soon as I took it out of the box , I could tell that I would have a problem with it.If it were cheaper , I might not even bother sending it back , but I paid 40 bucks . It 's goin ' back .
 This phone was the right size and just about perfect but now we can not make an outgoing call . The buttons do not register the numbers . Warranty exprired . A waste of money , look elsewhere.UPDATE
 After reading the reviews here , I purchased this for a senior citizen with little manual dexterity , and low vision . All of the buttons are too small , and there is inadequate space between them , resulting in him not being able to operate it hardly at all . -LRB- We also tried the Northwestern Bell Big Button model , which was just very marginally better , but still not enough -RRB- . To add insult to injury , because I am in a very trying situation right now , and was not able to return it within 30 days , Amazon tells me that they will only refund 80 % of the purchase price . If they will reconsider this and give me back the full amount , I will gladly retract this part of my review , and continue to do business with them . Everything that I 've ever heard about Jeff Bezos and what he has built with Amazon seems positive , but I really disagree with the refund policy in my case .
 Panasonic KX-TG2302B 2.4 GHz FHSS GigaRange Big Button Digital Cordless TelephoneAmazon offered this product for sale as NEW . The box had a label tape , `` FACTORY INSPECTED '' , that had to be broken to remove the telephone . Prior experience told me this was a REFURBISHED OR RETURNED PRODUCT and would only carry a 90 day warranty instead of their usual one year warranty . I called Panasonic and they confirmed my suspicions . Communications with Amazon resulted in Amazon warranting the product for one year . Amazon said they would look into this problem . I have n't heard back from them in three weeks . Amazon needs to correct this serious breech . Products such as this do not sell for as much as NEW PRODUCTS . I feel I 've been cheated .
 Very nice audio quality and useful features such as a handset speakerphone . Unfortunately , after about six months , the phone developed a pronounced echo that got worse and worse eventually making it extremely difficult if not impossible to use . Then , without warning , the phone 's answering machine started forgetting to record messages even though it answered calls and played the pre-recorded message . I have grave doubts about the quality of these units .
 This phone has sucky performance and the battery life went away fast . Now it hardly keeps a charge . The caller ID takes too long to come up and if I am in my backyard the phone starts ringing way too late . I have people tell me it rang three or four times before I pickup , except that I pick up during the first ring . I am throwing this away .
 I usually have good luck using Consumer Reports ratings but this time was a bust . This phone has consistently underperformed in battery life and clarity . It has this annoying habit of not picking up a call until the second or third ring . I have missed quite a few calls as a result . After only 6 months , it is time for a new battery . Instead , I will be getting a new phone .
 I always search the consumer websites and read reviews before I purchase most items . This phone was highly rated and ended up being my choice . Shortly after using the phone , it started `` acting up . '' I would answer the phone when it rang and found nobody on the other end of the line . I would say , `` Hello , Hello ? '' My callers would subsequently get through to me and say that they could hear me , even though I could n't hear them . Panasonic has always been a preferred brand in my mind ; however , this product misses the mark .
 I too am a victim of consumer reports . The battery life after 7 months is about 20 minutes of talk time and 3 hours off the charger . I even made sure to let it fully charge and die the first 3 or 4 times when I bought it . And what kills me is the batteries cost just about as much as the phone itself . Otherwise the phone works , stupid phone . But now I have to get another new phone to replace this one which replaced another GE piece of crap . Technology !! They put they can put a TV in a Refrigorator but they ca n't make a battery .
 This phone is decent for awhile , but then slides into a downhill spiral.The battery life is pretty bad . I found that I could only talk for about an hour -LRB- or leave the phone off the cradle for a few hours -RRB- without the battery giving out.Awhile after I bought this phone , it started getting random static on the line . At first , I could switch channels and solve the problem , but then it became so bad that conversations were almost pointless . What 's worse . I was n't a hundred feet away from the base unit . I 'd be sitting less then 3 feet from it!All in all , this product makes me wary of Panasonic phones . Clearly poorly designed and not well built .
 Battery is close to dead only after three months . The volume was never good . The worst phone ever bought .
 The battery life is unacceptable . When this phone was new , the battery lasted for about three hours of talk time at the most . It 's 9 months later , and now the battery lasts for about 1/2 hour . For years , Panasonic has been a reputable company with good products . But not this time . I plan on buying the Panasonic PP501 replacement battery that was mentioned in an earlier review . But if that does n't improve my satisfaction with this product , I will be putting it right where it belongs - in the trash .
 If I could rate this phone -1 , I would . The battery life of this phone is horrible . When I was using it , I had to recharge it every 10 hours or it would die out on me . I did not keep it on the base because I thought it would be fine without having to recharge everyday - WRONG ! Do not buy this phone .
 This phone did n't last long at all - like everyone said - poor battery life is my guess . I 've had a VTech for much longer and it is still working . I would not buy again !!
 This phone is horrible . I also bought it based upon the great review in Consumer Reports , but I frequently get static when talking . The caller ID takes too long to come on , and sometimes just does n't come on at all . The battery life is horrible , much worse than the cheaper phone I used to have . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!
 I got this phone two months ago after having another Panasonic phone , that I loved , for 7 years with no problems . But the battery does not work right ! I get cut off in the middle of conversations all the time ! And that 's after having the phone hung up all night . I do n't even get 30 minutes of talk time before the battery decides to cut out on me . I am throwing this phone in the trash . I 'm very disappointed . I know it 's a cheap phone so you ca n't expect much , but I have had cheaper corded phones that have lasted for years ! Do n't buy it !
 Phone works better than any cordless we have had , battery is now nearly completely dead after only 6 months of use . Trying to decide whether to spend $ 12 for a new battery or $ 20 for a new phone .
 I am a long-time fan of Panasonic products and when -LRB- here it comes -RRB- Consumer Reports recommended it , I bought it as a gift for a friend . The friend and I do n't speak as much as we did before I got the phone for her , because the thing does n't stay charged . Shame on you , Panasonic .
 The battery supplied with this phone failed to sustain a charge about four or five months after I purchased the unit . I replaced it with a GE battery which worked properly thereafter . The phone itself stopped working about three years after purchase , although I never once dropped the receiver . I 'm replacing it with a different brand .
 This was a cheap Panasonic phone that I picked up !! When they say you get what you paid for , it is true !!! The battery does n't hold a charge !! Missing a lot of functions !! No light to blink when you have voice mail messages , no key pad on base , need to edit local incoming caller id to remove area code , etc. . Low price = Cheap !!
 I concur with all comments concerning the battery . What a piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- ! Although I do n't have this Panasonic model -LRB- I have a Panasonic KX TG2215 - unfortunately , a much more expensive model -RRB- , the battery is equally worthless . I 'm on my second -LRB- and LAST -RRB- battery within a year . I 'm giving the phone to my girl friend 's elderly mother who does n't usually spend more than 15 minutes on the phone at a time , which is the absolute outer limits of the in-use-battery charge . I seriously doubt I will ever buy a Panasonic phone again .
 I started having problems with the battery within 3 months . It is a real dud . I would not advise anyone to buy this phone regardless of the inexpensive price .
 Not heavyweight compared to the heavyweight I buy at Staples , by a long shot . I 'd hate to see their ` lightweight ' . In fairness , maybe this is what heavyweight IS these days .
 I bought two items ; one was digital answering machine but phone could not if I return this phone cost shipping not worthy .
 This is a very basic phone which does not need external power to function , which is good if you have a power failure.It works , but they seem to have cut a lot of corners in the manufacturing . The base is very light and slides easily on the table if you pull too hard on the handset cord . It needs some added weight . The major electronics are in the handset , not the base . The keypad hardly lights up at all . It 's barely useful in the dark , but better than nothing I suppose . The handset cord could be longer I think . The buttons feel kind of cheaply made too.The price is reasonable if you qualify for free super saver shipping . It looks OK externally . A nice white color . This would be fine for emergency use or a rarely used extension , but I would n't consider it good for something to be used every day .
 I bought this to replace an ATT trimline that stopped working after more than 30 years . It does the job so far -LRB- 2 days -RRB- but is in every respect feeble compared to the old one .
 Did n't ask for much out of this phone . Just needed a phone that can be attached to a wall phone plate and has a ringer , earpiece , mouthpiece and a `` 9 '' button - the entire intention was to be the phone that rings when someone comes to the building door , enters our unit number , it calls this phone , it rings , I answer it , confirm who is there and press 9 to open the door.Unfortunately , like seemingly everything these days , somewhere along the line , this classic , once-reliable phone received the typical corporate corner cutting in the quality department . It seemed fine at first , but after only a couple uses -LRB- literally ! -RRB- , the button under the earpiece that is supposed to hang up the line broke ... So the phone was permanently `` off hook . '' As I had already discarded the box , I did not ask Amazon for a refund -LRB- It was under $ 10 anyhow , so I figured I would chalk it up to learning and never buy anything with `` AT&T ; '' imprinted on it , providing services for , etc. - not a difficult move to make as my cumulative experiences with AT&T ; since the late 1980s have been entirely negative -RRB- . So , I tossed this piece of junk in the bin and did some research on a better phone - I knew that new businesses such as hotels and airports , etc. still get those solid , well made industrial quality phones that the phone company used to issue when someone subscribed to a telephone line back in the old days before the AT&T ; breakup in 1984 , but where were they getting them I wondered ? Well , it turns out , if you only need one , you can get not one , but one of a few different models from Amazon . I selected theCetis Scitec 2554E Redone because it was red and as it was going in the kitchen , where there are a lot of red appliances -LRB- I like Red , what can I say ? -RRB- , it seemed to match my needs . I figured that if I did not like the quality , I would return it and get another model from one of the other manufacturers . All I wanted was a phone built like a tank like they were in the old days ... To be honest , The Scitec phone is not so much a tank as it is a Jeep . I say that as the hook is a piece of acrylic or some other rather durable plastic , not the heavy metal hook of yesteryear . It is also lighter and thus less durable than those old phone that the Bell Company hung in my Mom 's kitchen in the 1970s . Those old phones back then were occasionally featured in film and TV for the useful purpose of bludgeoning to death someone who oh so rightly deserverd it before Columbo arrived in the morning with his `` oh , just one more thing '' and ... That having bean said , if the current incarnation of the 210 phone were used to whack someone in the head , all that person would get is a very cross face as the attacker stands there with a sheepish grin and a a bunch of cheap broken plastic in their hand!Speaking of broken plastic ... When I tossed the thing in the bin , the handset split in half and bits came flying out . I did not throw it in there with any force ... I simply tossed it ... what a piece of crap !
 I bought 2 of these phones for my mom . She needed a light-up keypad since she has cataracts . The light inside the phone only illuminates a couple of numbers , and then not very brightly . She also did not like the ringtone . She prefers a ringtone of older standard phones , which is why I chose the Trimline . It 's a classic style that I expected to meet her expectaions . It did not , and my 30 days from ordering it were up , so I could not return them , so I passed the phones on to my daughter for her new house .
 I purchased this phone through Amazon from Atlanta Network Technologies . The telephone works but the memory could n't be programed to save numbers . I have not returned the phone for a refund because the shipping cost , which I have to pay , is as much as I paid for the phone . So much for a good deal .
 I purchased this telephone for my older mother due to the fact it had lighted key pad . When I hooked it up for her needless to say the numbers were very dull where she still had a hard time seeing . We packed the product up and put it in the closet .
 This unit has failed , it will not dial out or receive calls . Can I get a replacement for this unit ?
 I wanted a basic telephone that was affordable and designed to be hassle-free -LRB- just easy to use -RRB- . I got exactly that , but I also got a phone whose keypad did n't work days later . I returned it and got a similar , but better phone.I needed a basic , corded -LRB- so when I dropped it , I could retrieve it -RRB- phone next to my hospital bed for emergency calls or just calls from loved ones who are concerned about me . I am bedridden and I have n't walked for decades ; A good performing , reliable phone was what I was looking for -- not what I got!My physical issues are due to a neuro-muscular disease/disorder -LRB- supposedly supported by MDA -RRB- that is both debilitating and degenerative . It involves the progressive loss of coordination and muscle strength leading to motor incapacitation . In my experience , MDA is a JOKE ! I have learned that MDA attempts to make everyone believe that they are out to help people like me , but instead , exploit us for their own selfish monetary gain ! During my lifetime of 45 years , realistically , MDA has n't done anything for my disease/disorder -- not even a simple treatment ! Thus , I need this particular item as a result of this continuation of my physical decline .
 This item never arrived . I emailed the supplier , Polsteins Home and Beyond , they never got back to me . It was to arrive a month ago . I finally looked them up and got their phone number . They said the item was discontinued . They also said they wrote an email on the 9th telling me that it was discontinued . I did n't get one.The phone was for my mother who is elderly and in desperate need of a phone like this . Days mattered.I order a lot of stuff through Amazon . This is an experience that will make me question whether they are good for things like this .
 This review is NO reflection on the seller just the product . It was cheap but I bought it anyway going against my standars . It broke in 3 days ! My advice , spend a little more money and get a better phone .
 Wanted a phone with a small footprint and memory dialing for my desk . AT&T not my first choice because of problems with an answering machine a few years ago but only one I could find with memory . Trying to enter numbers into one-touch and memory dialing was frustrating . Repeated efforts required . Changed ringer tone from 2 to 1 . Within a few days memory had been cleared and ringer tone back to 2 . Reentered numbers and ringer tone . After five days memory was cleared out again along with ringer tone . Manually dialing works OK but that 's not all I paid for . Still in warranty but I 'm not going through a frustrating return process only to have the same problems reoccur . When the manual dialing goes the phone goes in the trash . I am sick and tired of junk produced in China .
 Received my phone and connected it and everytime I used it , you could hear beeping on the line . Emailed the company wanted to exchange for another phone . They said they dont do that , I needed to send the phone back . I called them hoping to get a different reply , and asking about the shipping cost.She said it would depend on the condition of the phone , the phone was brand new , I tried to explain to her that the phone was defective . I sent the phone back and they refunded me for just the cost of the phone . I paid more in shipping charges then what I paid for the phone .
 ATT always had great telephones . I still have a 530 that works fine . Perhaps outsourcing -LRB- to the Philippines -RRB- , or all the money spent on athletic advertising has taken away from any monies better spent on continuing the tradition of making great telephones . I got a 210 because I needed a basic telephone that was inexpensive and would be dependable -LRB- an ATT -RRB- . Instead I got garbage . One by one features would not work . I needed a longer cord so it went to a hardware store -LRB- where the owner use to work for Verizon -RRB- and he said the telephone was defective . The cord would not work . Radio Shack said the same thing . I called the service number and got the outsource who asked me to describe a couple of the issues . I was then told it was defective and to send it back . I also said I needed an extension cord and could I get one from them ? They said anyone would work . I said I did not feel I should have to spend several dollars to send a $ 13 telephone back -LRB- received through Amazon free shipping and I should risk receiving another defective unit ? -RRB- . They said they could do nothing else . I asked for a supervisor and was given a complaint email address -LSB- ... -RSB- to write to about it and instead of a written reply I get a telephone call and who do you think calls me ? The same outsource office . They want me to contact them so they can work something out . I email them that they can certainly send me a prepaid label with a new and working telephone and I would return the defective one in the box the new one comes in . I had not heard from them in months so I called them before the warranty ran out to ask why did you have to speak with me and not respond to my emails . I was told we prefer to speak with our customers personally about their options . OK . What are they ? I was told there were two
 This phone is okay for a cheap phone , but on a wall mount , the receiver will NOT stay on the base , it just falls off .
 this phone is similar to a toy a child may get with a kids meal at a fast food restraunt . call waiting never worked and phone was super cheapy -LRB- hopefully not toxic -RRB- . not made by att . for good simple phone try Cortelco 2500 . made in usa and has worked well .
 I bought it for the price but I would have bought something a little bit more expensive because it 's really poor quality . We only use in case of emergencies but I put it away if I do n't use it because I do n't really like it .
 I cant believe that it doesnt work . I have had a few in the past and they were great ! What happended ?
 I have four children who consistently leave cordless phones off the base with dead batteries , so I decided to buy some good old-fashioned corded phones for my house . I bought two of these AT&T models and two from Uniden . Now the two kids who received the AT&T models in their rooms always have to use the phones in their Uniden siblings ' rooms , because these AT&T models basically suck . And indeed , every time I 've tried to answer the phone in a AT&T kid 's room , without fail the caller asks me if I there is another phone I can use since they can barely hear me . Every time . If you 're looking for an inexpensive , corded phone , go with a Uniden .
 My wife bought two AT&T model 210 Corded phones , from Amazon , in the last month . Both died in less than a week . This model of phone appears to be EXTREMELY fragile , where static electricity is concerned ! One time they may ring , and work ; and the very next time , you pick them up , and they are dead . We do live in a part of the country that is very dry ; especially in winter . As a result , static electricity is inevitable here . If you are aware of even small amounts of static electricity in your part of the country , I would urge you NOT to buy this model of phone . Sadly , it really is a ridiculously fragile piece of junk .
 Do not purchase this phone - it is a piece of cheap junk - dial tone button hangs - I took to next door neighbor , former SWB repairman , he took a look inside and said it was not worth throwing away - I did anyway and made a trip to Radio Shack and bought another phone , probably another piece of foreign make cheap junk .
 The product description says `` You can place the base on a convenient surface or easily mount it on the wall , saving on counter space . `` NOT TRUE.We bought this phone specifically to mount on our kitchen wall , but it does n't work at all as a wall mounted phone.Well , yes , you can mount the base on the wall . But then when you try to place the phone receiver unit in the base , it falls right out . Not even close .
 The telephones dial tone would go off and on , you would have to hit the phone for it to come back on . When speaking on the phone you sounded like you were speaking in a tunnel . I would not recommend buying this phone - I returned it .
 My husband installed the phone and it worked fine ... for the first phone call and that was it . It was like talking in a tunnel with lots of static . Absolutely awful . Total waste of money .
 I bought this phone as a backup when the electric was out . The problem is the phone when plugged in the wall jack it falls out of the receiver . The small hook to keep it in place does not hold it and we had to resort to duck tape to keep it in place . We have tried to adjust the plastic hook and if the phone gets bumped it still falls out . The plastic hook seems to move and it will not stay in one place . So if it is too far in the phone falls out or if it is too far out the phone will not sit in the receiver . And the worst part is we have realized that if it is not just right we can not get incoming calls . The person calling hears a ring then a click then nothing . I know it was a cheap phone but now we need to look for something else .
 this phone is cheap and cheaply made do not waste your money it shorted out giving me a shock and then lost sound and ringer and it is NOT made by the real AT&T co. i would give it zero stars f i couldd
 I wanted a touch tone phone that relied solely on telephone line power since we have so many power outages here . The first thing I noticed was the flimsy construction . Once installed , I heard a hum through the dial tone that was not present on any of the other phones in the house . I returned it .
 Based on the reviews of some ppl saying this phone is cheaply constructed , I have to disagree . I found this phone to be heftier than I would have thought -LRB- solid durable plastic -RRB- . What do you expect from a phone that costs about $ 10.00 . You ca n't expect to get the old ATT trimline phones from 25 yrs ago that lasts a lifetime.I bought this over a month ago and have n't had any problems . It 's fine for the bedroom and for use as a back up if the power goes out and the cordless phones do n't work . The numbers light up and you do n't need to plug it in an AC outlet . It gets its power right from the wall outlet phone jack.The volume control is a great feature for anyone that 's hard of hearing . It can get pretty loud on the high volume setting.For $ 10 , buying this phone was a no-brainer . The only drawback I found was that the cord from the phone to the base was a little short . I had a longer cord laying around from an old phone and just used that.UPDATED 5-21-11 . Phone is now DEFECTIVE !!! The depress button by the ear speaker jammed and would n't release . The phone would not let me answer or get a dial tone . It was just STUCK there . When I tried to release it by pressing it on and off with my fingers , it broke . DO N't BUY THIS PHONE !!!
 I bought this phone along with a cordless AT&T phone , and they both quit working within 4 months . I will never order any phones ONLINE again . Will buy them from a nearby source , where I can easily take them back for a refund . Will not buy from AT&T until they improve , if ever .
 It works fine and is a good price for someone wanting a phone with no frills . Not a 5 star product , but serviceable.Let me recomend a 5 star product that is also a good price : Lindsey 's Backyard Adventure
 I ordered a white phone and you sent me a hunter green phone . Then I had to pay to send it back and that took time away from things I wanted to do . The reason for shoping on line was for convenients . So my first try was bad , and I might not do it again . Jim Dellinger
 I bought two of them -LRB- about a month ago now -RRB- . First one would n't pull a dial tone.Second one would n't dial an `` 8 '' and the microphone quality was so poor that no one could understand what I was saying.Nice quality control , AT&T. ; In my opinion , based on actual experience with two of these phones , these things would n't be worth the time to order if they were free with free shipping.If you work in theater and need a cheap phone for one of your actors to throw in a heated scene , I highly recommend this phone . It would be perfect for that .
 The phone cord that came with this phone was too short , so I tried to change it to a longer one . No can do.The phone cord that connects from the wall to the base of the phone can not be changed . All other phones I have seen , there is a phone back for the wall and one for the base of the phone . Not with this phone . The end that connects to the base of the phone goes inside the phone.I even undscrewed the base , only the find out the other end of the phone cord connects to a computer chip and is not a phone jack.I returned this less than a day after I bought it . Do n't waste your money on this . If you ca n't adapt the phone to different sized rooms , what is the point ?
 Save your $ . Buy a Barbie phone . See UPDATE , below.This is not the AT&T ; Trimline with which we grew up . I am bummed about that . The phone works , and I am keeping it , but it overall has a very cheap feeling to it.The mechanisms are in the handset now , not the base , so the base is just a plastic shell that weighs the same weight as two M&M s. ; When you answer the phone , the base will fly off the table and follow the handset , if the cord is twisted together . I am thinking of putting dried beans in the base to add some weight . Then I think how crazy that it is that I have to resort to such measures in post-millennium America . It 's literally the sort of Jerry-rigging that my relatives had to do to their Trabant cars and everything else in East Germany behind the Communist Iron Curtain.The plastic on the handset cord is also thin and matte compared to the original versions.The light on the numbers must be one little bulb . It lights up a few numbers very well , then not so well to not at all , going in a concentric arc from the brightest numbers . Sigh.UPDATE
 I bought this phone as a back up for when the power goes and and cordless phones do n't work . I looked at Wal-Mart and this phone was over half the price of one a similar style . The big drawback to this phone is you can not shut off the ringer ! I do n't need another phone ringing when I get a call , so now it simply sits with the phone line unplugged and wedged underneath it waiting . Had I known I could not turn off the ringer , I would not have bought this phone .
 When I searched `` corded wall phone '' this came up and I ordered it . However , it is NOT a wall phone . I installed it on my wall plate just fine , but the receiver falls off the base . The base is straight up and down , so there 's nothing to keep the receiver in place . i attempted to call AT & T 's customer service to see if there is some trick to installing the phone , but when I entered the model number . the recording said the phone is out of warranty so I was unable to access the help desk.I just ordered a newer version GE trim line phone with caller ID window from 101phones . com . It is described as wall mountable . They have quite a few wall phones to choose from .
 This product is a real lightweight . It does seem to work , but that is about it.I would not recomend this product .
 Susposed to be capable of wall installation . Is n't . Handset will fall off if phone is more than one inch from upright .
 Just wanted a simple corded phone to use on the wall in the basement . Receiver will not stay in place when using as a wall phone so it is useless as a wall phone . For the low price it is not worth the shipping costs to return . No issues with Amazon but it should not be advertised as a wall phone .
 I selected this phone because I wanted one that allows the ringer to be turned off and because of the reasonable price . I mounted the phone on the wall . The phone does not want to stay in the cradle on the wall . It falls off a lot . Also , sometimes when it does stay in the cradle , it does not fit in well enough to keep the button pushed down that disconnects the call . So , I hang up the phone and go on my way . Then after a minute or two I hear the `` IF you would like to make a call ... '' message and discover that the call did disconnect properly . I can hear the dial tone while the phone is in the cradle .
 We bought this phone because it was the only phone we could find that was a corded phone . The phone wo n't hang up and keeps our phone line busy all the time . I would not buy this phone again .
 The phone was purchased to be used as a wall phone . When mounted on the wall , the handset would not stay in the cradle , kept falling out . For that reason it was returned to Amazon . The return was easy .
 I bought this phone to use in a power outage when my cordless phones do not work . It DOES work , but from both sides of the conversation I sound like I 'm in a barrel . Unfortunately threw out the packing material so ca n't return it . I 'll keep it just for emergencies , along with my battery powered lanterns : - -RRB- The shipper was great ... received the phone on time and when expected .
 I bought this phone a few years ago when it was manufactured in Mexico . And it was a pretty good phone . Lasted about five years . But now that it 's manufactured in China , it is not the same quality . For example , the number keys do n't light up completely . And this is right out of the box ! Then the phone kept falling off the receiver on the wall . -LRB- My boyfriend fixed it for me , so that the phone will stay on the kitchen wall . -RRB- ... I 'd like to just go to a phone store and pick a nice land phone out ! But those stores are hard to find .
 This phone has terrible sound , it echos and the party you call can hardly hear you . It needs to be returned . very poor quality .
 This phone is absolutely JUNK and I mean it , seriously and Amazon should stop selling this immediately.I bought one of these AT&T ; 210 phones for my 82 year old mother from Walmart about a year ago as she just could n't get the hang of operating a cordless phone and wanted something simple . So , stupidly I bought two more now from Amazon without reading the reviews believing I was just buying the same phone and guess what , junk and that 's nicely put and does n't even rate a star . And it 's not even white as pictured on the box , it 's like egg shell or something.Well this phone was great , a year ago . What has happened I ca n't understand . It went from a great inexpensive phone to absolute junk in one year.I realized almost instantly that the weight of the base was probably half the weight of the one I had so if you pull the cord at all the phone base will just dangle . The sound quality when I called Mom later was horrible and I could barely understand her . Then she says the volume in the ear piece was so loud it hurt her ear.I am really mad about this junk . I know AT&T ; sold the logo and they should be upset also.Unbelievable and I suppose I will get stuck with the cost of sending this garbage back when it should go straight into the garbage can and then a complete refund.This I discovered had been posted under the black model of this phone . Probably my mistake.So , I deleted the post and re-posted in the right spot.This also gives me the opportunity to correct another mistake I made , in my anger , and that is in regards to my comment about being probably stuck with the return shipping costs.It appears after printing the return documents that I WILL NOT , be charged for returning this JUNKY phone.I apologize to Amazon for my statement but still am not really sure if it is postage free , I think so but I ca n't seem to find the right info explaining to me if or not on the shipping issue.I may be just a bit stupid , but I do know junk when I hear it ...
 I have two . I was pleased with the first one for a year and a half , but now the ringer works only when it is in the mood to . I have tried reprogramming it and double-checked that the ringer is switched on . Some days it just wo n't ring . The second one , I picked up a few weeks ago . It would be great if that one would allow me to dial the number nine , especially since the one number I want to be able to dial quickly from any phone is 9-1-1 . I am not happy . Also , sometimes when it 's on touchtone , it will only dial via pulse , so when I tried to do telephone banking , I had to run to another phone . No amount of toggling back and forth will get it to switch over to touchtone.I was suspicious about the quality of this phone when I noticed the tricky marketing ploy
 I bought this phone as it seems to suit my needs
 Do n't buy this phone . Not all the keys light and when one talks there is an echo in the earpiece that is almost painful . Probably the phone is defective . Back it goes .
 i read the other reviews and took a chance . it quit working after a week . the lighted dial was a joke . i went back to using the , quite possibly , 40 year old wall phone that i found at the thrift store . how is it possible that att can manufacture and sell such a piece of junk ? it 's not like they never built a phone before !
 item arrived quickly , and worked fine - for 3 weeks . Then suddenly , it simply died . Phone lines are working , checked everything with other cordless phones , etc. , even the phone connection cord works on other phones . The phone unit itself died after just 3 weeks of use . Since this is supposed to be my corded phone for emergency situations , this is a definite problem . But lesson learned - you get what you pay for ... since I did n't pay much , I did n't get much . This time , it 'll be a trip to a local brick & mortar store for a replacement , so that returning anything defective will not be such a hassle . Perhaps I 'll finally learn the other important lesson - never buy anything electronic through amazon . I 've yet to buy anything that plugs in to electrical or phone jacks through amazon that has ever worked for more than a few weeks/months . From here on out , I 'll stick to books and things with no moving or electronic parts .
 This phone does n't work . When I need to dial an extension or account number , the recording I dialed just keeps on talking and keypad does n't work . It is a cheap phone and I regret I bought it . I do n't want to pay the postage or go to the post office just to get another piece of junk . I wish the company would replace it on their own by mail , no charge .
 This is the third AT & T 210 wall phone I have purchased , -LRB- Only because there are not many choices for a wall mount phone and my living space is limited not to mention the wall looks very ugly without the phone and I ca n't stand the thought of a non functioning phone if I have to have one there . -RRB- It 's definately cheap and plastic . AT&T ; has gone way down in quality . The first phone I got was heavy and solid and lasted almost 20 years , now I have replaced that exact same phone three times in about 21/2 years!Just like everything else , `` They sure do n't make 'em like they used to ! ''
 I like everything about this phone . It is light weight and the buttons are lit and it is simple to operate , but , there is a very noticeable and annoying buzz in the speaker . If it was not for the fact that I will be using it out in the shop where I do not make a lot of calls , I would be sending it right back for a refund . The electronic static should not be present . I tried it in several jacks and the buzz is in the phone , not over the line . I am dissapointed . I know that I did not spend a lot of money , but I do expect AT&T to make a better product or at least have much better quality control at the facility where it was made .
 Too light as usual . It falls off the table unless I purchase a longer cord.I would rather pay more and get a heavier phone for my nightstand .
 I will recommend against AT&T 's products . This wall phone s just awful , the handset falls off constantly . I will return this phone and will never purchase another product from AT&T .
 Great classic design . I imagine it is a wonderful phone if you get one that works . Mine refused to ring , and yes I checked the ring setting . Returned it .
 This phone is pure garbage . Not at all like the AT&T ; Phones thatused to be . I have ordered this twice now and both of them were junk.Cannot hear clearly on one and people could not hear me on the other . `` You sound like your in a tunnel and it 's all crackly '' . Do n't bother with this product . You will not be happy .
 Over 1/2 phones did not work . Bell phones that do not work ?? We are being fed so much crap here in America . Products that do work or do n't last , and now you can not trust a Bell Telephone . No way to contact seller . DO NOT BUY FROM THEM . AMAZON IS SELLING SO MUCH CRAP NOW TOO , EVEN BELL PHONES DO NOT WORK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this phone , because in the past , I have found AT&T phones to be reliable and good quality and corded phones have had better voice quality . But this phone is clunky and feels cheap . One of the features I needed was the lighted numbers , because I get phone calls for substitute teaching where I have to input a lot of numbers . But the lighting feature is so poor , I have to turn on the room light , anyway , which defeats the purpose of having lighted numbers for me . The ringer is obnoxious and seems to echo . And I do n't like the voice quality . I would return the phone , but it is n't worth it . I will keep it , in case any of my other phones fail , but it certainly is n't a joy to use .
 This phone is identical to a similar model by Trisonic . I thought it might be better because it was AT&T . Well I found out different . I wanted it because of the illuminated keypad . That works OK but when I am on a call , the other party can not hear me very well unless the handset is almost in my mouth .
 I bought 2 of these phones to replace my older AT&T phones I am currently using . I chose this phone because in the past I have had good luck with AT&T phones . Both of these phones had the same problems . The sender 's voice was muffled and not clear at all . There was a rushing and clicking noise in both phones . At first I thought it may have been my phone line , for how could both phones have the same exact problems ? My neighbor and I tried the phones at her house with the same results . This model of phone has problems . On the plus side , I can say nothing but good things about Amazon and its return policy . I printed out the return form , mailed it back UPS and two days later my credit card was credited with my refund . I wo n't buy AT&T again , but I sure am going to continue to buy from Amazon .
 I purchased this phone , because it has the same model number as my old AT&T ; phone -LRB- which lasted at least 15 years -RRB- . The new one was made in china , not like the old one . Everything worked similar to the old one , except the microphone . My voice was so distorted -LRB- highly compressed . bandwidth limited , muffled and low volume -RRB- that my son did not recognize my voice on the first phone call.I returned it , with a request for a replacement . Amazon must have had previous complaints about this item , because I received instead , a full refund . Great service ... lousy phone !
 This phone is a joke . If I had a grandchild , I 'd give it to her/him to take apart and learn about electrical stuff.I was purchasing this for use as a regular landline phone -LRB- unlike the rest of the world , I still use my landline 99.99 % of the time -RRB- . This phone gives you nothing except static interrupted occasionally by a dial tone . It is a hopeless item & I should have believed the other bad reviews , but I thought I 'd be able to get it working.Skip to next item .
 had this cheapo for a couple months . ringer stopped working . also , it looks like an old school phone from back in the day but it is very light and cheap feeling . not at all solid like the phones of the 80s . craptastic , stay away .
 Hang-up button did nothing . Phone rattled when I got it out of the box . Took phone apart and the springs and contacts that make the phone work when you pick it up were the cause of the rattle . Will not buy a phone on Amazon in the future !
 It did n't fit in the application I needed it for . It was hard to tell from the picture and the description .
 I bought this phone for my mother and had it shipped directly to her so I never got to try it out myself . Turns out this phone will only ring ONCE if there are more than 2 phones on the line . This is a 3rd phone that she keeps in the living room . The other two are in the basement and bedroom , which are very nessesary in her home . I have never heard of such a situation before ! I 'll continue looking for a phone that will ring more than once , thank you very much . Ugh !
 Defective - loose handset connector creates static . This is the second one I 've purchased over the past few years and the problem is only getting worse .
 I bought this phone to use as a wall phone . Like many people who bought this phone said the receiver falls off . It is unusable . Who knows what the sound is like I could n't get it to stay on the wall . The phone is very light weight -LRB- cheap -RRB- , not at all like the old AT & t phone of the past . I would not recommend this phone except throw it in the trash .
 I purchased this to replace an old AT&T corded phone that finally quit working . I do n't use corded phones often , only when the electric goes out . This phone is terrible . The voice quality is such that the person on the other line can not understand what you are saying . You really do get what you pay for . I only paid $ 12.00 - not a big deal - probably cost $ 7-8 to return this . One star is for Amazon fast delivery , 0 stars for the phone .
 I have used and loved the Trimline phone for over 20 years . I ordered two , and both were defective . It sounded like I was underwater , and people had trouble hearing me . I drove the next day to Radio Shack and bought them locally , and they were perfect .
 Everyone I talked to using this phone ask me if I was calling from the bottom of a well . The sound quality was so bad that after one week I returned the phone . This phone was a direct replacement for a 10 year old AT&T 210 Phone -LRB- exactly the same model -RRB- which had always works well . Maybe the phone I received was defective but from my experience I certainly ca n't recommend this phone to anyone .
 Bought 2 of these phones , neither of them worked . They distorted my voice so that the person I was trying to talk to could n't understand me .
 All I ask a phone to do is allow me to make and receive calls . I also expect that when I make a call , the person on the receiving end can hear me . Not with this phone . I made several calls to different people , including my voice mail at work . Not one person could understand what I was saying . I checked my voice mail and they were right . The call sounded like I was talkin into a pillow . What the hell happened to ATT quality . I have another ATT phone manufactured in 1986 and it still works as well as the day I bought it . Do n't waste your money on this POS .
 This phone has feedback at the lowest volume setting so much that it is to annoying to use . recomend do not buy !
 I 'm going to be short , I bought the phone and it sounds terrible , I can barley understand my wife , very bad microphone and speaker . I do n't recommend , I was dissapointed . ~ Mark
 I have purchased several AT&T 210 corded phones over the past several years and have always been satisfied with the product . Unfortunately , the manufacturer has recently changed the design . If the only negative design choice was the use of a very light weight plastic , I could live with the consequences . That however is the least of the problems . The sound quality is so severely degraded that conversation is nearly impossible . I have experienced far greater clarity on international calls from third world countries . The 210 should not longer be referred to as a `` phone '' and should not even be offered for sale by Amazon .
 I bought 3 of these from Amazon.com , as I like the design and sound quality . Unfortunately the build quality is poor . On one of the units , if I anwer an incoming call , I get a dial tone and the call is cut off . One of the other units , I get intermittant disconnects . One , however , works fine .
 I purchased this TV cart and had to call Home Decorators because I could n't assemble it . There were no instructions included . They said I could download the instructions from the web , so I did . There were no words , only tiny , badly drawn pictures . From what I could tell , it looked like the holes were drilled in the wrong place on the top shelf . I called customer service again and they sent me another shelf which had the same problem . I called customer service again and said `` maybe I 'm doing something wrong , is there someone who can explain the assembly to me ? '' The customer service person said she did n't want to ask any of the `` warehouse guys '' for help because they 're sarcastic and make fun of her . I called the customer service supervisor to complain . The supervisor went ahead and asked someone in the warehouse to help me . He said to put the rest of the cart together and screw the troublesome shelf on last . I said `` how is that going to make a difference ? it is n't going to change the position of the holes '' But I did what he said and of course , it did n't make a difference . So , I called customer service again . She said maybe it was a defective batch of carts sent to Home Decorators from the manufacturer in Taiwan.My boyfriend used the power drill to screw the shelf onto the legs , he made new holes with the drill , so the cart got assembled but . It did n't come out all that great because the wood is cheap and -LRB- now -RRB- has too many holes in it so its wobbly . I decided it was n't worth it to send it back at this point , I 'm just going find another cart elsewhere that does n't need assembly.I will never buy from Home Decorators ever again . This was the most frustrating experience with mail-order furniture that I 've ever had.PK
 I bought this chair based on all these positive reviews . And I do n't get it . This is one of the most uncomfortable chairs I 've used that I can recall . I had to switch chairs after less than an hour because of the pain . It 's fine if you need to sit for twenty minutes , but I sit at a desk all day . I actually gave the chair away.On the plus side , it was simple to assemble , and it looks much nicer than in the picture .
 The chair was not as comfortable as I had thought after reading the reviews . The cushion was not great -- as time went on , you could feel the screws protruding through the cushion into your body . But for 40 dollars , i think it is a reasonably good chair . Expect the chair to fall apart in 3 years -LRB- assuming average use -RRB- .
 I had to send this back because it could not even be assembled . There are 34 little metal clips that are supposed to hold the sides together . But they are too small and can not even be pressed on with pliers . Their suggested solution was to have one person hold the pieces together while another put on the clips . I am pretty mechanically inclined , and it is clear to me that these clips just do n't fit . I am returning two of them . If you like frustration and a challenge , go for it .
 This was a huge disappointment ! Chintzy ! The box that it was packed in was more substantial than the assembled unit . The plastic channels -LRB- to slide over the partitions -RRB- did not slide at all . For the price , very sub-standard product .
 Read the return policy first ! It stated , for any problem , notify Shoplet within 30 days , after that notify manufacturer . When I asked for manufacturer info , I was totally ignored . I wasted $ 245.88 to get a piece of junk.The desktop organizer was poorly packaged . The particle board material could not withstand the shipping and handling . It was severely banged up . When I opened up the package , one corner was broken off and the other one corner was `` rounded '' off.I bought this desktop organizer to go on a desk . Unfortunately , the desk did not arrive for 7 weeks -LRB- a mistake by a different outfit -RRB- . My mistake was not opening the desktop organizer until I have a desk . It 's too late !
 This has to be the worst phone I have even bought . Well ... . let me rephrase that . The phone itself works pretty ok ... . the answering machine playback is HORRIBLE ! Do n't buy this phone if you actually want to hear and understand your messages . Period ! We made the mistake of going by looks and now we are past the 30 day return period for Amazon and have to deal with Motorola !!!!!
 I thought the Motorola name meant quality products -- but after using this phone I now know better . The following are a few of the problems I had with this phone :1 . What 's the point of having a Caller ID phone if the caller ID information DISAPPEARS after the SECOND ring ... and just says `` ncoming Call '' ? 2 . Sometimes the phone just does NOT ring on the cordless handset when a call is coming in ... it just lights up . I ca n't tell you how many times I 'd hear the corded base phone located in another part of my home ringing -- and the handset next to me does n't .3 . You can not turn OFF or LOWER the volume on the RINGING cordless handset or corded base if you do n't want to answer a call . This is extremely annoying ... and definetly NOT a phone for a home with sleeping babies or those who do not want to be disturbed .4 . You can not listen to messages from the corded base phone PRIVATELY . It only works with the speakerphone .5 . If you want to call a name from your saved phonebook list ... you have to scroll through ALL 100 + names to get to the one you want . On my previous phone all you had to do was hit the keypad number to the corresponding alphabet letter -LRB- example
 I 'm updating this review 2 years later . We have n't used the answering maching part in a long time , but we 're still using the base and handsets with our Voip service . I thought they 'd be in the trash by now , so I 'm upgrading the phone from 2 stars to 3 just for longevity.Old review begins hereThe call quality and range are good , but if you want a decent digital answering machine you 'll be disappointed . The unit allows you to check messages two or three different ways , but the sound quality stinks regardless .
 The phone systematically fell apart . One handset at a time . The base phone did not break , but was of questionable quality .
 I 'm writing this a year and a half after this phone system died completely.I researched this phone over several different sites , and I took the negative reviews with a grain of salt . Take my advice ... I 'm a trendy `` gadget freak '' ... do not buy any home phone from Motorola.The voice quality of the digital answering machine is garbled and muddy . My daughter 's toy walkie talkies sound better ! I have to delete half of my messages because I can not understand them.The first handset completely died -LRB- not just the battery ... the entire handset -RRB- after just 7 months . I figured that it was more hassle than it was worth to contact Motorola for a repair / exchange ... besides I had another handset , right ?!? The second handset also died about a month ago . Once again ... not the battery , the interior components died . It lasted a whole year and 3 months.Finally , the answering machine just gave up . I guess it figured that it had no other option since the other two components died as well.I understand that phones do n't last forever , but for just under a hundred and a half bucks ... I wanted at least another year or two . My last Toshiba cordless lasted 7 years . My Uniden is still going at 5 years . I replaced this phone with another Uniden ... with a much better / clearer digital answering machine.I know they probably do n't make this particular unit anymore ... but I 'm sure there was a reason they stopped !
 I have owned this phone system for about four days , and have made and received many calls from both local and long distance numbers , and the sound quality in all cases has been horrible.People on the receiving end of the conversation have all mentioned how bad it sounds -LRB- except for one case -RRB- . I am very disappointed with this phone . To me , sound quality is the most important item , and this system does n't have it . Motorola got almost all the other features right ! I like the menu system -LRB- very easy to set up and use -RRB- , the large memory space for number storage , the orange lighting . However , I can not find any mention of speed dialing , which I could definitely use.Ironically , I also have an AT&T ; corded phone that cost me $ 24 , and it has excellent sound quality.The answering system works , but the messages sound overly compressed . My six year old digital Sony was much better.I can only surmise that the reviewers that love this phone must have lucked out with a good one off the line . Maybe Motorola has a serious quality control problem . Either way , I am returning the phone and looking at Panasonic and Uniden .
 Very attractive phone ... and that 's about the nicest thing I can say . The handset audio quality is absolutely horrendous , worse than a cell phone , and much worse than a 5 year-old Uniden 900 MHz I was using . So much for progress . Sound quality is fine with the base , but who wants to be tethered by a phone line ? Features are great -LRB- handset speakerphone , same configuration as Motorola cell phone -RRB- but not enough to recommend anything other than to avoid this phone like the plague .
 THIS PHONE WAS NOT INEXPENSIVE AND I EXPECTED MORE FROM MOTOROLA . THE VOLUME ON THE EAR PIECE FADES IN AND OUT . BATTERY DOES NOT KEEP ITS CHARGE THAT LONG , SO YOU ALWAYS HAVE TO PUT IT ON THE HANDSET . THE FEATURES ARE COOL IF YOU ARE INTO DIFFERENT RING TONES AND DIFFERENT RING VOLUMES SET FOR TIMES OF THE DAY , WHICH CAME IN HANDY FOR ME WITH TWO SMALL CHILDREN . THE ANSWERING MACHINE IS OK AT BEST . I AM REALLY DISAPPOINTED AND SHOULD HAVE LISTENED TO PRIOR REVIEWS . NOT MOTOROLAS BEST .
 This phone does not work for touch tone service UNLESS you have digital phone service . I have analog phone service and was unable to use long distance service that required touch tone signals . This phone only works on pulse dialing unless you have digital service . Dynadirect charged me a 15 % restocking fee , even though I explained that this phone does not work on an analog line . Do n't buy from Dynadirect unless you know your not going to return the item .
 i switched to Voip so i started lookin at exp sets . research wasnt giving me any answers but my digital cable box , cable modem & voip adapter were motorola prods so how could i lose by staying w / them ? this set looked as good a deal as i was gon na get & it WASNT cheap ! 1st , exp issue
 I am on my 3 set because I was lucky enough to have bought the replacement warranty from PC Richards the first 2 times around . I got this phone because I wanted a corded base and cordless phones too . I was happy to find this combo with expandable base units that do n't require jacks . I have Optimum Voice , which runs through my cable modem and I have never experienced any problems with the phone not dialing due to the phone service . HOWEVER , I am on my 3rd set as I mentioned because the handsets seem to loose the ability to dial certain numbers over time . In one instance the handset stopped consistently dialing the number 3 in less than 6 months of buying the phone . When I say it wo n't dial , I mean you push the button and nothing comes up on the screen . It started out as you having to push harder , then pushing hard and with a little upward pressure , then now , it just wo n't dial.I am beside myself because I now have to go out and buy a new handset or go with another phone . The options on this phone are so great . Some of the reviews I read indicate to me that they did n't quite understand how to use the phone correctly . You can turn a ringer or or lower the volume on any phone and the handsets can be set to automatically change depending on the time of day -LRB- i.e. in children 's rooms you can have the ringer turn off at `` night '' -RRB- and the volume buttons on the side work instantly if you 've forgotten to change the ringer in advance.The ability to call back from the caller ID with either an area code or none is a huge plus . You can store tons of numbers , intercom the other phones , even use the phones as a room monitor -LRB- if your baby monitor is already in use elsewhere -RRB- I love the size of the phone , it is a little heavy , but feels substantial and solid and the button layout and size is great . Some phones have such little buttons you press 2 at once in error.I hear superior sound quality , and have range enough to drive away from my house and make it down the block before I loose the call -LRB- sometimes I forget it 's not a cell ! -RRB- You can set the caller ID to give you info on your call waiting incoming call , but this must be set up through the OV website . Sometimes I have calls that come in as `` incoming call '' but those have people have had unlisted numbers , -LRB- not blocked numbers -RRB- . If they are blocked , it comes up as `` blocked call '' . I believe that the people who were having some issues may have been unaware of how to set some functions up.Regardless of all the pluses , the phone I have sitting next to me now does not dial the number 3 and the 1 and 0 are starting to `` stick '' so I have to caution everyone to buy the replacement warranty or go with another phone . My friend has the same phone and told me about her phone `` crapping out '' before I ever had a problem , so it 's not just me , or how I use my phone.Happy phone shopping !
 We bought this phone after previous reviews indicated good sound quality . Out phone has very poor sound quality , both in the wireless handsets and in the answering machine playback . The setup is good with both the wireless and the wired handsets , but overall we are unhappy with the system .
 The other good reviews gave this phone 5 stars and claim good sound quality . I must have a bad phone since I can hardly understand anyone speaking through the cordless phone -- the corded handset sounds great . I did not have any wireless equipment running at the time . I plan to return the unit -LRB- s -RRB- ASAP !
 Was very impressed by all of the features and functions -LRB- very similar to my Motorola cel phone -RRB- . Was so disatisfied with the sound quality -LRB- like talking in a tin can -RRB- and also the answering machine playback would drop out throughout messages -LRB- from the base unit as well as handset -RRB- .
 I bought this phone for it 's corded base unit , answering machine and cordless accessories phones .1 . The corded handset on the base is hard to hang up in the right position .2 . The answering machine garbles messages so badly they are unable to understand them . It records hang up calls , that can only be deleted during the brief time during play back . I bought another answering machine to substitute .3 . It will not work for all touch tone services .4 . When using a cordless handset it will turn on the speakerphone of another cordless handset .
 Read the return policy first ! It stated , for any problem , notify Shoplet within 30 days , after that notify manufacturer . When I asked for manufacturer info , I was totally ignored . I wasted $ 245.88 to get a piece of junk.The desktop organizer was poorly packaged . The particle board material could not withstand the shipping and handling . It was severely banged up . When I opened up the package , one corner was broken off and the other one corner was `` rounded '' off.I bought this desktop organizer to go on a desk . Unfortunately , the desk did not arrive for 7 weeks -LRB- a mistake by a different outfit -RRB- . My mistake was not opening the desktop organizer until I have a desk . It 's too late !
 The size is perfect . The product itself is unstable and wobbly . The base clips fall off . This is not a mobile cabinet that I will use long term due to the instability .
 I bought this phone because I have been very happy with Motorola single line cordless phones . But this phone is disappointing . I 'm already looking for a replacement.It does the important things well . Sound quality is good , lots of features , intuitive menu . It falls short on the little things - each one trivial by itself , but combined they are quite annoying.PRO 's : Good sound qualityLots of featuresDoes n't take up too much desk spaceLarge enough to be easy to holdCON 's : Menu system is slow , making speed dial frustratingShort battery lifeBase rings if a call comes in on second line , even if you 're on the first lineCa n't maintain separate speaker and non-speaker volumesOften indicates a message even when there is noneOther similar annoyancesI 'm a big fan of Motorola phones , but this one just does n't measure up to their usual standards .
 Horrible pen . I had gotten a good carand ` ache as a gift long time ago , bought this one since it was quite inexpensive and had the same name , but I guess you get what you pay for . But I was really surprised that carand ` ache would put their name on a really stinky product like this one .
 This is a cheap scale that arrived scratched and bent . Damaged to the point where it woult not operate properly . I returned it and bought a USPS digital 10 lb . scale which I am very happy with even though I spent about $ 12 more . it 's worth it .
 If this is model number JC1 , as the product description states , people should be aware that model JC1 on Pelouze 's Web site displays Canadian rates -LRB- as does model number K4 -RRB- . The U.S. Postal Service rates are displayed on models X1 , X2 and K5 . I have n't purchased this scale , so I ca n't say whether this is an error , but I thought I 'd mention this .
 I was disappointed with the quality of the pens and ink . The ink runs and the enclosed material was not that good . I also purchased The Complete Caligraphy Set -LRB- Readers Digest - Ann Bowen -RRB- and all though it uses dip pens , it turns out that they work MUCH better and the material was excellent . For the price , I can not knock this kit too much , but truthfully , I probably will never use this set . The ink is runny , the nibs are too hard and I just could not control the ink flow . Stick with dip pens and some good bottle ink .
 This product is sold as 2 kits - Maxi & the Mini kit for $ 25 . Sounds like a good deal does n't it ? I thought so too - however , you only receive the Maxi kit andAmazon writes
 The pens do not work well at all . These are not good calligraphy pens , and if I had n't thrown out the packaging , I would have returned it .
 I do not agree with the other reviewers for the 5 star ratings . I will try and prove my point with a detailed comparison.I 'll compare the Velcro Velstrap , Upto 50 lbs , Black -LRB- 90482 -RRB- 6ft to a Strap A Handle 6ft -LRB- SAH -RRB- . The products are the same listed lengths . They do the same job , but they work very differntly.There are 5 big differences :1 . The built of the handle2 . The orientation of the handle3 . The way the belt is tightened4 . The working length of the strap5 . The priceFirst the built of the handle
 This product is exactly what I wanted , unfortunately , I had to re-sew the velcro tabs on two of the straps . Two of the four have now come completely undone .
 GOT THIS SCALE BECAUSE IT WAS AFFORDABLE BUT IT DOES NOT LAST LONG . NOT SURE WHEN IT STARTED , BUT WE STARTED NOTICING THAT THE UPS WEIGHT ON OUR INVOICES AND THE WEIGHT FROM THIS SCALE WAS OFF BY 5-15 LBS PER BOX !! WE WERE GETTING ALL THESE MISC . CHARGES FOR WEIGHT CORRECTIONS ON OUR OUTGOING UPS BOXES . WE SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A BETTER SCALE FROM THE START . I GUESS THIS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE SKIMP ON PURCHASING EQUIPMENT . WE LEARNED THE HARD WAY .
 I received one box . Not a carton of boxes . One box . I could have bought that at Office Depot for less than half the cost . Very disgusted .
 Ordered this postal scale in November to be used for Holiday mailing . Unit was received with broken platform and returned on 12/03 . Had to wait until 12/26 for replacement . Replacement was defective ! Postage calculator incorrect . Unit returned on 01/11/05 and refund requested which has never been received . In the meantime , I bought a J Quality Q-210 Digital Postal scale which is considerably less expensive and has many more features . It can handle up to 10 lbs and can calculate postage for every type of mail service !
 I purchased this to weigh boxes for shipment that are over 5 pounds , because I have access to a 5 pound electronic scale . I got really concerned when weighing a box , it got two different weights when trying twice . I had no idea which was right . I got 7.2 lbs , 6.5 lbs , and less . I assumed it was the highest , so I paid for over 7 lbs . At the post office , it weighed in at 6 lbs 10 oz.It seems to weigh different depending on how much forward or backward pressure is put on the platform.I highly recommend Ultraship 55 Lb Electronic Digital Shipping Postal Kitchen Scale , especially if Amazon stocks it again .
 I purchased this scale primarily to weigh out ingredients for mixing materials for small scale concrete projects -LRB- e.g. concrete counters -RRB- , but after opening the box you can immediately tell this is not a high quality item . The whole thing feels tinny , lightweight , and flimsy . To assess the accuracy I used various free weights from an olympic set , everything from 2lbs to 35lbs , and I would rarely get the same weight 2x -LRB- ie , totally inaccurate -RRB- . I thought that maybe this unit was just a defect , but then I also felt like it just was not a high-quality product so I just returned it . Instead I purchased the larger 250lb metal -LRB- flat -RRB- scale from Pelouze . It seems to handle weights more consistently .
 These are awful boxes . They are almost good , but the set I received has flaps that are much too long . When you assemble the box , you can not easily tuck the side walls into the body of the box . You have to smoosh and crimp them , very annoying . Once assembled , they are sturdy enough . Weirdly , I assemble a lot of different boxes at my job and these are VERY POOR QUALITY .
 I purchased this for my business . After receiving notices from the USPS for shipping charges , DUE TO THE INACCURACY OF THIS SCALE , I realized this listing does n't indicate the increments are 1/2lb ! Which ultimately renders this USELESS ! Even my FEDEX shipments have been INACCURATE!You have to GUESS the weight for shipping charges , ultimately costing you more money!HAD I KNOWN THIS , I NEVER WOULD HAVE BOUGHT THIS !
 Had the product not even a year and it worked great . Until recently I turn it on and the 404 comes up and will not move from this screen . I have tried unplugging and other ways to reset and can not get it to come off of this setting . Therefore , I am unable to use the item . I am hopping it will come back on it 's own . Seems to be built well . And was a great product while working . But it should last much longer than 10 months .
 Poor design of battery door . Can not close it with Duracell cells in it . Also , catches paper . Paper path and cut poor . Have second thoughts on the purchase .
 This opener sliced the first envelope open as designed . On the very next one it jammed and did n't turn off until I tried to slice the envelope again to no avail . I took the batteries out and reinserted them but it still failed .
 I bought a PE10 , which is almost identical to this model . I assumed it was well made given the high price.After using it just a few dozen times , I was shocked to have broken off the top of my unit
 When questions about product , there was good communication . Correct product pictured and described , but different model received . Which usually might not be a big deal , but I needed to weigh a certain volume . That was n't possible on the model . Once I inquired about return and was instructed in how to do so , I did return for refund . When waiting for the refund , is when all communication broke down . I tried to communicate in multiple ways , including e-mail I had when we had communicated and also through Amazon , but I never heard anything back . I gave it time between all communication , but after a while I had to contact Amazon , and finally got it resolved and received refund .
 If you ship small packages do n't get this scale . My packages are under the weight limit however I ca n't read the read-out , the package is in the way . I would think this problem is so obvious that it would have been considered in the design of the product.This is useless to me .
 My wife bought this scale and we returned it that same day . Although this scale is supposed to weigh items up to 5 lbs , the entire scale itself weighed maybe 1.7 lbs . The plunger or stem seemed cheaply constructed too . Also , on the box it states that there is a 3 yr warranty , but on this website it states a lifetime warranty . We were confused so we called Pelouze 's customer service . Customer Service said , one -LRB- 1 -RRB- year warranty , period . I told customer service there must be a mistake . Customer service put me on hold . When she came back she said nope , no mistake , one year warranty on this model regardless of what the manufacturer 's packaging stated . I told her this was too confusing and we would have to return the scale , C/S lady immediately thanked me -LRB- ? -RRB- ; so we returned it .
 Scale broke early on -LRB- perhaps when I received it -RRB- and I could n't fix it . Totally unreliable . I would not buy again .
 This scale and an identical one under the Dymo brand are great until the rates change . Although they advertise that the dial with the rates can be replaced , there is no place I can find on the internet that offers replacements . Well , one does , but the site indicates that there are none currently available.M Read
 I BOUGHT ONE OF THESE SCALES -LRB- MODEL K-5 -RRB- ABOUT 6 MONTHS AGO BEFORE I KNEW POSTAL RATES WERE GOING UP . I WENT BACK TO OFFICE MAX TODAY TO BUY A NEW FACE WITH THE NEW RATES ON IT FOR MY $ 30.00 SCALE . TO MY AMAZEMENT , I COULD BUY THE ENTIRE SCALE WITH THE NEW FACE -LRB- PACKAGED SEPERATELY -RRB- IN THE BOX FOR ANOTHER $ 30.00 . BUT I COULD NOT BUY THE FACE BY ITSELF . RIDICULOUS !!! NEEDLESS TO SAY I WILL CONTINUE TO DO THE MENTAL GYMNASTICS THAT IT TAKES TO FIGURE OUT THE NEW RATES USING THE OLD RATES ON THE OLD SCALE
 I received the Pelouze PS5DL 5-lb scale as a gift , to use in my home office . Initially , the `` internet download '' of postage rates looks like a nifty feature . However , it ends up being next to useless . That leaves you with a stand-alone digital scale with some limitations , and for that it 's overpriced.Consider other 5-lb standalone scales likeDigital 5 Pound Letter Scale , Postal Scale , Mailroom Scale . -LRB- special Design for Letter or Light package . -RRB- -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- orUSPS PS50 5-Pound Postal Scale -LRB- $ 34.95 -RRB- . Here 's why the internet download feature is next to useless.First , this product plugs into your computer via a serial RS-232 DB-9 female connector . Most computers these days have no serial port , only USB . So you need to get a USB to Serial Adapter likeDekcell CPA-1027 USB to Serial RS-232 -LRB- DB9 Male -RRB- Adapter with 6 ft. USB Cable . -LRB- Surprisingly these range from $ 6 - $ 30 -- shop carefully ! -RRB- I borrowed such an adapter , but without the right driver , the adapter does n't provide Windows a COM port , and so it does n't do the job . Pelouze tech support had no workarounds for me.Second , once you have a working connection , you need pay to download rates . Actually , the first download is free with the scale , but you have register on Pelouze 's web site and download three separate items . Future rate downloads cost something -LRB- price unknown -RRB- . Add this on to your operating costs.Third , the scale 's concept of rate scales is limited to the USPS tariffs before the May 2008 changes . The scale does n't have a way to give you different rates for small vs large envelopes below 3.5 oz . It does n't have a rate step for the new 3.0-3 .5 oz band . For those , you still need a printed rate card . It does n't handle any rates but USPS -LRB- which is a bummer for me , I live in Canada -RRB- . So , I 've come to the conclusion that this gift is only useful to me as a scale , without any postage calculation possible.As a scale , it has its strong points . It 's a compact , sleek design . It measures up to 5 pounds , with 0.1 oz accuracy . That 's plenty for my small office use . It runs off a 9v battery -LRB- not included -RRB- , and shuts off automatically . I just keep it on a shelf , and pull it down when I need it.It also has weak points . It 's a pity they did n't include even a 9v battery , let alone the optional $ 17 AC adaptorPelouze ADPT2 AC Adapter for Digital Postal Scales . It 's a pity that it ca n't switch between ounces and grams -LRB- I mail both USPS and Canada Post letters , so I really need both -RRB- . It 's a pity I ca n't load my own rates into it . It 's a pity that it does n't handle UPS , FedEx , or other services.But mostly , it 's a pity that it 's a $ 70 product which does no more than $ 20 or $ 30 products . I received it as a gift , so it 's worth every penny * I * paid for it . You , however , might want to keep shopping .
 I purchased this NEW scale from QUICK SUPPLY after Pelouze quit making the chip for my current scale -LRB- which was a great 10 lb scale that included rates for USPS , FEDX & UPS ... nothing like this cheesey 5 pounder that only handles USPS rates -RRB- . When it arrived I tried to hook it up to download the rates and discovered that I could not because the connection was so antiquated none of my 5 computers have a serial connection . This was NOT described under the discription of the item . I went to the AMAZON web site on line and ordered a serial to USB cable from BRILLIANT SUPPLY , INC , received it about 10 days later , tried downloading the rates , and could not do so ... tried contacting the BRILLIANT SUPPLY , INC who never returned my emails or calls . I then contacted the Driver company for the Driver that was included in the cable package and was told the driver was not made for that cable . I notified AMAZON and they re-imbursed me , rather quickly , I must say , but it was a small amount of money . I purchased another cable from a local office supply store , which by the way cost me almost $ 40 ! QUICK SUPPLY gives you only 14 days for a return , but does n't tell you that you can not hook up this item when you receive it without making another purchase , quite a costly one I might add . I finally tried to connect the scale and download rates to discover that I can not do so because this scale had been sold previously to someone else and already registered with Pelouze back in January and the rate license is expired . I contacted QUICK SUPPLY and was told it was too late to return it even though they sold me a supposedly NEW product that was actually USED . No kidding . Yep , I was set up for scam with these guys from day 1 . If AMAZON does not correct this and give me a full refund I will not purchase anything else from their site . I shop often on line , and would never recommend purchasing anything from BRILLIANT STORE , INC. -LRB- 1st cable supplier -RRB- or QUICK SUPPLY -LRB- Pelouze Scale supplier -RRB-
 I received the Pelouze PS5DL 5-lb scale as a gift , to use in my home office . Initially , the `` internet download '' of postage rates looks like a nifty feature . However , it ends up being next to useless . That leaves you with a stand-alone digital scale with some limitations , and for that it 's overpriced.Consider other 5-lb standalone scales likeDigital 5 Pound Letter Scale , Postal Scale , Mailroom Scale . -LRB- special Design for Letter or Light package . -RRB- -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- orUSPS PS50 5-Pound Postal Scale -LRB- $ 34.95 -RRB- . Here 's why the internet download feature is next to useless.First , this product plugs into your computer via a serial RS-232 DB-9 female connector . Most computers these days have no serial port , only USB . So you need to get a USB to Serial Adapter likeDekcell CPA-1027 USB to Serial RS-232 -LRB- DB9 Male -RRB- Adapter with 6 ft. USB Cable . -LRB- Surprisingly these range from $ 6 - $ 30 -- shop carefully ! -RRB- I borrowed such an adapter , but without the right driver , the adapter does n't provide Windows a COM port , and so it does n't do the job . Pelouze tech support had no workarounds for me.Second , once you have a working connection , you need pay to download rates . Actually , the first download is free with the scale , but you have register on Pelouze 's web site and download three separate items . Future rate downloads cost something -LRB- price unknown -RRB- . Add this on to your operating costs.Third , the scale 's concept of rate scales is limited to the USPS tariffs before the May 2008 changes . The scale does n't have a way to give you different rates for small vs large envelopes below 3.5 oz . It does n't have a rate step for the new 3.0-3 .5 oz band . For those , you still need a printed rate card . It does n't handle any rates but USPS -LRB- which is a bummer for me , I live in Canada -RRB- . So , I 've come to the conclusion that this gift is only useful to me as a scale , without any postage calculation possible.As a scale , it has its strong points . It 's a compact , sleek design . It measures up to 5 pounds , with 0.1 oz accuracy . That 's plenty for my small office use . It runs off a 9v battery -LRB- not included -RRB- , and shuts off automatically . I just keep it on a shelf , and pull it down when I need it.It also has weak points . It 's a pity they did n't include even a 9v battery , let alone the optional $ 17 AC adaptorPelouze ADPT2 AC Adapter for Digital Postal Scales . It 's a pity that it ca n't switch between ounces and grams -LRB- I mail both USPS and Canada Post letters , so I really need both -RRB- . It 's a pity I ca n't load my own rates into it . It 's a pity that it does n't handle UPS , FedEx , or other services.But mostly , it 's a pity that it 's a $ 70 product which does no more than $ 20 or $ 30 products . I received it as a gift , so it 's worth every penny * I * paid for it . You , however , might want to keep shopping .
 I just received my Pelouze PS 5 DL postage scale unit.I first found out that to load the USPS rate tables in it you must use the old serial port connections.Most new computers do not have the DB 9 connectors on them -LRB- this is at least 10 years old -RRB- . I had to purchase a serial to USB converter.I next spent almost two hours trying to find the stinking site that is supposed to download the rate table , the site that the instructions direct you to does not work.I never did find it and gave up . I went on line and found a site that allows me to print out the rates and then with the scale I can figure out the postage for the mail.I strongly advise everyone that wants to have a unit that will calculate the postage DO NOT BUY this thing . It works as a standalone scale but not as a calculator of rates .
 This is entirely plastic and very flimsy to the touch . I returned to Amazon .
 BOOK HOLDER INADEQUATE FOR HOLDING BOOK WITH PAGES SUFFICIENTLY HELD IN PLACE . ITEM RETURNED
 I bought the item but have been very dissapointed . The books ca n't hold . I have to find something that works .
 I thought this was metal . It 's plastic . The clips at the bottom are flimsy . The way they took this photo it looks as if the book holder will open up but it does n't . They just formed the plastic so it would look as if it would fold out in the photo . What a rip off .
 This product will not hold a book open . It is sturdy enough as a prop , so if your book lies flat this will do . It will hold open a magazine like National Geographic , but it will hold open neither the beginning pages of a large textbook , nor any page of a trade paperback.I bought it to hold open medium-sized Latin and Greek books for me while I translate . It simply ca n't do it.I can see where it might be convenient here and there for a few things . It is not a serious tool .
 A little disappointed ... came bent and had to bend into shape and did not get it so it would stand up
 I 've had the B740 for a while . It does a fast job of sending out FAXes . It switches nicely between phone & FAX . Goes through the Canon toners like a binge eater . It has two problems that are making me search for another brand or model as I add a FAX to another location
 Having had a $ 600 dollar machine and going to this Canon copier was a horrible experience . Going through the functions was a bad experience , the product was difficult to work and I am an electrical engineer . I read from someone else that you will go through print cartridges like toilet paper , oh my god , he was right.Now if I use my laser paper to print a fax that is two pages forget about trying to get it through the fax , not a chance . One page is ok , but if I do two pages I must copy it in my copier that uses thinner paper.When I am finally ready to purchase a REAL fax I will give this machine to someone I hate . Whoever gave this four stars must not use it for business ...
 I was so happy to be able to purchase recycled Bankers Boxes . I like the brand , especially the heavy-duty version of their boxes . But the recycled boxes are stinky . And they 've continued to be stinky for more than a year . If you can keep the boxes in a separate storage area , they will work for you . Otherwise , I do not recommend .
 These boxes would be great if they did n't smell so awful ! I packed some personal records in these and found myself blaming the dog for the horrible smell in the house . It permeated my entire house and the clothing I was wearing when I was doing the packing . I emptied them and tossed them .
 I got the boxes over two weeks ago , however they still have a bad stale odor to them . I smelled it when I got them , and figured it would disapate ... but no it does n't .
 I was so upset when I finally got this home . Four holes , not sure why , there are no dividers so the product does not allow for separated recycling . I really found it to be no more than a wax coated cardboard box . Very disappointed .
 The product received is n't what I thought I was ordering . I believed it was going to be a sturdy metal typing stand , but it is plastic with a couple pieces that are silver colored to look like metal . The plastic arm for holding copy onto the stand came broken . That said , it serves my need but it certainly wo n't last for more than a couple years . I think I 'll order new next time ...
 I had a Sony base with an extra handset and one of these with an extra handset . The Sony had it hands down over this one in functionality . But lightening struck and fried the Sony and not this one . So , rather than start over I reluctantly just added more handsets to this one.The operating system is pretty lousy . 1 -RRB- It saves the phoine directory on each phone rather than on the base like the Sony . Think about having multiple phones with separate directories . 2 -RRB- It assumes you have to dial your area code for every number . We do n't , so every time I save a number I have to jump through hoops to delete the area code , because , as you know , the idiots at the phone company ca n't figure out how to make their phones friendly like cell phones . 3 -RRB- Saving numbers in the directory from your caller-id list is a bear . In addition to having to remove the area code , it jumps back to the top of the list every time you save one . I could go on and on.On the other hand , it has all the qualities you 've grown to expect from Motorola - Robust -LRB- obviously -RRB- , clear communications , good range , no interference , etc.But someone tell me why the telephone company spent millions designing a handset that fits your hand and your face and yet every company that makes a cordless phone makes it flat ? The Sony was a lot better in that respect as well .
 This phone is an embarrassment to USA engineering . It is big and bulky . The battery cover does n't fit snugly . The battery lasts about 10 minutes.And the packaging is misleading . You think you have everything you need but then discover you have to buy the base station as well .
 I bought this about a year ago . I have the main unit -LRB- no digital voicemail -RRB- and an extra handset . The handsets have great features including individual speaker-phones . The battery life is pretty bad though.The range is bad as well . The main problem however is the number keys on the phone . Handset 1 the 7 button does n't work unless you press it EXTREMELY HARD . On Handset 2 , it is the 0 button.I had a Sony 900 mhz before this one , and had it for 8-10 years . I do n't see myself getting anymore handsets for this one .
 1 . Its charger has no locator button .2 . You have to register it will base -LRB- Good part -RRB- , but if do n't want to use this you have to unregister it -LRB- bad part -RRB- otherwise it will show up in intercom menu .3 . Shows new calls even if the another handset picked up the call -LRB- bad -RRB- .4 . Each phone have its own phone book and call logs -LRB- good and bad -RRB- 5 . Buttons loses the polish with normal wear and tear fairly easy.By the ay mine stop worliong in 14 months , too bad customer service . I do n't recommend it .
 I purchased the MD681 and two expansion handsets 15 months ago . They suddenly began having problems one month ago . I have been dealing with Motorola customer service for four dreadful weeks . They have been horrible . I am truly surprised at how bad the customer service has been . Their final response was short and sweet , `` Your one year warranty has expired . `` I was initially very happy with these phones . They started out working like a dream , look stylish , etc. . In the end these phones turned out to be lemons!My parents are still using their Sony cordless from 15 years ago . I 'm throwing away the Motorola and buying Sony .
 Very disappointing that items are advertised and then not available . I will be hestitant to bother with items advertised through this site in the future . Bait and switch .
 I do not understand the 5 star ratings this machine has gotten . I find that after about 50 pages of shredding , the machine over heats and has to be shut down for at least 30 minutes before it recovers . In my opinion this is due to a design flaw in which the motor is totally in cased with no ventilation and then placed in a trash bin.I would have rated it one star except that the machine does an excellent job of shredding . If you are an occasional user , this machine is ok and preferable to a strip shredder for confidentiality . If you are a heavy user , look for a different machine as I am doing .
 Zero stars . I bought this for a specific application which was to shred newspaper for recycling . Unfortunately this shredder wo n't handle paper that thin . Would have been nice if Amazon 's technical information on the product included the fact that the information was based on 20 # or thicker paper . The box the shredder came in had this printed on the outside of the box `` Shreds up to 10 sheets of 20 # paper ... `` Anyway , it wo n't turn newsprint into the advertised dimensions . Seems to handle 20 # paper fine . I wish Amazon had included that information in the product listing .
 After running some iron-on fabric label tapeBrother Fabric 1/2 Inch Iron-On Tape - Retail Packaging , Navy Blue on White -LRB- TZeFA3 -RRB- - Retail Packagingthrough myBrother International pt-1650 P-touch Handheld Labelerthe head was hopelessly clogged.I wasted a lot of tape trying to clear the printing head to no avail . I tried cleaning per instructions with a dry cotton swab . No luck.I bought this ridiculously expensive cleaning tape and though a lot of dirt can be seen on the tape -LRB- use `` Feed Only '' not actually printing -RRB- it still did n't print cleanly on regular labels.Finally , I took a swab and some rubbing alcohol and cleaned the head . Now it works.This tapes does clean the schmootz off the rollers , so it 's not a total waste , but too expensive for what it is .
 I was very disappointed by the quality of these clips , especially given price compared to other similar clips available on Amazon . I no more than unpacked them and one of them snapped in two when I pinched the top to open it . The other three work ok , and do hold more pages than the other clips I have , but rarely do I need to hang large numbers of sheets . I would not order these again .
 The physical quality of this phone is excellent . it is the right size and weight . I purchased a base and three expansion handsets . Two out of the the three handsets did not work properly . I was deeply disappointed . I returned all four rather than deal with the poor quality . The two that worked worked great .
 I bought this phone hoping to replace an old panasonic phone that we 've had for seven years -LRB- which worked great until about four months ago -RRB- . First , the sound quality is n't very good . There was a constant static in the background that made it hard to hear the person on the other end . Second , the shape stinks . The flat design makes it difficult to hold for extended periods of time . I would not recommend that anyone else buy this phone .
 I 'm sure this phone has nice features and all , but the most important things in any phone are -LRB- 1 -RRB- sound quality and -LRB- 2 -RRB- battery life . This phone is ABYSMAL in both regards . There is constant static in the background when you talk . -LRB- I turned off my wireless router , and the static persists . -RRB- Also I get about 3 calls before the battery dies . Who wants a phone like this ??? Garbage . Complete garbage .
 If you are going to purchase the MD681 for it 's `` expandable '' feature then you are out of luck . I found ONE retailer -LRB- an online telecom site -RRB- that has the handset that goes with this phone and it 's 150 bucks . It took a couple of calls and several transfers for motorola customer service to fess up to the fact that these handsets will no longer be available . They suggested that I purchase one of their new 700 series units instead if I wanted the expandable feature . I received this phone yesterday . It has not even completed it 's first charge yet , and Motorola has already lost a customer . I can not speak of how well this phone works . But I can say that motorola has exceedingly poor customer service .
 this phone is actually a vtech phone in disguise.i bought this phone to replace a vtech set that has performed poorly since day one . the motorola phone has the same buttons , in the same layout , the same menu options , the same graphics on the lcd screens . even the rechargeable batteries look the same . i will be returning this `` motorola '' phone as i know what to expect from it based on my past experience with the vtech.don ' t be fooled by the motorola logo , this is a vtech .
 I do n't have this phone for a long time , but I bought it to replace my existing Uniden phone mounted on the wall . This motorola phone comes with a wall bracket , but does not truly fit a standard wall jack . The holes on the bracket do not line up with the screws on a standard telephone wall jack . Furthermore , the design is lackluster at best since the wall bracket makes the phone tilt at a big angle , which makes the display hard to read unless you are 6 ' 5 '' tall or your telephone wall jack is four feet from the floor . Bottom line
 The entire unit itself has definitely been overrated by many reviewers . The main deficiency of this unit is the answering machine . Everything about the digital answering machine is terrible . You can not hear what people are saying because either the message is garbled , the sound is not loud enough , or both . My sister says she ca n't even hear the `` please leave a message '' message on her phone when her call is answered by the machine . If the power goes out or if you unplug the unit you have to re-record your outgoing message unless you 've bought a custom back-up battery from Motorola which is expensive . The machine itself is grievously void of features like being able to play the first or last few seconds of a message . You can not delete a message unless you are in the middle of playing it which makes no sense.The phone part of it is really good , frankly . My only complaints about it are that the speakerphone on the base unit has a really cheap microphone which requires you stand close to the unit and speak really loud into it which is sometimes a little embarrassing and also that the handset sometimes lacks sufficient volume , but rarely.I would highly recommend the MD671 -LRB- this review is for the MD681 -RRB- because the 671 is the exact same unit without the answering machine , therefore you pay less money . That is the reason I only gave this one star . You 're basically buying the 671 and paying a much higher price for an answering machine that you most likely wo n't use . I 'm shopping for a new answering machine right now so that my relatives can actually hear the outgoing message . Good luck !
 I purchased this phone after reading glowing reviews here on Amazon.com , and I must say I am disappointed . As a techie gadget-freak early adopter , I found this phone to be depressingly underengineered . It had so much potential , and it fails so completely to live up to it.The base station has a digital link with all the handsets . Why , then , does n't it use it to communicate with them and make a truly integrated system ? Instead , each handset operates totally independently of the base station and the other handsets . You have to set the clock separately on each handset as well as the base station . The handsets have separate and distinct phonebooks ; if you save a phone number on one handset or on the base station it will not be saved on the others . Annoyingly , the handsets do not even share information about new calls received . If you get a call , the base station and all handsets will display `` 1 new call received '' , but if you then view that call on one of the handsets , all the others will continue to display the `` new call received '' indicator . The effect of this is to cause the handsets to get totally out of synch with each other over time , so each handset will be displaying its own unique indicator of how many new calls it thinks have been received.The answering machine is also poorly integrated with the phone -- in fact , it 's really not integrated , period . Despite the base station 's large and versatile liquid crystal display , the answering machine does not use it at all . Instead , it uses voice prompts . For example , to set the time and day , you have to press a button to begin the process , then press other buttons to advance through the days , hours , and minutes , while listening to the prompts . You wind up with something like , `` The day is Monday ... * click * Tuesday ... * click * Wednesday ... * click * 8 AM ... * click * 9 AM ... * click * 10 AM ... * click * :04 ... * click * :05 '' . Why not just use the phone 's keypad and display to do this ? It seems obvious that Motorola just chucked in an answering machine chip they had lying around , without putting any effort into making the answering machine work consistently with the phone.Other annoyances
 I purchased one of these phones about a year ago - mostly because our old 2.4 ghz phone conflicted with our wi-fi network . I was so pleased with it that I purchased 2 more base stations for our office and 3 more handsets for our home.Recently -LRB- about a year later -RRB- the signal on the handsets started to degrade rapidly . After doing some research , I found that the phone is not a `` true '' 5.8 ghz - but is actually 2.4 ghz for receiving signals . Thus the signal degraded as more wireless networks were added around our home and around our office . The signal is so bad on 2 handsets that they are completely unusable - and it is noticably bad -LRB- and getting worse by the day -RRB- on the other handsets.Now I have 3 worthless base stations and 3 worthless extended handsets.If you ever think you might use this near a wireless network -LRB- wi-fi -RRB- then stay away from this phone .
 I 'm sorry to be returning this phone system because it looked and sounded like it was just what I wanted , even after reading the pros and cons about it from the many reviews on it . However , I 'm returning it today after having purchased a Panasonic TG 5240M , which I am thrilled with - and recommend.My main complaint is that the handset was too small to comfortably hold for the length of a phone call , my hand cramped up after a few minutes . And , I will add , I am a small person with small hands so I thought the small handset would not bother me ! The other surprise was how hot the battery in the handset got during a phone call and was uncomfortable to hold , I had not seen this mentioned in any other review . Also , because the handset is too small , I could not comfortably hold it between my shoulder and ear for the quick moments when I needed 2 hands to take care of my kids ' needs . Another surprise for me was that the ear piece on the handset was not designed well for ears and hurt my ear after a few minutes of the phone call . All in all , I found myself wanting to get off phone calls quickly.My other complaints are that the handset keys really are too small to dial , and as I said before I have small hands . I would often hit 2 numbers at once by mistake . Also , I found it annoying that everytime a message came in our entire household had to hear , loud and clear ! , the outgoing message each time before hearing the incoming message . And it was true , the announcer 's voice had to be annoyingly loud to be able to hear the incoming message which was almost too quiet.Many of these problems I was willing to live with and adjust to , but the handset size and being too hot would have forever bothered me . When I got the Panasonic set up , all of these problems disappeared and I got some added benefits as well -LRB- such as super fast dialing , large keys , larger handset -RRB- . I think Motorola 's onto a good thing with their cordless phones and I hope they will product test better in the future and read reviews such as these on Amazon to improve their phones .
 when logging incoming phone numbers into memory , the phone does not record a 1 in front of the area code , therefor you can not use the Caller ID Log to dial out . If you try , you will only get an error message from your phone company stating that you must first enter a 1 in front of the area code . This makes this phone completely useless .
 The handset did not remain charged and i had to get a replacement from motorola.Now the no. 3 of the handset has to be pressed really hard or it does not recognise it .
 I bought this phone because it seemed to have everything at a great price . I 've had it for 2 weeks now , and I 've noticed some major flaws :1 . The phone DOES NOT HAVE speed dial ! This is the feature I use most often when making international calls . I ca n't believe Motorola did n't provide a basic feature like this one .2 . The person on the other end can not hear me on occasion for a few seconds - and I 'm less than 10 feet from the base .3 . The buttons are really small and hard to press.On the positive side , the phone looks cool and has a lot of other cool features . Motorola just did n't get the basics right with this one .
 I was impressed with this phone until I walked outside the house 20 feet away from the base unit and lost connectivity . I called Motorola and they said it is due to the stucco environment . It would have been nice to know this before I bought the phone . There are other stuctural components that also interfer with the phone 's range , so I would check with Motorola on limitations before buying .
 I received this as a gift and am very disappointed with the quality of the outgoing answering machine message . While everyone dislikes the sound of their own voice , this recording microphone is so substandard , that my voice sounds like I 'm transmitting from the bottom of the ocean.The controls are very cumbersome as well . One has to push through 5 menu buttons to reset the call counter.I 'm returning this one .
 We purchased this phone a year ago from Target and have had problems since the beginning with it cutting in and out during conversations . We can be sitting in the same spot , near the base and it always happens if we are on the phone for more than a few minutes . We have addressed the problem with Motorola , went through trouble shooting options with no success . They sent us a new phone -LRB- at our expense to ship the original phone back -RRB- . Unfortunately this phone gives us the same problems !! Motorola blames our phone company ... we live in a major metropolitan area with a large provider - it 's not the case ! I believe they were one of the first to come out with the 5.8 Ghz phones and they need to improve their product as the competion is much more plentiful now . Rather than fight with the phone any longer ... I 'm pitching it . MY RECOMMENDATION
 I bought this phone & a second handset to replace a Panasonic that was interfering with my wireless router . After reading the reviews , I thought it would be a good choice . I was wrong.As phones go , it 's nothing special & it has several features that are down right annoying . ** Phone Book is not integrated between the handsets/base . This means that you must manually enter the information into each phone . What a pain . ** The speaker works like old technology . My Panasonic speaker worked well at filtering out background noise so that a speaker conversation was very much like a regular handset one -- both people could even talk at once & still be heard . This Motorola , however cuts out if there is the slightest noise on my end . ** Caller ID is also old technology . It does n't have the `` smarts '' to replace previous calls from the same number . My Panasonic would list the caller info once & add a number to show multiple calls . ** Caller ID also requires 5 button pushes to erase a number . Also a pain . ** Phones are not integrated to answering machine , so no Caller ID comparison & no accessing except from the base/answering machine itself . ** Even though the phone is 5.8 GHz , it still slows my wireless router making it very difficult to use the internet & phone at the same time.The battery backup might be a good feature , but I have n't found a battery for the base yet -LRB- it does n't come with one -RRB- . The one I bought at Radio Shack was n't right , so I 'll have to take a handset battery out & take it with me next time.The only good features that I really enjoy are the walkie talkie feature between the handsets/base & the clock -LRB- but I do miss the call time counter from my Panasonic . -RRB- Bottom line is this -- if you plan to spend this much on a phone , get something else that has ALL the latest features . They are out there .
 Just received the phone and for two critical reasons , I am returning back to Amazon . I read every single review and am shocked these have not received greater mention :1 -RRB- the wall mount is not simply an aesthetic disaster , it renders the phone USELESS to anyone under 5 feet 4 '' tall . The mount is simply horrible looking . It forces the the bottom of the unit to stick out nearly 9 inches . The top sticks out maybe 3 or 4 inches . The resulting angle has the display pointing mainly to the ceiling for all practical purposes . My wife who is 5 ' 4 '' could not see up and over the protruding base enough to read the display on the base or handset . My 11 and 8 year old kids could n't see a thing ; even grabing the phone off the base was awkward due to the bizarre mounting angle . This is simply 100 % a DESKTOP phone . Do not even slightly consider this for a wall mount application . Please . Pretty please .2 -RRB- I am sure many of you have used and like Speakerphone Handsets . A great invention , esp . for times when you are put on hold , or otherwise want to do things with your hands while you speak . And I 'll bet the handsets you have used -LRB- e.g. from ATT , Panasonic , Uniden , Vtech -RRB- have a flat bottom so they can STAND up by themselves?NOT MOTOROLA . The bottom is round . TO use this `` handsfree '' you have to lay it down . Take your pick ... do you want the microphone to face the ground or the speakerphone ?? You either sacrifice your ability to be heard or to hear your caller . What on earth are they thinking ??? -LRB- The sides are round too so there is no way to `` stand '' this phone up . Period . How handsfree is it if you have to improvise a way to prop it up everytime you want to use speaker . I used this on our low cut carpeted living room floor that my Panasonic and Uniden phones stand up on just fine , and it was awful . My wife on the other line was muffled as her voice was directed straight into the sound abosorbing carpet and pad . Eegads , I can not stress how silly this `` round '' design is from a practical handsfree speakerphone point of view.Who cares about all of the other features when these two glaring mechanical design flaws exist ??!! UPDATE
 Digital display on main handset failed after only a few months use . Also , graphic interface for the features is not very good . I expected a lot more from Motorola .
 Do n't buy it ! Stopped working after -LRB- 3 -RRB- months use . Handset would simply go dead within 15 seconds . Replaced battery , no change . Motorola support not helpful . It 's junk !
 bad battery , it 's broken after 1 week , have to keep charging it all the time ! do n't buy ! junk ! it 's not manufactured by motorola .
 After reading all the reviews , I hope I will like the phone . I really wanted an expandable phone system , unfortunately , not like other brands , you have to buy an extra for the MD681 . Target does n't carry it , Good Guys and Office Depot does n't have it either . Good Guys and Office Depot personal did n't even know that this phone exist . Anyway . It would be helpful if anybody could tell me where I can buy an extention . You can e-mail me @ : TinyTreasures7@msn.com . Thank you so much .
 I did not use standard free shipment and paid about $ 7 , however , it took longer than my previous orders ! I did not appreciate the value of paying extra shipping .
 i bought this unit and was very pleased until i had a problem . &#60; br / &#62; my dog broke the power pack and motorola said i cant get a replacement part . i thought why cant i buy another power pack . motorola said they do not sell replacement parts so my phone is no good now . &#60; br / &#62; i bought a uniden cheaper and it actually sounds better then the motorola . it was 1/3 the price
 Overall it 's really not such a bad phone , but it 's quite uncomfortable to hold to my ear and next to impossible to hold between ear and shoulder . You NEED a headset if your conversations last more than a few short minutes.Then today I splashed water ... not poured water , simply SPLASHED water on the handset and destroyed it . Motorola says `` if it 's been damaged with `` liquid `` the warranty is voided . '' Just for giggles I tried to repair it and was largely successful , once I got past all the moisture seals that ARE in place on the unit ... there just are n't enough at all necessary areas . go figger ... I 'm buying a NON-Motorola replacement this weekend .
 So , I liked this phone just fine while it worked.But it broke 2 weeks after the end of the 1 year warranty . Now the handset ca n't find the base , and it beeps approximately 5 times/minute while looking for its electronic mate -LRB- which it finds about 1/2 the time -RRB- . When it can find the base , one can speak on the phone.Obviously I have only 1 data point to offer , and so ca n't make meaningful generalizations about product durability . But our Panasonic cordless system -LRB- bought june 2002 -RRB- still works fine . And for an original $ 110 cost , I did think the Motorola would work for longer than 54 weeks w/out breaking . -LRB- Works out to $ 2/week in cost -RRB- .
 I originally gave the satellite phone for the MD671/681 5.8 GHz Expandable Phone System 4 stars because it had a couple of usability issues . I 'm downgrading my rating of the entire product because I moved and I was looking to add at least 1 more phone to my system . How shocked was I that I could not find any place that had the satellite phone in stock , and the new MD71 phones were not compatible with the older base . I 've been hearing that Motorola has discontinued the MD6x1 series so good luck finding one of these satellites for less than what you originally paid for the base . As of this writing , Amazon is passing you to another company that is selling the expansion phones for $ 200 . You can buy a new base system and one expansion phone for that much , and still have money left over to fill your gas tank!Motorola lost a customer because of the MASSIVE -LRB- probably deliberate -RRB- oversight of not making the MD71 compatible with the MD6x1 base.I 'm not sure I would trust another expandable phone system without some sort of support guarantee from the manufacturer . Let the buyer beware .
 This phone , for using present-day technology -LRB- 5.8 GHz -RRB- , and invented by a major top-dog phone and cell phone company , is quite appalling . Here are my major complaints -LRB- and yes , some have been mentioned here before -RRB- :1 . Unable to sync phone book between handsets and base station
 My mid-90s taped message phone machine was finally giving up the ghost so I went shopping for `` cutting edge '' technology . So as all of us here do , I went looking on Amazon . One of the first , if not the first , items to come up in a search is the Motorola MD681.The reviews on the first page were all extremely positive and there was a rebate ! Why would I look further ? Well , let me say that if this is cutting edge I want the old dull edge back and I hope they bury this one right in the designing engineers ' back.The thing is downstairs right now trying to call itself on the headset and I have no idea why it started doing it or how to stop it . Some internet reviews - which I read too late - call the menu and instructions `` quirky '' . I beg to differ . My Uncle Fred is quirky . These instructions are just plain poorly done and the menu 's confusing at best.Static is overwhelming , when it was working . My voice recording sounds like I used to be a Cylon android voice actor for the 1970s version of Battlestar Galactica . It barely registers as human . It is difficult to undersand messages from local calls and long distance calls are often completely unintelligible . People who are satisfied with the sound quality must have extremely low expectations or hear in frequencies other than what I do.I gave it one star because it is impossible to rate it lower . It 's very possible that I will simply unplug it and leave it out on the sidewalk tonight . All because I did n't think to read a number of the worse reviews first . Everything that the worse reviews point out are all true .
 Worked great for 18 months of very light use , then handset died . New battery was no help . Unimpressed with Motorola 's long-term quality . Outside of the warranty period , so we 'll see what they do ...
 We bought the Motorola MD 681 and just few months later the handset went bust . We were in the warranty period so Motorola replaced the entire set with another one . We were happy to get a replacement at that time . The quality of calls , coverage , and answering machine were very good . However , exactly 15 months later , the replacement handset went bust . We contacted the customer support and they tried helping , however by the looks of it , the handset was indeed dead . So we are very dis-satisfied with this model . There is no reliability in the product . We will not recommend this handset to anyone .
 After 8 months the handset would not charge . Motorola replaced the phone , however this one started having bigger problems after six months . The handset would freeze constantly and this time Motorola would not take responsibility because the warranty expired ! With two back to back phones you might go just about a year . Unacceptable , do n't buy this product it is not made to last and they do n't care .
 Only a few months after we got it , the handset started to give us trouble , working only `` part time '' . Soon after , it totally died -LRB- not the battery -RRB- . The keys on the base are starting to get hard to press too . Looks like within couple of years the thing will be totally dead.Motorola should make better products.Customer service is not very helpful either.This one has been a total disappointmment.Hihgly unrecommended .
 A pretty disappointing product . Our sole reason for purchasing the phone was the long range promised by 5.8 GHz phones , but the phone has a usable range of perhaps 150 feet . Although it has many nice features , the short range is a disappointment .
 We have found that this product has limited use in our home . We have to stay right near the main unit in order for the caller to hear us without static on the line . So it is as if we are on a cord phone in essence , due to the fact that we can not move around the room , much less go into another room in the house .
 I have plugged this device for last three weeks , but it never fully charges . The keypad is unusable and light is just too much behind the keypad .
 Motorola has misrepresented this phone as a 5.8 GHz phone . It is not . The base-to-handset path uses 5.8 GHz , but handset-to-base uses 2.4 GHz . Thus , this unit WILL cause interference with a home wi-fi network . The handset is also uncomfortable to use as a home phone , if you are used to resting the phone on your shoulder while conversing , since it is a thin phone -LRB- some people might prefer this compact design -RRB- . I would suggest going with a different brand that offers a true 5.8 GHz design , such as Panasonic , if you are concerned about your wi-fi .
 I am extremely dissapointed with this phone , It does not work well ! I live in a two story condo and the sound quality quickly breaks up if I go upstairs ? My cheap 900mhz phone has triple the distance ! I think that 's the most important function not to mention the lack of synchronization between handset and base .
 After owning the answering machine for about 6 months , the playback was garbled and almost impossible to understand . It sounded like the person who was speaking had a mouthfull of mush . I have actually missed some messages because of this . I have had no problems with the other aspects of the machine .
 This is my first Motorola product . I 've always read good reviews , needed a new phone and purchased the MD681.The Pros were the design , comfort , style , and functions.The cons
 When I got it , I was very pleased with this phone . Ok , the receiver hand-feel was n't as good as the Panasonic ... but the battery life is much better than Panasonic 's . Alas , it stopped working just after 1 year from the date of purchase . The receiver stopped communicating w / the base , so no calls . More pitifully , it was 11 months from the date of receipt , given Amazon.com left it on back order for 1 month in 2004 . Which Motorola decided to count against my warranty time ... even thought the phone was n't in my possession , nor in use.Anyway , the phone is probably ok for the current $ 20 - $ 30 price -LRB- post-rebate -RRB- . But I paid $ 105 in 2004 , and I would have liked it work for me more than 11 months .
 Sometimes you buy a new product , and right out of the box , it 's o.k. , but nothing exciting . It just works and does the job . But with time , you come to appreciate it more and more . And then when it comes time to replace it -LRB- e.g. , something about it makes it incompatible with newer technology , it breaks , etc. -RRB- and then you really miss that old device , and how well it worked.This phone is just the opposite . Initially , I loved it . But three years later , I 've come to hate it . Some of the most annoying features :1 -RRB- The slow , slow automated voice you HAVE to listen to , for each and every message , just to delete them . You ca n't just press `` delete '' . You have to wait for it to go through the whole dialog , every stinkin ' time
 I ` ve had this phone for about 2 years now and again on the market for a new phone . And it ` s not going to be Motorola ... . We bought this phone because it looked rigged and solid , plus I liked the idea of rubbon buttons but then I realized that because of this , the paint is coming off too fast . About 8-10 month after having this phone we noticed battery life shortened significantly . My phone bill is $ 18-20 / month -LRB- most of them taxes and fees -RRB- because we do n`t use phone that much but still we had to recharge battery literally everyday . I had couple times battery die during calls . Very hard to operate
 The first one I received did n't recharge when you set it back in the cradle , so I sent it back to Motorola and had to wait over a month to get a new one . The second one has a different problem , one which I also had with the first . While you are speaking , frequently the sound drops off and the person on the other end can not hear you , even if you are standing still , near the base . It is extremely annoying . You also do not realize this is happening until the person on the other end lets you know they can not hear you anymore . I have had this phone since last September and I 'm going to replace it because of this problem.All of the other features on the phone work fine , but if callers can not hear you , what good is it ?
 It has taken some time to discover a couple of very annoying problems with the answering system . If you purchase this machine , I highly recommend that you do NOT try to delete any messages before you have listened to all messages on the machine . I have on several occasions deleted messages I had not yet listened to attempting to delete the message I had just listened to . Yesterday I found out that you can also lose a message that someone left if you pick up the receiver before the telephone call has been disconnected -LRB- i.e. the caller had hung up , but the call had not electronically terminated and turned off the answering machine -RRB- . I have owned quite a few answering machines over the years and never had one I 've been so disappointed with !
 I 've had this phone for only a month and the handset is so static ridden and unreliable that it has become unusable . When I contacted the seller their response was , `` We did not get such complaint fronm other customers , '' and I was directed to contact Motorola . After navigating the perils and pitfalls of the Motorola warranty I have decided to simply purchase another phone and cut my losses before this experience costs me more than it already has . If you are looking for a shoddy -LRB- at best -RRB- product with little to no support from the seller or manufacturer then this is the phone for you . If , however , you are not excited about wasting your time and money then save yourself the aggravation and avoid this product .
 I 've always bought Panasonic cordless phones but I thought I would give Motorola a shot . Let me say that it was a big mistake . The phone reception is okay with a slight hiss in the backround but the major disappointment is the answering machine . If the caller hangs up before they leave a message the answering machine does n't hang up and stays recording , which basically sounds like an annoying busy signal and will stay that way until at least five minutes or until you pick up the receiver and turn it on and off . You should n't have to do this with todays technology and for a two hundred dollar phone this is unacceptable . I 'm stuck with the phone because I paid too much for this . Do n't let these reviews fool you here the answering machine definately has a major flaw .
 Currently have a Panasonic 2.4 GHz phone and have been very happy with it but want to upgrade to 5.8 GHz so I do n't conflict with WiFi and the buttons on the Panaonic are worn out . Was really looking forward to being impressed with the phone but was disappointed for the following reasons :1 -RRB- phone feels like a brick2 -RRB- reception was not any better than the 2.4 GHz Panasonic3 -RRB- buttons are hard to push . Several times I dialed a number only to notice that one of the digits did not take.Going to order the 5.8 GHz panasonic . Only concern is that it has a built in answering machine which we do not need . Wish Panasonic made a 5.8 GHz phone without built in answering machine .
 Good sturdy telephone for the two weeks we had it . However , handset would often shut off when you just laid it down on the table . It would restart if you removed and reinserted the battery cover . Obviously , we had to return it as defective .
 This purchase was a nightmare . I called Motorola 5x for support only have them blame Verizon of not providing a strong enough signal -LRB- bps - baud rate per second -RRB- for my caller ID feature to work . After retuning the phone -LRB- Amazon is great about this -RRB- I still had the same problem . The worse part is that there is n't enough information about this phone . Verizon must 've thought I was crazy asking them to increase MY signal just because Motorola 's phone required a higher signal yet this information does not appear anywhere.I used other phones with caller ID box and they workedI completely reset the phone.It is not worth the hassle . The phone is really cute and has great features , if they met the standard for all providers .
 I had this phone for 3 weeks and had to get rid of it , there is nothing good about it . If you walk more then 10 feet from the base theres static . If you want to call a # back from the caller ID theres about 5 steps you have to go tru . And the answering maching has to be one of the worst ever . There has to be better 5.8 GHz phones out there
 I returned the unit because it only lasts about 1 day before the phone dies with little or no use . The battery icon only shows that it charges to about 3/4 of the total charge . It will not charge past that .
 I fought with this phone for over a year.Cons :1 . Terrible Battery Life2 . Terrible Range3 . Terrible Clarity4 . Answering machine not integrated in any way with the phone . They are technically part of the same unit , but they might as well be separate boxes.Pros :1 . When I was within 10 feet of the base , the speakerphone on the handset worked reasonably well.Motorola should be ashamed to put their once proud brand on such a terrible product .
 The sound quality is barely acceptable and the pins that connect the phone to it 's base for recharging break easily .
 I used this phone for my VOIP and it only lasted one year ... Waste of money
 The phone died on me merely 18 months after buying !!!! Never ever in my life a cordless phone has performed so badly . Will not buy any more Motorola products and would suggest all to keep away from this phone atleast .
 Bad design . I saw a video on Youtube and I bought this to make v cuts in foam . The two blades would not line up which resulted in cuts at different depths . It is impossible to make consistent cuts . It needs a straight edge to guide it and a larger surface to keep from crushing the foam board . Do n't waste your money on this .
 The product description is misleading
 It 's very hard to use and does not give you what you want the quality is bad and once the blade get dull you will not find replacements , its good for just few inches else it 's worthless
 Get this only if you like frustration ! After only a few cuts , the blade was dull and the edges of the foam board were getting caught and bunched up . Good I guess if you only have about 10 inches to cut , otherwise do n't waste your money or time .
 still use , review is years old popped up today . . unit about 4 years old maybe more does n't lock into place anymore is only problem
 Purchased based on user manual indication supplied with Brother typewriter purchased from Amazon . Although the ribbons and lift off tape were fine , the script wheel did not fit the typewriter ! I would not recommend this kit if your priority is the script wheel .
 Whatever you do , do n't buy this waste of money product . The strap broke which holds it too the backrest within 2weeks . It is completely uncomfortable and provides no relief whatsoever . What a gyp .
 This phone is not Hearing Aid Compatible . Yoo bad I had to find that out after I bought it , because Amazon stuck me for the return shipping ! No reason to buy from Amazon again - I will always shop Crutchfield.The speakerphone is cool , but the sound is like you are in a tunnel , or there is a rag over the mouthpiece - muffled . It 's too big as well . Clumsy-ish . I 'll end up sticking with Panasonic , the tinny sounding phone , unless I can find a Sony somewhere .
 i thought it was so neet to have in all room and could intercom with others loved speaker phone on base and handsets worked good for like 6 mos then ... it hums it hisses and u can hear your voice when talking into it . everyone i talk to on the phone all say i cant hear u have a bad connection . the answering machine is awful ! doesnt shut off i have to manually do when a call comes in . and when u play back ans machine sounds like under deep deep water really cant make out at all what they are saying . also when u hit intercom a VERY loud beep -LRB- long -RRB- goes off then eventually rings the other handset ur calling . its a very annoying loud beep ! theres no voulume control for rings just blasts in ur ears ! doesnt stand up on its own . theres not a redial button -LRB- if ur american idol lover and want to keep voting its a reeeaaal pain ! -RRB- u have to scroll to number on lcd screen click on it and then hit on ! very very annoying ! and interderes with all electrical surroundings terrible ! to late to return and customer service was no help at all . i am extremely unhappy with this phone and cost A LOT of money ! save yours ! took 6 mos for it to turn into a disaster . -LRB- the LOUD beep when u hit intercom was that way from day one ! -RRB-
 I BOUGHT A 5.8 , SO I WOULD N'T HAVE PROBLEMS WITH MY 2.4 GHZ ROUTER . I DO N'T . I CA N'T GO MORE THAN 50 FT AWAY FROM BASE , OR I LOOSE SIGNAL . I HAVE MOVED THE BASE AROUND MY HOME TO AVOID ANY POSSIBLE INTERFERANCE . DID N'T WORK . IF I DID N'T THROW AWAY THE BOX , I WOULD HAVE RETURNED IT . DO N'T WASTE MONEY . I HAVE TO REPLACE IT . I HAD A V-TECH 2.4 THAT WOULD WORK A BLOCK AWAY . MY WIFE KEPT LOOSING THE HADSETS BY LEAVING THEM ON THE BUMBPER OF THE CAR , SO I NEEDED A NEW PHONE . I WENT THIS ROUTE . EXPENSIVE MISTAKESIGNEDLIVE AND LEARN
 This is my second Motorola phone and I have had major issues with both . The phones both had issues with several things not working and I found that Motorola service is not the best.If you think this 5.8 Ghz phone will give you better range DO N'T BUY IT . I have had other 2.4 Ghz phones that reach to the end of my yard . This one does n't even make it to the back door ... take my advise go with a cheaper more reliable phone .
 I am in the process of buying a 5.8 GHz Cordless Phone and its a real pain . Consumer reports has some helpful information , but for the most part it is out-dated and not focused on newer 5.8 GHz technology . The corded Analog phones and 900 MHz have better sound , but are not secure and the 2.4 GHz have interference problems.NiMH batteries are best . However , finding out which the MD671 has is confusing . Amazon gives a product review which states the phone has the less desirable NiCD battery , but the technical information and some reviewers state it has a NiMH battery ! The extra handset MD61 , however , states that it has a NiCD battery ! I guess I 'll have to physically go to the stores and check the boxes!Anyway , I 'm still looking at VTech and Uniden -LRB- no more Panasonic -RRB- , but it seems none of these phones are pure 5.8 GHz . FH -LRB- D -RRB- SS -LSB- Frequency Hopping Digital Spread Spectrum -RSB- seem to be common and are supposed to be good for non interference of wireless systems or with microwaves . Basically , look for features that you ca n't do without , look at it in person , buy it and cross your fingers and save the box and your receipt .
 Motorola has misrepresented this phone at a 5.8 GHz phone . It is not . The base-to-handset path uses 5.8 GHz , but handset-to-base uses 2.4 GHz . Thus , this unit WILL cause interference with a home wi-fi network . The handset is also uncomfortable to use as a home phone , if you are used to resting the phone on your shoulder while conversing , since it is a thin phone -LRB- some people might prefer this compact design -RRB- . I would suggest going with a different brand that offers a true 5.8 GHz design , such as Panasonic , if you are concerned about your wifi .
 I purchased this phone several months ago , and subsequently recommended it to a friend , based on the low price after rebate . I submitted my rebate according to all directions - I 'm a VERY meticulous person where rebates are conerned . I also handled the rebate for my friend , to save her time.Having recently visited a rebate tracking service website , I was shocked to find that both rebates were rejected . According to their information , the offer I submitted was not valid for the phone I purchased . Well , guess what
 It certainly looks cool , but -LRB- 1 -RRB- the audio quality was only so-so , -LRB- 2 -RRB- it interfered dramatically with my analog 5.8 ghz GE phone , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- I learned that , like most 5.8 ghz phones , it probably also used 2.4 ghz , a potential issue for my wireless networking setup .
 I bought this to use as a wall phone . The mount that goes on the wall was 4 '' deep . This made the phone stand out too far from the wall . It was not aesthetically appealing .
 I love the aesthetics of this phone and so I am very very sad that I have to return it . The voice quality of the handset is just fine , the speaker phone is great , I love that it glows blue , but while on the handset , in the background I hear a constant hiss . In order to make the hiss go away I have to turn the handset volume way down , and then I have trouble hearing the person on the other end of the phone . And my hearing is just fine . So back it goes . Why is it that my 900Mz 4 + year old GE phone is much better quality than all these expensive new phones ? I am tired of having to buy a new phone every six months .
 I purchased the base unit plus an extra handset . The functions are nice , but I 've had some problems that bug me . When the phone is in use , a blue light flashes on the base unit . There have been several times when the phone indicates that it is in use , even though no one is using it . I check the handsets and other phones in the house and all are properly ` hung up ' . After pushing the on/off button a couple of times on the Motorola handsets , the phone ` hangs up ' . This is a pretty big problem because the line is busy during this time , which means missed calls.The second problem is with the speakerphone on the handset . Great feature , but sometimes it fades in and out , I notice this happens when the handset moves , like when you go to put it down or walk with it.So I sent two emails to Motorola 's customer care about this and have received absolutely no response .
 The phone has cool features that worked fine while it lasted ... 1 year 9 months after purchase , base stopped charging the handset . Simultaneously , additional handset battery died , although it was purchased 5 months after the base ! Replacement battery does not charge on the receivers , despite correct specifications . Too expensive a phone for such a short life !
 After 3 month of using , the base set refused to charge thehandset . poor quality !
 I 've just mailed back this model after 4 days , and am asking for a refund . The reception that I had on any of my calls was oh so poor . No matter what was tried I had a poor reception/lots of static .
 battery went bad after 3 days . it leaks so fast that i have to keep charging and it ca n't even let me finish 30-min talk . man , bad quality , it 's not motorola 's product , just the label , i think .
 This is a very cool phone . But if you are buying this 5.8 ghz phone , as I did , to replace the 2.4 ghz which is interfering with your wi-fi network - beware . I verified from Mortorola tech support what another reviewer stated . Here is what Motorola replied to my inquiry -LRB- at least they 're honest -RRB- : `` It is true that the 5.8 GHz phones use both the 5.8 GHz and 2.4 GHz frequencies . When making a call out from the phone , it is transmitted on the 5.8 GHz frequency , and when you receive a call , it is transmitted on the 2.4 GHz frequency . So , to answer your question , yes , the MD 671 does use the 2.4 GHz frequency at times . '' `` The MD 671 phone uses the 2.4 GHz frequency to transmit signals when a call is received on this phone . So , if some one were to call you , then the conversation between you and that person would be transmitted on the 2.4 GHz frequency . `` It is a bit disheartening that a company is allowed to advertise the phone as 5.8 ghz when that implies `` only 5.8 ghz '' . This is misleading and frustrating when you end up realizing the problem only after your network starts going down and you 've called tech support for your wireless hardware and eventually your phone . That 's only if you do n't give up by then and get another phone . They could really prevent alot of heartache and time wasting if they only represented the phone correctly . I smell a class action suit brewing but I just prefer not to go through that again with my next phone . Buyer
 The phone works fine.But it transmits on 2.4 GHz frequency for incoming calls -LRB- which is not disclosed on the materials included w / the phone -RRB- , and which can interfere w / wireless networks . As a 50 + % 2.4 GHz phone , it is n't a great deal , either.I think Motorola should really provide better documentation for this , so buyers can make informed decisons -LRB- other than returning the product -RRB- .
 I was very upset when I got this phone , specifically upon finding out through Motorola -LRB- since as far as I could find , it does n't say this ANYWHERE in the literature -RRB- that the phone receives on the 5.8 GHz frequency , but sends on the 2.4 GHz frequency ! That means , for all you wireless network users , that this phone will most likely play havoc with your signal until you play with your network to fix it . You CAN NOT modulate the phone 's signal to fix it . It 's a real bummer.Everyone should know this before buying it -- it 's a pity Motorola chooses to hide this fact , because for someone like me , I had to choose between my wireless network or the phone . I chose the wireless network!Hope you have more luck than me !
 I bought this phone because it was one of the few that met all of my requirements . I have a base and 5 handsets and was initially very happy with its performance . But , after 6 months , one handset became noisy so I put it in the basement where its rarely used . After about a year , another phone was becoming noisy . Now after 14 months , I have 3 phones that are unusable because of noise -LRB- the basement one got worse -RRB- . This is two months after the warranty period and Motorola has no interest in replacing phones just out of warranty . I had previously respected Motorola as a good name in communications . I no longer do.My advice is if you choose to get this phone , send it in for warranty repair at the first hint of noisy connections .
 In my case Handset stopped working , it was dead.When i called up motorola they said that it was out of warranty , I had to fax bill to proove that handset was in warranty.Finally , They agreed that handset is in warranty , but they want me to ship the phone on my cost to them and they will replace it.Its so unfair , They sell a defective product and force consumer to pay money for manufacturer 's mistake.Really bad service .
 If you buy this phone with rebate then do n't expect the rebate check to come back . They will give customer support number which is disconnected . After getting the other contact number -LRB- for that you have to spend lot of time -RRB- , that phone line will stay busy for minimum of 40 mins . After 40 mins u will be connected but in a queue . Add another 30-40 mins to talk to customer support .
 Works fine otherwise , but charging is pretty important.We would n't buy another one .
 I bought the phone based on the positive reviews and found that at least with the one I bought , the handset and speaker phone is very poor . I get complaints from callers on the other end of echos and difficulty hearing . My concerns resonate with those who were also disappointed with the phone.I also own the Uniden and think it 's far superior in all aspects . I would pass on this phone .
 I really liked the look of this phone . It had everything I needed . I liked the speaker phone , the ease of use . However , I never got a clear signal to the handset . It would always sound like a bad cell phone call , even to the person on the other end . I was right next to the base as well . I had a Uniden 5.8 GH phone in the exact same location that worked fine . That phone did n't have a speaker on it so I ordered a new one . I ended up sending the Motorola back because I never got a clear signal to the handset . The Uniden model works so much better and I can live without the speaker phone .
 I just returned both my base phone -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- and two handsets -LRB- from Office Depot -RRB- . The handset that came with the base did not work in the sense that it never picked up a dial tone even though it was fully charged , had `` found '' the base station , and the speaker phone in the base station had a dial tone.One of the two extra handsets had very poor reception ; it was n't the location of the handset , as the third one worked perfectly wherever the second one did not.I 'd say that Motorola was -LRB- is -RRB- lacking some in the quality control department .
 Hi , The prodcut is not very good . My handset was having problems when I received . I also have to speak louder so that person at the other end can hear properly . Might it is a phone malfunction . Battery life is Ok !!! Speaker on the headset is one of the good featuere .
 this has got to be the worst telephone I have ever purchased . the clarity of the voice is unreal -- I feel I am constantly asking people to repeat themselves and it 's ONLY on this phone . plus the blue light on the antenna will drive you nuts if it 's in the bedroom -- I have to cover the light nightly . I will NEVER ever buy another Motorola product . at fist , the caller ID on the waiting did not work -- I had to go thru a series of stuff before Motorola would tell me how to correct the problem -- this was only 2 days old !! trust me , look into another product or a different manufacturer -- it 's worth a couple of extra bucks and do n't go thru buying a phone you ca n't hear on !!!!!
 I get bad reception on this phone all the time and the range is extremely limited .
 We purchased this phone to replace a Panasonic 900MHz cordless speaker phone . After a few weeks use we 've concluded that this phone has more negatives than positives . These are :1 . Sound quality poor , both in speaker phone and handset2 . Speakerphone occasionally `` screeches '' similar to a microphone when the speaker is too close .3 . Handset buttons are way too small , plus they are gray with small black printing . Very little contrast .5 . Design looks like an attempt at retro 1950 's modern .
 My Md 681 baseset works fine even after 2 years but the handset md 61 was really horrible . It started working partially after 9 months . would stop and start working on its own and gradually died . I bought another battery but the handset would n't start . I read atleast 5 such similar bad reviews regarding this handset online . I was planning on buying another handset but after reading the reviews , decided to buy a new model . Whats the use of having a good base set with all these great features when the handset keeps dying .
 Was a good phone but must have a flaw . Reciever failed and not cost effective to find/buy another . Maybe pass on this .
 Look , this thing and it 's handsets are lousy . The batteries are special in size and they cost special too . They do n't hold a charge for more than 20-minutes , and they up and die just when you need them . Plus , it 's a dead technology ... I 'm ebaying my 671 4-handsets and have switched to a Panasonic KX-TH1211B and 4-KX-THA935B handsets for less than the MD671 cost me in June 2005 ! And the Panasonic is bluetooth , works with a land line and/or 2-cell lines , and the handset batteries are rechargeable AAA - any manufacturer !!!! BTW
 Purchased from Best Buy and eventually returned . This phone has great features and is attractive and expandable . We picked this one on a whim at the store because it stood out as small enough to fit into a pocket , yet had every feature we wanted . We loved everything about it except for the fact that it did n't reach from one end of the house to the other . A phone that ca n't do that in a 1500 square foot house is n't any good to me . Even with the phone in the middle of the house it lost reception in parts . If you have a small or medium sized apartment this is probably a great choice , especially if you want multiple mailboxes . I do agree with a previous reviewer that there was static in the background which I noticed right away . It was more like low-volume white noise then static , and thus it did n't really bother me , and I would have kept it if it were n't for the limited range . A phone should n't have that happen either , though .
 I bought this phone because I thought the three mailboxes would be nice to have . But when the reception is so bad that no matter where you put the base or how close you are to it there is static , it is not worth it . It also has a feedback that causes your words to be echoed back to you . I bought two of these phones , each from a differnt store to make sure that I had not simply gotten a defective one and found the problem to be the same on both . Also I charged both phones for 16 hours , per the instructions , before trying them . This phone is a failure . A lot of great features , but the most important reason you buy a phone is to be able to hear what the poeple who are calling you say . Who could use a phone for more than 30 seconds with so much feedback .
 It looses reception easily once you get to the other side of the house . Motorola tech support had us power it down , etc , but nothing improved . Basically , he said too many devices use 5.8 Ghz frequency , so there 's higher possibility for interference . I doubt that though , as other phones seem to work just fine .
 My wife and I purchased this phone from Best Buy about 6 months ago and ran into some of the same troubles as the ones listed above -LRB- and below -RRB- , but we have a few more interesting problems that are really annoying . First , the second handset doesnt sit correctly in the base and makes the connection to charge noise constantly ! you have to set it in there just right to make it stop . Secondly , our numbers are extremely hard to enter and when it does enter , we get a few extra numbers added to the sequence . not a bad phone but i think were going to try a new set very soon ! hope this review helps
 During my first use I found that even with the volume all the way up , voices come through very low compared to other phones I 've used . After 3 months of use -LRB- light use at that , no kids , dropping , or other abuse -RRB- both handsets began emitting a high pitch squalking as soon as they were turned on . Motorola had me unplug and reset them to no avail . The only way to get rid of the noise was to turn the volume all the way down . It gets rid of the noise , but makes it practically impossible to hear people on the other end . Motorola said that it must be picking up interference from something , but I had not changed or added any other electronics in my home , and I live far enough away from my neighbors that it could not be coming from them . As for the more minor annoyances , the handsets are quite small , if you 're in the habit of holding a phone between your ear and shoulder while you talk this is not the phone you want . Also , although this is an ` expandable ' system capable of working with up to 4 handsets , expansion handsets are `` not available at this time '' says Motorola . I 'm glad , had they been available , I would have bought another at the time of my purchase and now I 'd have three useless phones .
 I needed an unlocked liksys pap 2 , this one is locked and its useless for me . When I bought it it was not clearly marked if it was unlocked or not .
 iconnecthere was never able to get my service up and running , even after I spent close to 6 hours of my time and over two days troubleshooting with their `` technical support . '' Although I had already paid my activation fee , and despite the fact that my new broadband system was not working and had not ever worked since it had arrived , when I contacted customer support , I was told that it would take three days for someone to assist me . When someone did get in touch with me , I spent hours doing everything they instructed me to do , only to hit a wall and then be told that I was not actually dealing with a technician and would need to be passed to one , which would take ... three days . In the end , my service never worked , and even though they acknowledged that it was not due to errors in configuration , etc. on my end , they could not provide an answer for their internal problem.To add salt to the wound , they made me pay to ship back their adapter and refused to compensate me for this , even though I never experienced a working product . I was told that from their perspective , it was not smart business practice for them to pay for return shipping for people who did not want to use their services . Although I insisted that there is a marked difference between someone who chooses not to use their services and someone who would like to , but is prohibited due to unresolved technical issues on their side , they insisted that I pay for shipping to return the adapter , if I wanted my activation fee back and wanted to avoid further monthly charges.With so many other providers out there , please consider choosing a provider that offers true technical support . Although they provide limited hours for customer support , do not confuse this with technical support . They do not provide adequate technical support during their posted available support times . I was told that much of their support lies overseas , not in North America , where I was sold service , which due to the time differences was why , they explained , I was consistently being asked to wait days for needed technical support . Although I had yet to experience the service I had already paid for , I was being asked to wait again and again for the support I needed to even get up and running . I was also never allowed to actually speak to a human being ... the best they offer is limited online chat , which they also disconnect at their discretion.With so many other voip providers out there consider a company that offers a true money-back guarantee for the trial period . iconnecthere will only refund your activation fee if you pay to return their device , regardless of fault on their part . Furthermore , you can only get your money back if you do not use more than 50 minutes in 2 to 3 minute increments during the 30 day trial period . You must read the small print in their terms . Finally , with so many other voip providers out there , consider a company that is willing to acknowledge error on their part , is able to demonstrate consideration for patient and respectful consumers -LRB- I was treated even worse when I expressed displeasure at the way I was being treated and the way my situation was being handled -RRB- , and chooses to engage in ethical business practices . . While I never did have the chance to experience their broadband phone service , I did try their pc-phone feature -LRB- included in the broadband phone plan -RRB- , which did not consistently connect and when connected , provided very poor voice quality . I imagine that this may have been what I would have experineced if the broadband phone would have ever worked.In the end , I guess you get what you pay for . In this case , it would have been better if I had spent a little more to go with a better voip provider . Save your money and your time and insist on obtaining service from a company that is able to meet some basic requirements and is more deserving of your business . Although I am unable to force a company to treat me fairly or to treat me with dignity and respect , I am able to use my voice as a consumer and let others know what type of experience they may encounter when engaging certain services .
 These say they 're `` Heavyweight - Presentation '' quality but I would keep shopping . They are very thin and the three-ring binding looks like it will tear easily . I have purchased dozens of cases of Avery sheet protectors in years past and have never seen some of such low quality as these . Would not buy them again . Did not have time to return as they were for school supplies .
 The backing does not separate from the film . We could not use the product . We even tried putting it in the freezer , hoping that the backing would somehow become stiffer . It still just tore up , leaving us frustrated and discarding the product .
 When removing backing little patches of papper would remain and could not be removed making that section useless . Roll with given stock number was 24 x 50 inches . My husband suggested I should have tryed blow drying it before peeling it for esaier peeling . It was a good suggestion but I did not try it as I had already returned the product . I was able to get a small enough section to test on a photo and it seemed to work well enough , however it is not useful on the larger scale I had bought it for . Buyer beware .
 I purchased this product to laminate my store signs and I 'm sorry I wasted my money ! Just as one other review stated , the paper is so difficult to peel off the back that it will utterly frustrate you to the point of messing up any quality printing you are trying to preserve . At first I thought maybe it was just the end of the roll that was sticking really bad so I rolled off pieces in 3 feet sections and tried it at least FOUR times before just counting my loss . This is JUNK , JUNK and did I mention ... JUNK !! Here it is almost Christmas , I 've wasted money on laminate that I ca n't use for anything because the backing paper wo n't come off , it has messed up previous printing that I had to do over -LRB- wasted laser ink & premium paper -RRB- and I still have to order a product to get my store signs done.I initially bought the product because of the Avery name and my past experience with other Avery products but this laminate is pure JUNK ! They should stop selling it because you ca n't send it back to Amazon once you open the box and cut off the roll . So people , if you chose to buy this product anyway to save money -LRB- that 's why it 's so cheap -RRB- DO N'T bother because you 'll end up paying more in the long run ! Just as I am very upset about this purchase , you will end up very unhappy as well because they have my money , I now own a box of JUNK that I do n't even want to give it away to anyone based off what I just went through . Take my advice and keep looking for a better product!The other thing that pissed me off was the fact that I could not even give this review without checking at least one star when it did not deserve that ! So my one star rating is really a ZERO STAR RATING ! In my store , I 'm always telling people ... What you pay - what you got ! Boy did I get it !!!
 I needed to laminate some white illustration board , which is wider than all the other lamination products I could find , except for this . It looked very easy , it said it was easy ... but it was not . Like the others reviewing this product , I could not get the backing from even one sheet to remove properly . I tried many times , but I could only get halfway across the width of the page before the backing split and started leaving paper behind on the plastic.It seems to me that Avery made a ton of this stuff using a poorly made backing paper that , after a short shelf-life , looses its ability to resist the adherence to the sticky . That 's the only thing I can think of to explain why most users have the same experience as I did , but some do not . In my opinion , do n't take the risk.I have since found a product from Duck called Laminate Adhesive Peel N ' Stick Shelf Liner -LRB- Clear -RRB- that I will try next . Although it 's called `` Shelf Liner '' by the seller on Amazon , the package label clearly -LRB- ha -RRB- shows it to be a laminate used for certificates , awards , posters , etc. . And it got 5 good reviews and no bad .
 The backing will not pull off cleanly . I 'm currently looking for another self adhesive product . Pay the extra , because this product is going into the trash .
 This lamination is horrid . I just got off the phone with Avery customer care and instead of a refund , they are mailing me another roll . SHe said it was an isolated complaint , however after coming here and reading the reviews I see that was a lie . This stuff does not come with an easy off lip , so just getting it started to peel was a nightmare . The roll then sticks to their white backing and when you try to pull , it tears off onto the sticky side . Awful . `` Headache '' Please choose some other alternative . It was $ 76.00 for this roll and after calling around I was able to get my 6 sheets of 24X36 laminated front and back for $ 60 , and I did not have to do the labor.Not worth the cost , the frustration or aggravation . All of us writing bad reviews could NOT be wrong !
 This lamination paper is horrible ! I ca n't get the backing off and when I do the backing separates and the lamination tears . Do n't waste your money on this ! I wish I had n't spent $ 38 on it ! Horrible stuff ! Ca n't even get one project done with it !
 Impossible to remove back unless to cut it up into strips . Bought this product to laminate 6 posters about 24 in by 18 in . This product is very large and I still have plenty left over so the amount was good . But the product was to hard to separate from the paper backing . I finished my project as best as I could but had to use two inch strips instead of covering the entire poster at once .
 The backing will not come off even if you get it started . It tears part way through the removal . For the price I expected a lot better especially from Avery .
 HORRIBLE PRODUCT !! The backing paper rips and does not come off easily . The laminated part wrinkles and puckers . I was ripped off BIG TIME !!!!
 AVERY SELF ADHESIVE LAMINATE ROLL DID NOT PULL AWAY FROM THE PAPER BACKING PROPERLY THAT IS IF YOU COULD EVEN GET IT STARTED . THE LAMINATE LEFT LOTS OF MARKS AND EVEN CRACKED WHEN I TRIED TO REMOVE THE BACKING . I WOULD NOT RECOMEND IT AT ALL .
 good luck removing the backing from this stuff . I was less expensive than what I used prior so I bought it . Boy was that a mistake . The cost saving was out the door with all the wasted film due to backing .
 I have used lots of clear contact paper in the past , but I have never had the paper backing be so difficult to remove ! It was difficult to even remove 2-3 inches without the paper ripping and separating into layers -- leaving an impossible-to-remove thin layer of paper on the adhesive . I am sooo disappointed ! This is acting like a really old roll of masking tape . I spent way too much for a huge roll of useless contact paper !
 Someone gave me a left over piece of laminate which worked beautifully . The paper peeeled off cleanly , the plastic was thick and strong.And the name Avery was on the back . So I looked up Avery on line and ordered my own roll . It is defective . It wo n't peel off , paper tears , plastic tears.All the rolling tricks do n't work . I WANT TO RETURN IT AND GET A ROLL WHICH HAS THE QUALITY I EXPECTED BUT DO N'T KNOW HOW . Maybe the original product is good but quality control is lousy and I am ruining my art pieces trying to deal with it . Judith
 Cheapest way to laminate = YES!Hardest way to laminate = YES!Result = far from professionalMy husband and I tried together to laminate large posters . It took us hours , and it was so difficult to line the laminate to the poster , and to avoid bubbles as you go ! Out of 10 posters we double laminated , may be 3 came out nice . The rest was ok to horrible!This product suits probably smaller projects , but I have n't touched it since , so I could not confirm that !
 Purchased this role of laminate for our school . We laminate atlases & paper back books , etc. . . to have them last longer . When you attempt to separate the clear laminate from backing , it tears randomly and does not come clean off backing . Terrible quality .
 The backing is very difficult to remove . The quality of the pouch is not really good . I ca n't even success one good picture laminate -LRB- with a lot of spend time -RRB- . It 's very hard to laminate anything large because it always happen to get rip when you separate the backing .
 I ordered this to laminate some larges maps 20 x 36 . However , the back will not peel it leaves a small thin layer of the white backing that is impossible to get off . Not very happy with this Avery product , usually very pleased with avery , but not this .
 I used to use this product all the time to make poster board-size -LRB- 18 `` x24 '' -RRB- signs . It was wonderful to work with and protected the signs from weather , even driving rain . Something happened to the quality about 5 years ago . The product went from great to impossible-to-use . I am in the market for a replacement product . Avery needs to get its act together !
 This roll arrived back in January so it is past the return time frame . I just now went to use it , and the laminating material will not pull off of the paper backing ! It is defective ! I highly suggest to not purchase this product ! It seems like a great price , but I ca n't even use this at all . If I could give it 0 stars I would !
 Ok , so I wanted a roll of laminate for mainly covering paperback books and items i wanted to preserve from wear and tear -LRB- i.e. recipe cards -RRB- . I have n't been able to find any rolls of laminate in the stores in quite some time , so I was so happy to find this . Little did I know what a waste of money this was ! First off , it is n't laminate - it 's contact paper . As I 've stated , I 've had and used laminate in the past , and this was not that . Laminate is crystal clear and more substantial in thickness , and this was thin and had a cloudy mist to it , resembling contact paper -LRB- which is the reason I prefer laminate -RRB- . Secondly , it has a paper backing that is impossible to remove without it ripping the paper into shreds -LRB- I 've never had seen laminate with a paper backing , so this should have been my first clue that something was amiss -RRB- , thus eliminating any further attempts at removing said backing and rendering the portion of `` laminate '' as useless.My advice - either try an actual laminate product , or go out and buy yourself a roll of contact paper , it will save you the headaches and aggravation
 Found item to be of poor quality - not what I was looking fo . Cover was cloudy - not see through . Returned item .
 This is not what shipped . I got a litle pencil eraser not an EXPO eraser kit . Unfortunately , I also shipped one to a child for christmas who likes expo boards . This is awefull . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM.The description was listed as ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Product DescriptionExpo 2 Low Odor Dry Erase Kit . 4 Fine Point . 8 Chisel Tip . 1 Eraser . 1 Cleaner.The details said ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Expo 2 Low Odor Dry Erase Kit .4 Fine Point .8 Chisel Tip .1 Eraser.SOLD BY THE KT
 I bought the MD7161 and three extra handsets eight months ago . I have no complaints about thier functionality , but one by one the keypads have died - first the numbers then the dial and answer buttons . When the first one went , I put it in the garage thinking maybe just one was defective . Now I have to buy a new system , since I can only dial out on one of the four handsets.I purchased one of the extra handsets seperately at Target and its keypad is dead as well , so it was n't just a bad batch from one run . They may make very sylish doorstops , but do n't buy these or any other Motorola units if plan on using them to make calls .
 we purchased this phone for its looks
 I read someone 's comments that `` it 's the world 's worst phone '' and I thought , `` Nah , that ca n't be . '' Alas , it is . Where do I begin?Let 's start with the fact that there 's no caller ID on the base - so when the kids have left the phone in another room , my wife or I can not see who 's calling ... until we find the phone!There 's no blinking light to indicate that someone has left a message . If you step outside for a few minutes , you have to remember to pick up the phone when you get back inside , just to hear if someone called.I was amused to see that when you silence the ringer - like when you 're in the bedroom at night and your wife is sleeping - it cheerfully acknowledges your muting of it with a LOUD beep , thereby waking up your loved one . Who says phone design people have no sense of humor?Most serious , though , is the once-a-week flaking out , where all the handsets suddenly display `` Searching '' -LRB- including the one that 's sitting right in the base -RRB- and we can not make calls . It took me awhile to figure out that we have to unplug the base from the A/C outlet for about 3 minutes . Then we can make calls again.I notice that someone else mentioned the small size and that `` it takes some getting used to '' . Well , we never did - not even my daughters . For them , trying to go over homework on the phone with a friend , they can not hold the little handset with their shoulders and go `` hands-free '' -LRB- and I sure ca n't , either -RRB- . It 's mind-boggling how the company tossed away so many good features of the previous line . That previous model is now discontinued , according to Motorola themsselves . In fact , they were the ones who talked me into `` upgrading '' . -LRB- Never has a word been so misused -RRB- . So , this was our second , and last , Motorola - though they do make nice cell phones!I now have the latest Uniden cordless on order -LRB- the Consumer magazines say it 's quite good -RRB- and will let y' all know about that one . Fingers crossed ...
 I bought this premium priced product because it has both built-in voice-mail and speakerphone . The latter was the key feature I sought . Well , it works intermittently , just enough so you can tell -LRB- occasionally -RRB- that it 's `` on '' but infrequently enough that you ca n't actually use it to carry on a meaningful conversation . It reminds me of the `` Can you hear me now '' commercials.I 'd rather live with Courtney than own this piece of junk one more day!All the other complaints from others are absolutely true as well.Ugh . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 This would have been a nice phone set , but the reception was awful ! I got static sound no matter where I was in relation to the base and no matter where I put the base in the house.The manual said to place it away from electrical objects such as microwaves and tv 's . First of all , it is hard to do that nowadays . Second , I did try to move the base and little units around , but I got no change in reception quality.Otherwise , this would have been a really great phone .
 I received this phone and it looks great . We connected it to the line where our old 900mgz phone is connected to and it brought down our DSL line . I contacted Motorola and they explained their phone can not be connected to the same line my computer is connected , it will not work with a DSL line . I am very disappointed a brand new telephone not compatible with DSL is illogical . I am returning the phone , we only have one phone line into the house the old phone works just fine .
 The picture is the product I ordered , however what I received was very different from the photo . The bar is four sided and black , not two sided and tan . It does n't fit my fiskars cutting board . Check , check and triple check what you order online is my suggestion .
 I own an older Fiskars 45mm rotary cutter . After much use , the rubber-like strip on which the paper sits to be cut is worn and damaged . After looking at a few local hobby stores for a replacement -LRB- without luck -RRB- , I was pleased to find it online at Amazon . The photo of this product appears to be exactly what I needed - a glue down , thin strip to replace the cutting surface of my trimmer . HOWEVER , when I received the product , it is a four sided cube-like plastic BAR which can NOT be used with my trimmer . ... If you are looking to replace the thin , rubber strip onto which the paper is cut , THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT PRODUCT and is not what is pictured .
 I have a 12 '' 45mm Fiskars Rotary Paper Trimmer that uses a flat cutting bar 12 '' long . The description appears to be such but received a 12 '' cubed cutting bar which will not work .
 We were expecting the peel and stick cutting strip like the picture shows for our older Fiskars cutter , but instead we got a 4 sided bar for the newer ones . It did work out OK as we found the new cutter on another website for 8 bucks brand new ... Called Fiskars and they had one package left in a warehouse and now we own 2 cutters .
 I ordered it on the advice of a review of the product , but it was the wrong piece . I returned it promptly and am awaiting a refund . The product was shipped promptly , and I would deal with this company again .
 I revert to my walgreens $ 5 phone for important calls because the sound quality is better . Make sure you realize the phone is NOT call-waiting ID ready . Or better yet . . spend more onb something decent .
 I like the Dome Auto Mileage Log Books . Except this one . It 's just too small - Ca n't fill in these little boxes legibly.This small log fits into a pocket nicely and you 'd be able to take it anywhere with ease . It will fit into a shirt pocket , for example , and is so lightweight you would n't remember it 's there . But it 's just too small for the purpose.Dome makes good products and I realize they wanted to go smaller and lighter weight , but this is too small.I found one that is still small but just large enough to suite the purpose . It 's 1.5 inches taller , a quarter of an inch wider and four times as thick as this one , yet it is small . I recommend you get this one which I also got and am using : Dome 750 Mileage Log/Expense Record , 3.5 x 6.5 Inches , Logs 324 Trips -LRB- DOM750 -RRB- .
 I tried to purchase 250 items and the shipping came to $ 1800 . They were going to adjust , howerver , they said the price was incorrect and should be $ 1.71 . I said cancel the order .
 My bad on not reading the colors in the description that do not include the PURPLE pocket seen in the picture -LRB- which is why I bought this item -RRB- ... that being said , I realize there are benefits of using cheap , flimsy pockets such as having less bulk & being lighter to carry around ... however , after several brands & varieties of pocket dividers -LRB- many of which are Avery -RRB- these are near the top of my list of items I wo n't reorder . They were SO inexpensive though that I will not take the time & energy to return them ... Two of them are very CLOUDY in appearance ... they seem extra wide so will use them in the back of binders to hold a handful of forms for easier access for now . Avery and Others make some wonderful products that I would recommend but I do not recommend these .
 This book is not exactly what we were looking for . Just wanted somewhere to keep a record of gas expenditures . The book has many pages dedicated to specific trips for business accounting . But we will use it as it is .
 I do like tke top loading style , but these sheets are so thin , they are not that great . I had to staple the tops of each sheet just to keep the documents in . I would not recomend to anyone .
 I was very disappointed with the quality when I bought these . It says they fit 8.5-x-11-inch sheets of paper . My paper is 8.5-x-11-inch and it sticks out the top by a quarter of an inch . A few of the sheet protectors did n't even have the top open , so the paper would n't go in.I ended up going to Staples and buying the Staples store brand , which are much better ! : D
 Our office ordered some of these sheet protectors , and I just opened a fresh box.Out of approximately 40 sheet protectors I pulled out of the box , three -LRB- that 's right -- 3 ! -RRB- were usable . The others were not properly cut at the top so that sheets could be slid in . If I wanted to use the uncut ones , I had to tear the top apart with my fingers , then was left with protectors that looked wrinkled and torn . Totally unprofessional look . I called Avery , and the customer service rep told me to return them for replacement . I know that 's standard policy , but I do n't feel good about getting these replaced with the same item . If it was a case of one out of 10 being bad , I would n't have the same doubts . But it 's more like one out of 10 being GOOD.Spend a bit more and get slightly more expensive sheet protectors .
 I do n't understand why it 's got such a high rating . -LRB- 1 -RRB- the plastic is so thin , it 's easy to rip -LRB- 2 -RRB- the stitching are just ` dots ' and they rip easily -LRB- 3 -RRB- the pockets are so small that there is no way you can put European/Asian sizes , or put 2 cards in back to back . -LRB- 4 -RRB- the pocket openings are in the middle , on the narrow sides so you 're to squeeeeeze the cards in from the narrow openings which is a challenge each time . In short , I would NOT recommend these pages at all to anyone . Instead , I 'd recommend `` Ultra-Pro 8-Pocket Pages -LRB- 1952-1956 Topps , Bowman Cards -RRB- - 100 Pages per box -LRB- Quantity of 1 -RRB- '' . They are GREAT and I am happy with THAT item for my business card filing .
 BUYER BEWARE !!!!! DO NOT BUY THESE FROM AMAZON FOR THE PRICE !! I made the mistake of buying these without shopping around . AFTER making the purchase I saw the same darn thing at Target for a fraction of the cost ! Infact they had a package of 100 for about what I paid for a pack of 10 !!! I usually love Amazon 's deal , but they dropped the ball on this one ! This is a horrible rip off !!!
 The quality of th eproduct was excellent , but did not meet my needs at all . The description did not explain the format well so I ordered an unusable item .
 Maybe I read the product wrong , but unless the paper already has 3 holes punched in it , it does not fit ! So I now have to hole punch everything in order for these to work ... extra work for me !
 These sheet protectors do not work for sheet music . No one wants to put a 3-hole punch in the music .
 Simply inserting one sheet of paper into these sheet protectors was not easy . The one sheet bunches up because they were made too small . I did n't use them for the purpose I purchased them for because my sheets did n't fit well into them . I just use them to hold unimportant things like restaurant menus . Disappointed with the product .
 I appreciate you asking me for a review . Sadly I can not offer you one as I never recieved the product . I was billed quite efficiently though .
 Although the hardware that holds the whistle , keys , etc. is alright . The clip that holds the lanyard together is inferior and easily allows the cord to come loose . I tried this with 2 of these -LRB- they were cheap -RRB- to make sure .
 These are pretty weak bookends . The metal bends easily and has difficulty holding up marginally large books .
 MMF has cheapened their product until , for me , it is now nearly junk . I have lots of heavy reference books in a 9x12 '' format and need bookends to keep them upright . Sets of 9 '' ones from MMF that I bought about ten years ago work fine , but seemingly identical ones bought today bent over and collapsed . What is going on ? I happen to have a digital micrometer . The `` heavy gauge '' steel from ten years ago is about 0.040 '' thick -LRB- `` about '' because there is some variation over a sample -RRB- , while that from today 's set is 0.025 '' thick . Incidentally , an unused set from a year ago is about 0.030 '' thick .
 I have several sets of black metal bookends . 3 are 7 '' and 2 are 9 '' . ALL have a heavier gauge steel than the MMF 9 '' bookends . I used my calipers to measure the thickness of the MMF 9 '' bookends and they are 0.03 '' thick . My older set of 9 '' bookends are 0.05 '' thick . Unfortunately , my older 9 '' set , which still looks like new , was given to me as a gift 7 years ago and I do n't even know if they make them anymore or where to buy them.The MMF 9 '' which are 0.03 '' thick are wafer thin . Would you believe the MMF 9 '' bookends are made in the USA ?! The quality is truly pathetic . I purchased the MMF 9 '' because the description states
 These are as thin as an aluminum cans and ca n't support a thing . One of the three pairs I wasted my money on arrived with the top curved into a roll from bouncing around in the box , which contained no other item . Of course it was easily bent back with my fingers to be more or less straight , but you can imagine how well such a `` bookend '' would work . Moreover , the spongy material underneath only serves to help the thing slide out of place more easily . Mine went right to the trash . Look elsewhere for something that works .
 I ordered Baumgarten 's Plastiklips . For archival use , I HAD to have ONLY Baumgarten 's Plastiklips . I have a receipt saying that 's what I ordered and that 's what I paid for . However , it 's NOT what I received . I received a substitute shipped from Sam 's Club and ca n't get them returned , as you have to have a membership to get return permission . It 's been a nightmare .
 Only the little bits are magnetized . Worthless . I bought it to put nail clippers and such on but it has very little use without the strip being magnetized .
 I have a DCP-1000 at home . One of the reason I bought this machine was because the toner is separate from the drum , making replacement cheaper and more friendly to the environment.But when the drum goes bad just beyond the one year warranty you are stuck with a $ 170 dollar replace cost . Called Brother and they were not willing to fix or replace drum .
 When I first started using this printer/copier/scanner , I thought it was a wonderful machine at a great price . But by the time I had almost used up my first toner cartridge , my printed pages contained white stripes , so I needed to replace the drum . Oh , Brother ! The drum costs over half of what the entire printer does . Since the drum is considered a consumable , it is not covered under warranty . Maybe it would be cheaper to only use this machine as a copier/scanner , and get a separate laser printer to do my printing from the computer ...
 The other reviews are in sync with my observations . The drum wears out quick . Also , the toner cartridges wear out quick . I have a brother printer , and it is much better for me just to print duplicates on it.I am not sure it is worth getting another drum . You could buy a new machine for just a little more than the drum costs.Other than this problem , it is a nice machine .
 I thought I would be quite happy with this printer when I found it at a reasonable price . But with its splotchy printing , low drum capacity , and expensive drums , I found it cheaper to buy a HP 1012 than to keep this one running . Even the starter drum on the HP 1012 last longer than the DCP 1000 drums .
 This and another model of Southwest Bell phone I have both have very low volume and talk time of only 40 - 60 minutes max !!!
 This is a nice looking phone . It was our second cordless phone . The first lasted several years before the rechargeable battery finally died.But after trying this phone , we gave up on cordless varieties.The first battery would n't hold a charge . The company shipped a second , but we could n't make it work.Based on the experience of other customers , in addition to our own , it looks like Southwestern Bell messed up on this model .
 Using this phone has been a frustrating experience . I initially liked it because of the wall mount and the way it tilts back for holding the handset . After that there are no redeeming features . People on the other end always said we sounded far away or they could barely hear us . On the receiving end , we experienced a lot of background interference - hissing , echo , and word cut off . I tried two of these and got the same result . It 's too late for me , but save yourself the headache -LRB- literally from all the noise -RRB- . I 'm going to live with the sticky keypad on my old Panasonic and put it back into service until I find something else .
 We bought the phone yesterday for what we thought was a good deal . Unfortunately , this phone is the noisiest phone I 've ever tried . Dialing means you have to incur an annoying clicking sound , and hanging up involves a loud beep . Simply putting the phone on the base requires earplugs . Returning this sucker tomorrow .
 I expect quality transmission in a phone and from day one with this model it has been a lose lose situation for me and the person I am talking to . The person on the other end always says the same thing - `` you sound really far away or I can barely hear you '' . For me , there is a continuous hiss and an echo when I speak . Despite the sticking key pad , our old Panasonic cordless is superior to this phone . For now , I dial out using the new phone and conduct the call on the old phone . I still need a new phone - the Soutwestern Bell phone has got to go ! It 's too late for me , but save yourself the headache -LRB- literally from all the hiss in your ear -RRB- and select another cordless phone .
 After having three phones from Southwestern Bell and having problems with all three , I was told by their customer service reps that their phones do n't work in the kitchen . That 's seens funny . Where do most people have their phones . The battery does n't stay charged , there are moments when it just cuts out for a couple seconds , and the volume is bad even when you turn it all the way up .
 Overpriced junk . The replacement cartridges alone are 60 a pop . The whole thing costs them about 5 bucks to make.Buttons respond 75 % of the time.Dim LCD screen.No clear all button so you have to go through and manually delete everything everytime to make a new label.Cartridges jam frequently -LRB- roughly every 45 min -RRB- . It 'd be okay if it were fixable , but it is n't . You have to throw out the cartridge and use a fresh one to make it work.Waste of money . Waste of space .
 The sound on this phone is poor and the clock can not be set . The lights are neat but do not buy if you want a quality sound !
 This phone is cheap ... the sound quality matches -LRB- which I can live with -RRB- . What I could n't deal with was that they include a clock that the user CAN NOT SET . Nowhere in the manual does it give instructions for setting the clock -LRB- although you can set the language , area code , ringer , and blinky lights -RRB- . Turns out ... the undocumented `` feature '' is that you have to wait for a callerID call to come in ... and then the clock is supposed to set . Guess what ... does n't work . So . . it 's a cheap phone with cool blinky lights that never has the right time set .
 These arms did NOT fit the `` Tiffany Office Furniture 4005AG2110 Adjustable Swivel Task Stool . '' Three pilot holes drilled into the bottom of the seat did not align with the arms ' screw holes . The arms only move up and down ; they do n't move in and out .
 did n't work so good was n't very dark but they replaced the product and the other one did n't work any better so it may be the old printer that we are using
 This product is cheaply made & designed . The plastic is too thin and one side of the tag has the manufacturers embossed name etc. negating the ability to write on that side of the tag . The metal clip is very flimsy & frequently does a poor job of retaining the key . Not a product I can recommend-with just a little effort by the manufacturer this could have been much better . Look elsewhere for you key tag solution .
 This lasted me for a week . Then it broke . Cheap product , very thin . I wanted a thicker ring that will hold my keys but this was very flimsy .
 I purchased 2 of these for my kids.I thought the price was reasonable and that my kids could keep their money and special items in them.But , the lock on one of them does n't work and on the other one , the latch broke.I thought about returning them but , between time and money , I decided against it.I guess , maybe the price was too reasonable.You get what you pay for .
 I bought this box to replace one that I 've owned for almost 40 years . There were 2 reviews at the time - one was in favor of and the other was against . I figured I had a 50-50 chance of receiving a good product.Unfortunately , the latter review was correct . The lock does n't offer much security , and the lid does n't fit tightly onto the bottom of the box - it wobbles.I returned it and opted for a refund as opposed to an exchange . So I do n't know if I just received a defective box , or if they 're all like the one I got . I was n't going to take that chance .
 First box that Amaons ent to me i had to send back . Second one still had a damage spot . I domt feel there should be any dents at all .
 Bought this chest , looking for an additional layer of protection within my larger fireproof safe , and because the dimensions were the best available for my needs . It arrived poorly packaged , with four of eight corners damaged . Was able to fix the sheetmetal damage - disregard the cosmetic appearance . The lid appears to be too large for the case . There 's an extra one-quarter inch clearance between each of the four sides of the lid and the case . I question the fireproof capability with those large gaps in the insulation . It was n't worth sending back . So , I kept the first one and reordered another - same issues with the second one . I would return both if they were my only fireproof barrier , but since I keep them both in a large , fine quality fire and waterproof safe , they 'll do as a simple additional lockbox with some -LSB- anticipated -RSB- additional fire protection.Come on , Amazon - how about some effective Quality Control within your Shipping Department . Sometimes Amazon ships with the perfect and most creative packaging . Other times the packaging is almost non-effective . Even though , I 'll keep Amazon.com as my primary source for online shopping .
 I think my fire proof box was a factory second , the left side handle was busted in to three pieces and the right side lid was caved in , this had to be a `` China made item '' ... I ca n't imagine any USA worker letting this out of a factory door ... It was only $ 21.00 so I will keep it ...
 I thought that this would be made of a much sturdier material . It is really chintzy , and I doubt it would keep anyone out . Not sure what it would be useful for ! I thought the price was way too high for what this product is . I guess the only good thing is its size . Oh , and I could n't even get my hand under the handle to carry it comfortably ... I had to have my friend work on it by adding a metal link.Had I bought it locally , I would have returned it .
 The box does only what it says it 's supposed to do -- keeps file papers under lock and key . The box is a very light gauge metal -LRB- lunch box grade -RRB- , easily bent or dented and has a minimal lock mechanism with just a rudimentary bar of metal as a latch . This is an low security storage box -- seems like anyone with a screwdriver could pry the lid open . Both rails for the file dividers are actually set far from each other and are too low in the box -- file dividers pop right off the rails as the base of the dividers rest right on the box bottom , and the hangar ends of the dividers wo n't sit securely within the rail tracks . I had to gingerly use pliers to adjust both tracks so the dividers set in place . If potential water damage is a factor , the holes for the handle clasps and the piano hinge at the back of the lid are open to the inside , so if rainstorm damage or office sprinklers could be a problem for valuable papers , this box just wo n't provide protection . I 'm being picky about these details , especially at this low price -LRB- and especially utilizing Amazon 's free shipping -RRB- but all of these items might have been taken care of at the outset , making for a more satisfactory and secure box .
 The product arrived dented with a broken lock . It had been packaged in a box that was slightly too shallow and evidently rather than getting a bigger box , the person packing just slapped some tape on and hoped for the best . I think the box itself would be fine for its purpose but unfortunately it was unusable when I received it .
 Cheap , cheap , cheap . The 1st turn of the key bent it and jammed inside the lock . Upon inspection of the 2nd key , it was already bent ! Spend a few more dollars and get something that works and is n't made from a desk .
 When in the `` locked '' position , the top can be lifted at least one-half centimeter , at which time any additional pressure will force open the box . A determined 2 year old could open this box when `` locked . '' I would not recommend this item if your intent is to lock the box .
 The one I received was missing the latch inside the box for the lock to attach to . Returning to amazon and will order another brand .
 As others have noted the variation in thicknesses amongst dimes and pennies makes it impossible to get a consistently accurate count by the height of a coin stack in one of these tubes . Believe me , I tried several strategies . It always seemed to be accurate for nickels and almost always for quarters . Unfortunately that 's not accurate enough for the bank . After several tries with the coin tubes , and verifying the total by manually counting , I realized this tool was incapable of counting the value of coins in a jar.You can still use it to wrap coins in wrappers , but since many banks do n't take them that way and will unpack them and recount them if they do , there 's not really any purpose I can think of that is served by these plastic tubes .
 The wrist coil broke the second time I used it . i have had similar products , and they lasted a long time . This is not reliable to hold keys .
 It broke on me before I even had a chance to use it once ... just putting it on my wrist , the elastic coil snapped . .
 I purchased this cash drawer within 2 weeks the key would no longer open the lock . big problem when the money is inside . The company quickly sent me another one and I returned the first defective drawer . Same problem happened with the second drawer . Figured we would just live with it as long as it closed and just not lock the drawer when we were away from it . Now The push button that opens the closed drawer does not work . Too much money to pay for something that creates more problems than it solves . DO NOT BUY !!!
 I received this product in a nicely package Amazon shipping box . When I opened it , the box on the inside , for the actual product was mildly damaged . Product was of poor quality and did not come with keys . The outer metal casing was bent , and the button mechanism was extremely difficult to press . The till -LRB- inner plastic cash tray -RRB- was cracked in several different spots . When using the check slot , checks commonly got stuck inside the front panel . Again , poor quality . Think twice before buying .
 We bought this and 3 months later two of the clippy things that hold down money broke off . For the price it 's not worth it .
 The drawer is not the a quality cash drawer . . especially for the price , i would not get this one ...
 The internal money drawer arrived broken -LRB- the plastic feet , one completely broken off the other cracked -RRB- . As a result the two front slots do not work as there is no space for checks and large bill to fit under the tray . Hopefully they will send me a replacement drawer . Keep you posted .
 I bought this for my son . He has had it for one week , and the combination lock just broke . We ca n't open the cash drawer to get his money out . Once we figure out how to open it and retrieve his money , I will be returning it .
 We bought this cash box for our child for Christmas . ONE day after he filled this box with his money , all his money was locked in the safe and the combination dials were stuck and the poor kid could not access his money . I tried to turn the combination but I could not do it . Finally my husband was able to force the dials . I can not imagine a business owner carrying around this box , or using it at all . We all need reliable products , ESPECIALLY when they contain money or important papers . This item is useless to us now . Now I must try again and spend more money . I am very frustrated and disappointed .
 I ordered these a few months ago to have on-hand for the future . Its been several months , I am just now getting around to using them . So , unfortunetly , the return period has run out . The package says they are 2 '' tabs , so I did n't know I needed to return them , until I opened them today . They are not 2 '' they are 3 '' , which will not work for my purposes . I purchased 15 bags , so this is very frustrating . I love purchasing thru Amazon Prime , but I think in future , I will continue to buy my office supplies localy .
 I ordered these a few months ago to have on-hand for the future . Its been several months , I am just now getting around to using them . So , unfortunetly , the return period has run out . The package says they are 2 '' tabs , so I did n't know I needed to return them , until I opened them today . They are not 2 '' they are 3 '' , which will not work for my purposes . I purchased 15 bags , so this is very frustrating . I love purchasing thru Amazon Prime , but I think in future , I will continue to buy my office supplies localy .
 Doesnt work with a laser mouse . And this is the lightest one they make . The tech support was nice though . And the material is great and the product looks great .
 mousepad looks supergood . texture material is excellent . sticks very well to the table ... I 'd put 5 stars out of 5 if I would n't own a new Apple 's Magic Mouse . . texture seems to be confusing the mouse a lot . . diagonal drags over the pad make mouse go zig-zag over the screen ... you 're all good if you use mouse with a wheel .
 While the design is attractive and sleek , I really dislike this phone . The menus are complicated and unintuitive . Retrieving messages is such a hassle . Plus , you ca n't play the messages aloud . I 've decided to chuck this phone and move back to Panasonic . I wholeheartedly do not recommend this phone .
 This phone has been quite disappointing . The buttons do not seem to respond well , and it has been particularly difficult to delete messages . As a result , the messages build up until the phone has to be unplugged to clear the mailbox . I would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 This phone is of poor quality all around.If you need a trouble free phone - do n't ge this one .
 13 months after buying a 4015 , the base station quit communicating with the handset . Called Siemens `` customer care '' line . Was informed there is no service available after the warranty period is over . Their advice `` check eBay and see if someone has a used base station for sale , or buy another 4000 series and I would then have two handsets . '' Yeah right ... 13 months after that I guess they give the same advice ? Then I would have 3 handsets with only $ 450 invested . STAY AWAY FROM SIEMENS !!!!
 I had purchased this phone 11/2 year ago and then all of the sudden one day , they did n't work . We could get no dial tone . I called the customer service number which instructed me to do a few things -LRB- take batteries out , unplug the main unit , etc -RRB- and nothing worked . She then concluded that the base was broken and because it was greater than one year I 'd have to purchase another one for $ 120 ! I spent over $ 300 because We had 4 phones total and it stops working after a year!I recently bought the V-tech phone and love it so far ! The quality is much better and has nicer features . I like how the name of the person calling and the number appear at the same time unlike the Siemens phone.Siemens customer serivce was not helpful and their products are not worth the money you spend for them .
 Most internet sites list the Siemens 4015 Gigaset as expandable to four headsets . It actually can handle only three . The user 's manual is quite confusing and contains the same mistake . When I called Siemens `` Customer Care Service '' they said that , although they recognized the error , they kept coming up with reasons on how it was either my own or the dealer 's fault -LRB- i.e. not Siemen 's problem -RRB- . They also said that their policy was not to upgrade or refund units . Beware if you have any problems since they do n't seem to want to stand behind their product.Regarding this `` not-expandable-to-four-units '' 4015 model , the sound and range performance is good . Of course , this is offset by the strange ringing selections -LRB- a normal ring choice is not offered -RRB- and the difficulty in programming these overly-complex units . Expect to spend a lot of time programming the base unit and then have to repeat this again and again for every other handset in your system.Given my experience so far , I 'd have to think twice about recommending this product . In fact , I 'm going to either return mine or sell them ...
 I have had the 4015 for over a year . The other day , the base unit locked up . I called `` customer care '' , it was anything but . Their recommendation to me was to buy another 4015 unit , at -LSB- full price -RSB- . I have 2 other handsets , so I am pretty much locked into buying another unit or trying to sell the ones I have . They have no service option , and do n't allow you to purchase just the base unit . I really liked the performance of the unit , but can not recommend it due to the complete lack of service options .
 The call log feature of this phone worked unpredictably . Sometimes , calls from a particular number would be logged , while other times , calls from the same caller would fail to appear in the log . Siemens recommended that I replace the base unit , which I did . This failed to correct the problem . They recommended replacing the base unit again . Instead , I just returned the whole phone system . In addition to the call log problems , the phone also often made an unusual clicking noise during telephone conversations.Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- was extremely helpful throughout this whole process and I give Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- five stars for their customer service . Unfortunately , I wish I could say the same for the Siemens phone .
 Do n't like the phone . It 's so short that if I have the earpiece over my ear , the mouthpiece is so far from my mouth callers have trouble hearing me . It 's not any clearer than my 900MHz Panasonic , nor is the range any better.Don ' t like the answering machine either . The buttons and display are so tiny I have to study the phone in good lighting to see what I want to do . I miss the old push-a-big-button style of answering machine where the messages can be heard as you wander around the room . The weak electronic voice sound on this unit forces me to stay within a foot of the phone , hitting replay with annoying regularity.This is not a convenient appliance , nor is its use intuitive .
 If you are on the phone more than 20 minutes at some point the phone will start beeping and you will be disconnected for no reason . I own 3 handsets and it does this with all of them . Also , sometimes when answering the phone the connection is made so poorly that you can not hear the person on the line . JUNK .
 I have these phones sitting in a box waiting for me to get around to selling them to someone on eBay . I feel a little bit guilty about that because they were so useless in my home . Granted we have an old stone house with thick walls , but the Uniden cordless phones I got to replace these work fine.When I called the company to see what to do about the ceaseless popping , buzzing and dropped signals they advised that the phone was not for distance but for security so I should talk in the same room as the base stand . Silly really . Do n't waste your money .
 If you 're looking for a 4 phone system , do not buy the 4015 ! It only supports 3 handsets total . You have to buy the 4010 or the 4200 series if you want 4 phones . Siemens does a terrible job of communicating this . Some places in the manual say 3 , some say 4 , and the website even says 6 . When I pointed this out to customer support , they did n't seem to care . Also , in my house the extention handsets had terrible clicking static , rendering them useless . I had high hopes for this product , but had to return it .
 I purchased this phone about 2 weeks ago . And it 's going back to the store today . I have 2 other 900MHz Panasonic phones . I liked the design . I wanted to get one for a long time most of all because it 's a legendary Siemens . I was fooled by the name . This phone is a nothing but waist of money . I do n't know where those other reviewers who said that this is a great phone and there is no static . But I live in Los Angeles and every body has a codeless phone and lives close to each other . There is way too much noise in this phone . My friends say that it sounds like I am calling from a propeller plane.I do n't like that there are no operating buttons in the base set . I do n't think we should adapt to machines that are made to make our lives easier , instead those machines should be made to adapt in to our lives . I think there should be buttons in the base unit.Ring tones are just annoying . There are 10 of them and 1 can be somewhat tolerable.The bottom line is this phone is design for the European market and it just does n't work for the US lifestyles .
 Had this phone for about 2 years now and it has been nothing but trouble . I had to reboot it at least 4 times and then , finally , it just died . Avoid .
 I do n't think any cordless phones are perfect , but I do n't care for this phone other than the style . It 's answering machine is not real intuitive and the speaker is underpowered if any background noise in the room while you try to play messages -LRB- we went back to voicemail -RRB- . Reception in and around our house is just so-so as well . Our other 2.4 gig phone is a similarly priced Panasonic and reception is better , hands down . Bottom line , people can have different experiences with the same phone for whatever reasons , but I find it curious the price seems to be dropping quickly for this unit and a rebate still applies .
 These phones are awful . I purchased one 2415 and three 2400 for my house , and it has been a terrible disaster . Phones sound ALL the time with interference.Siemens has a card inside that says
 My husband bought this phone -LRB- in addition to the model with a telephone base -RRB- for me because of it 's simple to use features and because I needed a reliable phone that could go with me while I chased my kids around the house . Unfortunately , it only took a week for problems to arise and they worsened over the next several months . Phone conversations were interupted with a choppy , static like noise . Sometimes , when dialing , the phone would take forever to dial a number only to find that it had n't connected properly and never completed the dial . We also had problems with connectivity to the base . As the phone would ring , the base could n't find the handset saying `` searching '' ... and we would n't be able to answer the phone without running to another phone in the house.It has wonderful features , including memory redial of several numbers , call id , an extensive phone directory that 's easy to program and much more . Perhaps Siemens will figure out the bugs and put out a better model . So far , we 've tried three of these things hoping that the previous model was just a lemon ... much to our dismay , they all failed . Wish it had worked better . : -LRB-
 This is the WORST WORST WORST phone I have ever owned . The handsets keep breaking from normal use , and SIEMENS only gives a one month warantee after they replace them . They are horribly put together . I love the features . Learned the menus no problem . I WISH THEY HAD BUILT A PHONE AS GOOD AS THEIR FEATURES BUT THEY DID NOT !!!! THIS PHONE IS HORRIBLE . The sound quality is also terrible . so one star for great features and NO stars for a usable phone.stay away . run to another brand . . do n't look back .
 I have had this phone two months . I was surprised to find that it does not have a speed dial feature . What they call speed dialing requires you to open the directory , page through till you find the person you want to call , and then punch the talk button . The voice dial is even worse . You have to find the person in the directory before saying their name to call them . Unlike most phones you ca n't just program a phone number to be called when you punch 1 , 2 , etc.The sound quality is not good . It is often hard to hear the person on the other end of the line . I ca n't see much improvement over the Radio Shack 900Mhz unit we replaced . The ring options do not include any that sound like a normal phone ring , they are musical tunes or pager tones . Since we have two pagers and kids toys and cell phones that all play tunes or similar tones , it is confusing -LRB- and a little irritating -RRB- to figure out that the phone is ringing.In about 45 days the battery began to fail . It only holds a charge for about 20 min . If the handset is not carefully seated on the charger it will discharge in a couple of hours even without being used.It is a very complicated phone to program , and very time consuming to figure out the most basic functions . The software must have been designed by Microsoft because it is completely illogical and complicated . Also , you have to take any problems you have directly back to Siemens -LRB- a German firm -RRB- after you open the box . Their support is minimal and there is no assurance of satisfaction if the product just stinks . This is the worst phone I have owned .
 I bought a Siemens Gigaset 4015 and several 4000 handsets a year ago , and have had nothing but trouble with them . They cut off phone calls in mid-conversation , and are so unreliable , I can no longer use them . I 've called Siemens Technical Support multiple times , and am given useless troubleshooting tips . What 's been my solution ? I bought an inexpensive AT&T cordless phone from my local drugstore , and it works like a charm . The low $ AT&T phone beats the higher $ $ $ Siemens phones hands down . I do n't buy all the excuses that try to make up for the Siemens cordless products ' faults -- my AT&T cordless works like a champ in a home that has a wireless network , where I use my microwave , and where I do all the other everyday things a good phone should be able to handle .
 Bought this phone after reading some good reviews . I was having no trouble with my old panasonic 900mHz , but wanted caller ID.The problems : - The menus to make adjustments are ridiculously complicated and not intuitive . I am not stupid and can read the instructions , but there is no reason to make a menu system this convoluted-Very difficult to scroll through the list of missed calls , and no indicator light to tell you when people called-only one line for caller ID so it cycles through name and number one at a time - extremely annoyingThe pros : It does have some good ring tonesStyle factor is good
 This phone has lots of bells and whistles . but did not perform the basic function of a clear connection . I thought that maybe it would get better with different weather , but for two days there was a background hiss . I returned it . Would not recommend this to anyone .
 I 've had this phone now for over 2 years and have n't felt it was the best investment . Like many consumers I like the convenience of a cordless hand-held phone , however like some of the previous reviews , it is n't comfortable to hold between your head and shoulder ... in fact , it 's almost down-right impossible ! The battery life is frequently short and will cut you off right in the middle of a call . If you are in the middle of a call while the phone is in the cradle a slight move will sometimes end the call prematurely . The headset is awkward and uncomfortable and the sound quality on both ends of the call is sometimes awful . I 've heard static almost consistantly on the headset . The buttons are somewhat hard to use since they seem to work then not work sporadically and have a delay between pushing the number and actually dialing . I really dislike the ringing tones - like an annoying cell phone from the early 90s . And the volume is also lacking in choices , there just are n't enough settings to get the volume loud enough on the headset . If I could , I would replace this phone with a Bang & Olufson .
 I bought a Siemens Gigaset 4015 and several 4000 handsets a year ago , and have had nothing but trouble with them . They cut off phone calls in mid-conversation , and are so unreliable , I can no longer use them . I 've called Siemens Technical Support multiple times , and am given useless troubleshooting tips . What 's been my solution ? I bought an inexpensive AT&T cordless phone from my local drugstore , and it works like a charm . The low $ AT&T phone beats the higher $ $ $ Siemens phones hands down . I do n't buy all the excuses that try to make up for the Siemens cordless products ' faults -- my AT&T cordless works like a champ in a home that has a wireless network , where I use my microwave , and where I do all the other everyday things a good phone should be able to handle .
 I got this unit & a 2nd . hand set , I found them easy to set up & use , however after a few months the LCD screens on both started to fade out , I called mfg. & they said they would replace units if I 'd send them to them , not knowing how long I 'd wait for replacements to arrive I bought a Uniden 5.8 unit -LRB- with extra handset -RRB- which I 'd rate at 5 stars after appox . 6 months of use .
 I purchased this phone early in the year , and was very happy with it . Then , it stopped working . The display on the handset was flashing and also had lost many of the menu items . I called Siemens support and they told me that the problem was a bad handset . I shipped the handset off to them and received a new one . The exact problem existed . I called back Siemens and they told me it must be a bad base . I needed to send them the bill for proof of purchase -LRB- apparently the policy had changed between the original troubleshooting -RRB- and they would make arrangements to have the base replaced . I am frustrated that their original troubleshooting did n't point to the base . It would have saved me a lot of time and bother . Now I hope I can find the original bill or I 'm out of 100 bucks . From now on I 'll stick to simple , basic cheap phones .
 We have had the 2415 Siemens phone system with 4 handsets for 22 months . This is the single-line predecessor of the 4000 series . Except for some speech breakup at about 150 feet away from the base unit , it has worked well until last week . At that time , the handset that was on the base unit would unpredictably go into search mode and be unable to find the base unit so that we could not answer the phone . The remote units had some breakup but usually worked OK until the were brought near the base unit . They would then also go into search mode and be functionless . I made three calls to Siemens support in the last 24 hours , and after doing numerous base unit resets , re-registering of handsets , the problem is unchanged . Siemens will not accept the base unit for repair -LRB- I 'd be hapy to pay for it -RRB- and suggested that I buy a refurbished unit at their website but they do n't have the same unit available . They said that they do not have any authorized repair services in the USA . There is NO support for the units after the warranty period -LRB- 1 year -RRB- has expired . One is then left with a -LSB- money -RSB- phone system which does n't work and can not be repaired nor applied toward the purchase of a newer system . I hope someone at Siemens is monitoring these reviews , because no one should buy a Siemens phone until the company has repair support for one of its phone systems that has become defective after the limited warranty has expired . I think that -LSB- money -RSB- per year is too much to pay for a home phone .
 I really , really wanted to like and keep this phone . It was interesting to note how many of the reviews were split into either rave reviews , or embarassingly poor reviews of this phone . I 'd hoped that environmental issues contributed to the most commonly cited complaint -- that the Seimens phone lacked the voice clarity of the phone it was replacing . But sadly , after owning the phone for two days , and making half a dozen calls on it , everyone I spoke to thought I was using a voice distortion device , or speaking from within a echo chamber . I could hear them quite clearly , but there must have been some problem with the microphone on my handheld unit . I was not using this phone while using the microwave , I do not -LRB- yet -RRB- have a wireless network . I did Read The Manual -LRB- RTFM -RRB- , and still , I could n't think of any other causeSeimens has fantastic customer service , available 7 days a week , and they suggested I reset the phone to its default settings . They also said that if this did n't work , it was most likely a hardware problem , and I should simply return the phone . It did n't work , and for the price I paid for this phone , I expect a lot of bells and whistles , but not at the expense of the essential function of a telephone
 Siemens do not offer repair support in the US on any of their phones once the one year warranty is up . I was willing to pay and send it wherever but no luck there . If your phone system goes wrong , you are on your own ! All they do is suggest you buy a reconditioned unit from them.Until they sort this out , I would recommend not buying their phones . I speak from experience after having suffered their uncaring Customer Care dept.
 Upon purchasing this phone , I had very high expectations regarding its quality . As it was made by a prestigious firm and utilized technology that was then state-of-the-art , one might easily understand why.The phone not only under-delivered relative to my expectations , it also failed to meet the standards that define a telephone -LRB- i.e. providing communications between two parties -RRB- . From day one -LRB- out-of-the-box -RRB- people to whom I spoke with using the phone could not hear me . They complained of distortion as well as intermittent muting . Perhaps this was due to other appliances that operate at the 2.4 Ghz frequency . Not being a particularly tech-savvy individual , I have little patience for this type of excuse . My feeling is , if a firm puts out a product ... are you ready for this ? ... it should work under normal circumstances . What domicile these days is without a microwave -LRB- a device that I understand may cause interference -RRB- ? Design the phone so that it works around the appliances . If we can put a man on the moon using less computer power than is contained in the average PDA , designing a 2.4 Ghz phone that works should not only not be impossible , it should be easy.Think of this , lets say that Boeing made a new airplane ... and it had revolutionary fuel efficiency . But , it did n't fly when it is raining . Would any airline lease or buy that plane ? Would any traveler get on the plane ? Would Boeing realse the plane ? No.Just the same -LRB- although involving less danger -RRB- is Siemens designing a phone that can not work under relatively normal circumatances . But Siemens released it.After about 2 months , the battery stopped working . In my opinion a cordless phone battery is not something that should need bi-monthly replacement . Never-the-less I called Siemens and requested a new phone . Siemens sent one . Identical results.I will not call Siemens again to ask for a new phone . I am simply buying a phone made by another firm.I recommend to anyone reading this review ... do the same ... buy a phone made by another firm .
 Lousy sound quality
 I 'm not a smart man but I 'm not a crazy man either . I bought this phone and for a couple of weeks it was the best thing since Penelope Cruz in Open Your Eyes . Then one day it stopped working forever and I wept . Save yourself the pain and weeping . Buy a different brand .
 I do not have this model , but I 've had three of the 2410 models . The first phone stopped working within a few months of owning it . Siemen 's replaced the phone promptly , but the `` new '' one is n't working either . The caller ID does n't work well , the display partially burned out , the battery lasts about 24 hours at best , and now I can not hear the caller , even though the caller can hear me . This is the worst phone that I have ever owned , and I doubt that this newer version would be as good as the other cordless phones on the market .
 I bought this phone because a colleague of mine had one , and I liked the idea of being able to listen to my messages on the answering machine privately without them being blared to one and all . So even though it was a fairly expensive telephone , I talked my husband into getting it for me one Christmas . After only a few months , though , the base failed to communicate with the handset . I was able to fix it myself following the trouble-shooting procedure in the user 's manual , but after another couple of months the same problem occurred . This time I could n't fix it myself , so I called Siemens customer support . They had me try some things , still to no avail . They then sent me a new phone . That one worked for another couple of months , and then the base stopped communicating with the handset ... again . So I again called Customer Support , and this time they were not so helpful . I was on hold for a very long time , and then when I got through , the guy told me I had to follow a procedure , wait 15 minutes , and call him back . When I finally got through to them after the 15 minutes , it emerged that he had gone home and obviously had just told me to go through this rigmarole so he would n't have to help me any more . I would have preferred just being told that right up front instead of being on hold for upwards of half an hour ! They never did figure out why I was having problems , and because I was now past the original warranty period they informed me I would have to buy another phone.So I gave up in disgust and bought an AT&T model for half the money that is much easier to use and works perfectly . And guess what ? I found out after using the Siemens model that I do n't even LIKE the feature of listening to messages through the handset ! It turns out to be more convenient to have both hands free for writing , putting away groceries , etc. while listening to messages than having to hang onto a handset . Oh well . Live and learn .
 The phone has a lot of great features that work great.The bigest problem ive had with the phone is charging the batteries.I am on my third phone only because I cant get all my money back from best buy.I am surprised no one has mentioned this problem in their reviews.Customer support is great but has not been able to solve the charging problems ive had.I have let the phone sit in the charger for 24 hours and the phone goes dead in 5 minutes or it doesnt charge at all I have been sent replacent batteries twice with no luck . I guess it could just be bad luck but three times ?
 I reluctantly packaged up my Siemens 4015 for return today . I like the size of the phone and love the rechargable AA batteries but the sound quality was pretty bad . There is a great deal of noise on my phone even when I 'm just a few feet from the base . Also , there is this popping noise that drives me crazy . I do n't recommend this phone to anyone .
 My complaint is that , when listening in the handset , I hear too much `` snow '' or air noise . It 's not AWFUL , but I wish it was n't there . I was going to return it but realized I already sent in for the rebate -LRB- and as a result the UPC is missing -RRB- and so I ca n't . With all the techonology available these days , I 'm sure there 's a cordless phone that 's better .
 I purchased this phone a couple of years ago and have already had to take it back to the store and replace it twice . The battery life does n't last more than 10 hours when it is unused and only about 11/2 hours if you are talking on it . The clarity on it is great but the phone was not worth -LSB- what -RSB- I paid for it .
 These were legal size but nowhere in the description did it indicate that . They seemed to be of good quality but I did not want legal and had to return them . Amazon handled the return without any problem .
 I ordered these a few months ago to have on-hand for the future . Its been several months , I am just now getting around to using them . So , unfortunetly , the return period has run out . The package says they are 2 '' tabs , so I did n't know I needed to return them , until I opened them today . They are not 2 '' they are 3 '' , which will not work for my purposes . I purchased 15 bags , so this is very frustrating . I love purchasing thru Amazon Prime , but I think in future , I will continue to buy my office supplies localy .
 Someone at Amazon needs a brain transplant . Who would pay this price for one folder and then add on the shipping charge ?
 Love the mouse pad , it 's beautiful and feels great . But , the globe pattern freaks out my optical mouse . If I actually rated the pad a little more granularly : Look
 Due to the line pattern , I CAN NOT recommend this particular mouse rug for use with OPTICAL MICE . I have a different mouse rug at work , and it 's great , which is why I got another one for my house , but this particular one does n't really work with optical mice . Regular mice should have ZERO issue , however .
 I got three of these , all three had a giant Pendaflex product label on the front -LRB- 3 &#34; x5 &#34; -RRB- that literally took me nailpolish remover and a 3M green scrub pad to remove AFTER I soaked the label under a hot wet paper towel for 30 min . I suspect these were probably a product reject sold on 2nd market , picked up by someone and resold on Amazon . I wo n't buy these again . Do n't buy them either unless you have half an hour to burn . Ironically , people who need project organizers like these do n't have 30 minutes to waste !
 Ordered two of these . Have used them before and love them . Both arrived with a Pendaflex label on the front cover . This label came off of the first one quite easily , leaving no residue . The second one has a label that will absolutely not come off - the outer layer is tearing but the glued white back layer looks like crap .
 I have a logitech VX Revolution , a Logitech Simple Laser Mouse , and the Apple Mighty Mouse - all 3 mice have issues tracking on this ` rug ' . The cursor skips around constantly - this is the worst junk I 've ever bought . Switching to another mouse pad and they all work fine .
 Folks , it 's a * mousepad , * not a real rug , no different from any other mousepad except for the cutesy pattern and the fringes . It works no better , and sometimes worse -- jerky , for instance -- than the Amazon mousepad for $ 4 or the same one mousepad at Staples for the same price . At a couple of dollars more , maybe ; but at a 400 % premium ?!? -- another $ 16 for something you 'll spill coffee on and have to replace ? Buy five $ 4 mousepads instead . You 'll have one that works fine , and have four as backups in case you spill food on it .
 I ordered this for my son who is in college -LRB- storage space is an issue -RRB- . It might be that he just did not take proper care of it , but it broke after a week . It may be fine for someone who is careful with their things but I would not buy it again .
 If I would have realized this product was not closed on the sides down to the bottom , I would not have purchased it . Small papers fall out from the side where it is not enclosed .
 I tried this mouse pad with 3 different mice ; 2 optical and one laser . Sticky , jumpy , non-responsive . It looks to me like this pad was designed to be used with an old fashioned mouse with a ball . If your mouse has a ball , it should work fine , if it 's optical , do n't buy it . I will say however , that I returned the pad to the manufacturer and received an immediate refund with no problems , so the customer service is very good .
 I bought this for my husband . His mouse did n't work at all on it , and mine works better but often times the cursor gets stuck and does n't move . We have high quality mouses so that should n't be the problem . Maybe if you have a rollerball mouse , you 'd like this pad .
 I first learned about this new product from a review in NY Times few weeks ago . The review indicates although it 's a flawed product , it worked pretty well for what it 's supposed to do . I took the plunge when Amazon had this on sale for a bit over $ 170 . My main usage for it is to learn Russian and would like to pick up some short phrases in French/Spainish as well for overseas traveling . I also speak Chinese so was curious as to the Asian language capabilities . Quite disappointed when I got it and after testing it for a week or so decided to return it to Amazon.Pros : - 12 languages and a decent amount of phrases . It 's a talking translator and although the sound is a bit muffled , it still helps . - Rechargeable battery and charges through mini-USB cables which I carry a couple for PDA/cell phones , so a huge plus - Battery life seems to be decent - Large screen , and with backlight on , quite readable . - Russian alphabet printed on the keyboard so very easy to input - Some other utilities like World clock , calculator , etc. . No use to me since every gadget has these but in a pinch , I guess you can use those.Cons : - Here 's a big one , limited vocabulary . The number might sound quite impressive , but when you actually use it , you realize how small the database is . When I type in some basic Russian words , I ca n't find the translation . Going from English to Russian yielded slightly better results but I had to settle for listening for a single word in a long sentence when the word is only available in a phrase . I still ca n't find about 20 % of the Russian words in the first few lessons and that 's quite frustrating ! Not useful if you are learning a language and want pronunciation of every word in the dictionary - At least for Chinese , no native input method , so you can only go by the sound , which is quite useless as there are many words with the same phonetic sound in Chinese . So Chinese-English is almost non-usable . I suspect it 's the same for Japanese and Korean but needs verification . - You ca n't type phrases , only single word , and then hope the word search can pull up phrases you are looking for . Limited success with it . - Sound is a bit muffled as mentioned above . - Screen is a bit dim without the backlight . This is not a biggie for me but might bother some people with poor eye-sight - Awkward design in language switching . I found it a common function to swap base/target languages . Say I 'm looking for the pronunciation of a Russian word . If I 'm in the Russian-English mode , I type the Russian word , realize it 's not available , so I want to switch to English-Russian mode and type the English word . Instead of having a quick `` Swap '' button , you will have to pull down a menu for the base language , switch , and then pull down another similar menu for the target language and switch . Also , since it 's not a touch screen or mouse-controled device , you have to literally pressing the up/down button 8-9 times before you can go from English to Russian and vice versa . -LRB- even further for any of the Asian languages -RRB- Definitely a usability flaw . - No case included , and thus no protection for the screen , as there 's no build-in cover for it . I had to use a non-fitting pouch to hold it and that 's just asking for trouble . So easy to crack the screen . - The slide-out keyboard is a good idea , but the actual construction is n't very solid . Sometimes when I slide it out , the two sides of the keyboard are not even and I suspect it could be a longer term headache when it refuse to close properly.Based on the above analysis , I can only give it a 1 or 2 star . The search continues ...
 I bought this device because I am starting to travel internationally . I received the product a few days ago . I am not 100 % happy with it . To start , the screen is very hard to read . The contrast setting really does not do anything to help read the screen . Have to strain my eyes and keep tilting the unit to avoid reflection to read . The backlight is useless too !! Very disappointing !!! There is no capability to enter more than one word at a time . It does have a selection of phrases based on category that can be selected.It does function fine as a translator , just not too easy to read , or move back and forth through options.I would give this a 2.5 out of 5.0 . I feel that Franklin could have done much better with this product . Why make a translator device that is very difficult to read?If I was able to return it , I would . Definitely not worth the retail price of $ 230 . Going to check out the Voyager III .
 The product did n't live up to what I expected from the marketing materials . It serves as a list of common phrases -LRB- difficult to navigate to -RRB- or a dictionary of single words . As a practical matter it does n't function as a `` translator '' at all ; you ca n't type in a phrase and get an equivalent phrase in the target language . If you need a common phrase for immediate use -- for example `` Take me to the Hotel Hilton '' for a cab driver , you would have to navigate to the most similar phrase in the `` travel '' list -LRB- there is n't a phrase for this sentence , actually -RRB- . What is needed is something like the Macintosh `` translate '' widget , that permits you to type short phrases or sentences and provides reasonably understandable equivalents in the target language . I returned the product .
 Perhaps I received a dud , but the backlight stopped working literally after about 8 uses , making the poorly contrasted screen nearly impossible to see unless you 're directly under a lamp or in a very brightly lit area.Also , while it works just fine as a `` word-to-word '' translator , it 's too hard and cumbersome to look up sentenses and phrases quickly , and you ca n't enter your own.The speaking voice is however , better than other translators that I 've seen , but they do tend to speak the phrases -LRB- when you find them -RRB- too quickly so they sound blended together . The purpose of one of these things is so we can LEARN a new language , so they should speak more slowly , not as quickly as a native speaker of that language can speak . duh . The Spanish voice and Chinese voices are the clearest . The Japanese and Russian voices sound muffled and are hard to make out.If this were under $ 100 I 'd say it 's fine for what it is . With an average retail price of $ 200 however , it 's got too many flaws to recommend it .
 All in all it 's good for beginners to get started.The TGA-490 is not programmed well . Quite a few of the phrases or words are out of order in most or all of the languages.The database is very limited ; there are not many words.The crystal , in front of the display , scratches too easily causing difficulties in low light problems -LRB- visual difficulties -RRB- .
 The translation and language portion of this product work fine . The problem is in the visibility of the screen . In the days when we can use a cell phone as a flashlight , this screen is very difficult to view even in good light . It 's like going back to the early days of portable devices.I have some problems with the user interface , things like a next and previous button to return to a search you want to modify . But overall , you can find what you 're looking for fairly easily .
 This thing is over price and for the average user , useless . It is VERY cheaply made , and feels like it 'll break at any moment.The buttons and functions arent intuitive and all the buttons are laid out in a confusing way . You cant input more then one word at a time . and many times it has no idea what you are looking for.The only really great thing about this translator is that it has many languages in it 's database . Not just asian languages . A big plus for european countries . But because of it 's lack of functionality . It 's pretty useless where ever you are on this planet.another cool thing is that it talks . But the speaker sounds like crap , so you 'll have to use earphones or put it up to your ear to hear it properly.save your money with this one and bring your laptop with you ... -LRB- yeah , that 's a dumb suggestion , but seriously , you 're better off doing that then buying this thing -RRB-
 VERY LIMITED vocabulary !!! I spent $ 200 on it , but could NOT find most of words ! I was very disappointedI would have returned it if I couldDO NOT let this happen to youGood Luck
 Quite a lengthy review by other customers . Mine is simply
 Ordered 10 pkgs from Amazon.com . Nice and thick page lifters , but beware , the title says `` 2 Lifters per Pack '' . You will only receive ONE , yes I did say ONE , lifter per pack . A total disappointment ! Hope Amazon.com will follow through and send the rest !!
 Nice color , has 20 file spaces , and the file part seems very sturdy , but the flap that closes over the top is inexplicably and ridiculously thin , about as thick as a manilla file folder . What makes this especially bad is that the velcro closure holds like iron , and you have to tug quite hard on the flimsy flap to yank it free . So , the very first time I opened it , the flap got all bent . I can not imagine the flap will last long , so I decided to toss this in the garbage -LRB- within 5 minutes of receiving it -RRB- . I got an old-fashioned brown one made by Smead -LRB- also purchased on Amazon -RRB- , that has the old-fashioned elastic cord closure and a much sturdier flap .
 My excitement quickly went south . Shipping was prompt . Packaging was great . I had a good feeling that I would be impressed . But ... I was surprised at the low quality of the product.The wood is barely above plywood grade . It has the consistency of the cheap wood frequently from Asia and has the softness of pine . The wood grain is not attractive - unlike the picture . The stain and finish are rough -- there are scratches from low grade sandpaper and flecks of dust in the finish.Assembly is poor . Some screw heads were stripped and not tightened . The screw holes look like they were made with a chisel rather than a drill - uneven , differing depths , ragged edges , non-round holes.If I return the product , I 'm out about $ 32 . Thus , I 'm stuck . You 'd be better off putting a board on a pillow . Expensive lesson !
 Description of the product says 12 sets of tabs . It turned out to be A set of 12 tabs . It is cleverly priced , so that 1/12 of the total price closely match other similar products -LRB- if it were a case of 12 sets indeed , per unit price will be around $ 4.49 , which is still in the range of similar products -RRB- . I might be mistaking something here , but it was very disappointing to see only a set of dividers after I paid this much of money . Thought Amazon had better control than ... Anyhow , if you are looking for a bunch of month dividers , stay away from this one.PS . If this product is indeed so special , it is worth more than 10x the price of other month tabs , please let me know . I sincerely do not get this .
 It is too expensive buy this one.I do n't like it.trust me this item is not good.I wait long time to get it.It is not good .
 I have already rated it . I was very disappointed as it said BLUE and the only reason to order was BLUE and they came and all white !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They are still in the box and have never used any of them . FALSE ADVERTISING as I stated several weeks ago !
 In the photo , it appears this record book has columns and it does not . It 's just like a regular notebook page . I was really disappointed . I found an old hardcover recordbook that my dad used to do bookkeeping in and I wanted to get one like it as a backup for business expenses and income and it 's just like a regular notebook . : /
 The advertisement for this product is for a case of tabs , including the original case price marked down . What I received was individual packages . Although the company did not charge me for the three I received , they have not changed their advertisement . This is misleading .
 If you order from this listing you will only get one set of 8 tabs - not the case of 12 sets like the listing indicates . Go order from a different listing .
 I have purchased other products from this manufacturer previously , but , was very disappointed with this purchase . The adjustible compartments would barely stand up on their own as the connecting part at the bottom did not work very well . With a steel product it seems crazy to call it flimsly , but , that is the way it seems . I can even use it and have given it away .
 I bought this as a gift for my neice . When she opened it -LRB- cellophane wrapper on -RRB- , there was nothing but markers inside ! I now have to find my invoice and try to send it back !! VERY DISSAPOINTED WITH THIS VENDOR !!!!!
 Was very disappointed after opening the box and seeing that you had to design each page and then send it out to be made for an Additional Cost !!!
 I do a lot of buisness through Amazon and this is the first time I 've ever been ripped off.This so called kit comes with 30 or so sheets of plain white paper and 8 markers , for $ 22 dollars with shipping.Next time I 'll read everything and not trust the pics.In this case , what you see is a far cry from what you get.Amazon really needs to pull this item or price it for what it 's worth .
 I removed it from it 's packaging , pushed the button , it turned on and works fine . BUT , IT WO N'T SHUT OFF . The only way to stop it is to take the batteries out . I tried contacting InnoDesk , but their website is gone and their telephone number is disconnected .
 The name `` Lanyard With Ring , 34 '' Long , 24/BX , Black -LRB- BAU69309 -RRB- Category
 We ordered the Rand McNally World Map in mid December , it said it had been shipped , and we still have not received it . We are planning on cancelling the order from our credit card .
 I sent several emails , and they never sent my purchase nor gave me a refund . They only responded with `` We 're sorry . We 'll track your package . '' However , nothing was ever done .
 I bought a similar Rand McNally `` classic edition '' map of the U.S. from a local office supply store . It looked really nice , so I ordered this map of the world . The one I received looks like an ink jet printout from an engineering roll printer on cheaper paper . It 's not horrible , but it 's not as attractive as the U.S. map I bought from a local office supply store .
 Great price for a truly beatiful map -- but buy it at a brick and morter store , especially if you want to mount it for display . Ordered my first one from Amazon and found a crushed triangular cardboard box on my doorstep . The rolled map sustaind heavy creases . Shame on UPS I figured . My bad luck . And I was n't interested in spending time and hassle to request a replacement and ship it back considering it is a ten dollar item.The map is packaged very poorly by the manufacturer in my opinion . A loose roll of this pretty but lightweight parchment-looking paper in a flimsy plastic container . Would protect fine hanging from a display peg in a shop . But , the real issue is the way Amazon packages it in a three-sided flimsy cardboard box . Any weight from other heavy packages during transit can and will wreck the map even if the crushed cardboard is n't torn.So several months go buy and I add another one to an order qualifying for free shipping . Only gambling 10 bucks -- surely lightening wo n't strike twice . Wrong ! I open my door in time to see the truck drive off and a torn , mangled box sits on my porch with another creased map inside.Obviously this long thin box has been `` folded '' in half somewhere along the line -- rendering a map too damaged to be mounted and displayed . Now I see that this has been an issue with Amazon for some time . Sigh .
 I bought this shredder last year and it has been a big dissapointment . The unit has a safety feature whereby it will only run if the top is pushed all the way down onto the basket and slips over a small metal piece . this metal piece is GLUED onto the interior side of the basket . it is very vulnerable to being knocked off because you ca n't see it when you push the top on -LRB- and they paid engineers to design this ? -RRB- . if that 2 cent piece falls off , the shredder is useless . the auto-on feature on my machine also did n't work , shredding continuously regardless of whether there was paper in the feed or not . and needless to say , it could not handle more than two or three sheets at a time , way below what is advertised .
 Believe the other review . The box advertises that this is a 7 sheet crosscut shredder . That is blatant false advertisement . This thing can barely handle ONE sheet . Perhaps they meant 7 sheets of toilet paper , I really do n't know . After I finally got the shredder to work on top of the trash can . I tested it out with one sheet . I put ONE sheet of paper in it and heard the weak motor struggle on one simple sheet of paper . I then tried to put an unopened business letter in the shredder and it jammed in less than 2 seconds.Perhaps Royal was actually selling the trash can and just made the shredder so you can test the trash can out by putting the shredder IN it ; because that is the only place this shredder belongs.This piece of JUNK is going back to the store tommorow . Do n't even think about wasting your money on this . You are better off ripping the paper yourself . You certainley can rip 4 sheets of paper with your barehands which is over 4 times better then what this shredder can do.It also says on the box that it can shred credit cards ... HAHAHAHA that is REAL funny . False advertisement at its finest .
 The safty on/off mechanism fell off a week after we got it . The `` Auto '' feature , always on and cuts when paper is inserted , stopped working a week after we got it . It chokes on anything more than three pieces of paper . It 's a piece of very poor quality engineering . I would stay away from all Royal shredder products after this experience !
 Bought this shredder in Nov 2005 and it completely broke about 5 months later . Sent it back to the manufacturer and its been 2 months and I still have not recieved a replacement .
 El envio fue excelente , lo unico malo fue la exageracion del empaque donde se envio el producto.El precio del producto incluyendo el envio es de 10.32 $ , pero en el empaque que me lo enviaron -LRB- DEMASIADO GRANDE -RRB- me cobraron por tama & ntilde ; o , no por peso y pague para recibirlo 62.79 $ . Solo informo que para proxima vez faciliten al cliente la facilidad de pagar menos en compras como estas y no hacer perder la reputacion a AMAZON.Gracias ...
 I have used Canon paper and got this for price . It is not bright white and therefore loses out on the best glossy picture.My estimate is that this is 88 whereas canon is 105 .
 I was sent a tube of 4 small papermate erasers that had a description of Tuff Stuff Erasers 5 ea , it did not even have 5 erasers in the tube . I had ordered the Jumbo Twist eraser refill which would have had 2 erasers even though the picture they posted shows a box of 12 . I do not recommend anyone order from TCP Global on Amazon but I will continue ordering directly from Amazon .
 I was going to order about $ 10.00 worth of refills and erasers , but the shipping charge was $ 36 ! Too much for an order that weighs less than a pound .
 This item is a single tube containing 2 eraser refills.A single tube . The price of this single tube is $ 1.09 at Office Depot . I know , right?The photo dazzled me , and the product shows a list price of $ 16.08 . $ 16.08 surely would be the price of a full box . I 've used these erasers in the past , so I did n't read the `` Product Features '' . My greedy self clicked the `` buy '' button without further question.At the time of my purchase , the price I paid was $ 4.00 .
 Deliberately misleading the customer with the wrong photo . I got only a tube with two eraser in it . This is a bait and switch deal.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007CVRBW/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i00
 The picture is of a box of 24 erasers , but they only send you 2 . Very disappointing and a huge rip off ! I can buy 2 erasers at office max for like $ 2 ...
 Really nice register . As with most , programming , though relatively easy , is time consuming . Now , however , the time has reset twice in 2 weeks . Customer support says to fix problem , unplug and remove batteries -- which means all memory will be lost . Like I have a couple of spare hours to re-program ... I regret this purchase . In shopping for this one , I saw a Sharp which you could program from your computer . Although it costs about $ 100 more , the time saved in re-programming would have probably been worth it.Great features -- just a pain in the butt too soon after purchase.Edit
 I 've been using X-acto blades for about two years now and I absolutely love them . Sharp , precise , strong - all the qualities I look for in my blades . I always bought the smaller packs from blicks and utrech -LRB- art supplies stores -RRB- in those little packs of 50 and I go through them quite fast from all the work I do , so when I saw this with it 's 100 bulk size I bought them right up . WHOOPS ! I do n't know what went wrong at the factory but something did , the knifes feel &#34; used &#34; and slightly dull . They rip my paper , I get messy feathered edges , they just do n't work.I 'll probably continue buying X-Acto , but never again buying these from amazon and not in the 100 pack . Now , if I find that this issue with the 100 bulk pack has spread to other X-acto blades , then I am switching brand , but let 's hope that 's not the case .
 Blades were not sharp enough for my needs . Had a hard time cutting foamcore with them . Basically , the package I have is worthless to me .
 Blades were dull . This has been happening lately since exacto blades are now produced in china . Will have to switch to excel or olfa blades .
 Do not buy this product . quality of this product is not good it is better to spend more for quality product .
 I 'm a graphic designer and have been using X-Acto # 11 blades for over 24 years and never in those years have I been disappointed in their product . I LOVE X-Acto blades and actually get very excited when the new pack of # 11 blades gets opened . The little box , lifting the lid , then folding back the brown waxy paper to see in all their glory , all perfectly lined up ... the entire group of new , razor sharp blades . Then you carefully remove a blade from the pack ... sometimes the oil that they put on the blades gets on your finger tips . And finally , the new blade cuts a piece of paper ... the smooth , effortless glide ... it 's the best . Kind of nuts I know , but you do n't get that experience every day.This is NOT the experience I had with these blades . The first one I used cut and felt as if it were already dull . So I thought , hmmm , perhaps a fluke , let me try another one from the pack . I did , same experience . These blades actually would rip the paper as I was cutting . I asked an office mate to try because I thought that I 'd lost my touch . Same experience . These particular blades are horrible.I must mention that I also use a self-healing cutting matt , so it was not due to the surface I was cutting on ... that has not changed in 24 years either.So in summery , DO NOT BUY THESE BLADES . Not this particular bulk pack . Save your money and buy the smaller pack because you will end up throwing these away as I did . What is the use in a knife that does n't cut !
 The supposedly superior `` blue blades '' are beyond bad . The tips break easily , and if you are doing fine detail cutting , that is unacceptable . I use a self-healing mat , like a previous reviewer , and am also a 25-year design veteran who has used # 11 X-Acto blades since I was a kid . I know exactly how long they should last and exactly how they should perform . If you look at FRESH blades out of the package under a magnifying lupe , you can see that many of the `` new '' blades have rounded , dull tips , some are broken and some are even bent ! At least 50 % of my 100-pack was pre-dull -- and by that , I mean the tips were worn rounded , almost as if they were sharpened that way or even recycled . Completely unacceptable.If you want the original , high quality # 11 blade from X-Acto -LRB- 100-count -RRB- , you have to be sure to order X811 and neither X511 or X611 . The originals are FAR better to work with , and you can at least count on the fact that they will be sharp right out of the box .
 Bought these blades recently and noticed they were pretty different . The tips are not sharp . I took a picture to help compare the old ones to the new ones . These blades keep ripping my paper . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I hate these blades . I ordered them and I was very happy when I got them quickly . I was soon very disappointed when I opened the package and EVERY SINGLE BLADE WAS DULL . These suck . Not only did I really need them for a project but they just are n't worth the money !!! I am never buying x-acto blades ever again . Do n't waste your time with these .
 The reason I bought these blades is the super fine pointed tip in quality blades make them perfect for splinter removal and other delicate tasks.These blades have a poorly made blade-tip that has no actual point . I took several out at different places in the pack and they were all similarly rounded . Yes the blade is sharp ... but without a useable tip they are just expensive garbage in terms of my needs . Very very disappointing - I would not recommend these to anybody .
 I was disappointed that the blades were blue . I wanted the silver ones . They are much sharper and work better .
 In the product description it states `` Product Description60 Count , 5 '' x 3 '' , Open Side Memo Book . -LRB- Sold in 12-Pk . Only -RRB- '' This lead me to believe this was a 12 pack . Surprise , it arrived in the mail today . I paid $ 8 for 1 little memo pad . I got ripped off .
 this is a one pack . I know you searched high and low for this . I know I did . I think that they are expending the old stock . The top wire version uses less wire , index cards use no wire , the cloth bound acid free retros have more margin ... The notebook itself will also arrive separately from the rest of your order . Although maybe if you order stationary ... This will cause you some consternation if you ordered something expensive and got the box with a tear in it that ca n't be used to ship anything else . That was my experience . The notebooks are in new condition though . I suppose two and a half stars would be average.my advice is to wait a while and get the 12 pack , if they still have them . Should I find a way to affix a pocket-size notebook to a pocket size ballpoint while keeping everything pocket sized , i.e. , pocket clip through side-wire , then I will review it . i wondered why people had started writing on cards and others were springing for leather quivers for moliskines etc. .
 This is nothing more than a glorified business card holder and you can buy from the company for nearly half . Amazon-you should be ashamed !
 A completed Smead Viewables filing system IS fantastically efficient . My gripe is with Smead 's present prices for obsolete software products . Buyers beware
 On the cover it said with 4.0 software for Windows . I bought it not looking at the back where it says Windows 2000/XP . Waste of my money since I have not had a XP system around almost a year . Please Folks upgrade this . Seems like a fantastic product , but as it is , it is just some fancy blank labels , with worthless software .
 My company has used Smead Viewables for years , and it is a wonderful product . After switching 100 + users to Macintosh , we find that Smead does not support the Mac platform.Does anyone know of a more enlightened company with a similar product ?
 I bought this software a year ago when we had a Dell . With Dell having all its problems we switched to Macintosh . I wanted to add a few labels to my files - it would not run on our iMac . Smeade support says they do n't support Mac . Back to the drawing board ...
 I carefully read all the web descriptions and bought what I thought I needed to get started with the Smead Hanging Folder Tab/Label System.I bought a refill kit because I wanted a larger supply than seemed to be available otherwise . In other words , I skipped the `` starter kit . `` I did not see , anywhere , that the software needed to allow this system to work WAS NOT INCLUDED IN THE REFILL KIT.When my refill kit arrived , I set it asside until the day I had planned to spend some hours using it.Angry!The package plainly says
 I ordered 3 of these Sharp EL-462S dual function timers from Ritz Camera through Amazon . All 3 arrived unusable because of defective displays . I looked for them on the Sharp website , but Sharp does not admit to them . I got no response from Sharp to my e-mail inquiry.Ritz Camera did refund the price of ONE of the units after I contacted them through Amazon . I am still in discussion with Ritz Camera regarding the other 2 . I do like the design of the unit , one side is a calculator -LRB- but no memory function -RRB- , the flip side is a timer . They come with a magnetic holder to stick to the refrigerator . If only the displays would work , this would be a good price.James Kruger
 I bought this calculator for my teenager daughter . She used it once and it stopped working . I will never buy a used calculator agian !
 The seller stated that the calculator was `` likr new '' and when it arrived , we did not know how to use it until my son began learning to in school . Until then , it sat on a desk for a month untouched . As soon as my son began to use the calculator , he noticed that the bottom of the screen was faded away so that you could not see the entire graph or calculation . Now the seller refuses to return & refund !
 If you think getting a TI calculator -LRB- or any graphing calc . -RRB- will help you get higher grades you are absolutely wrong . Having graduated high school , never once using a graphing calculator , I got all A 's in math . It 's not the calculator that does the work its you . A scientific is a -RRB- easier to use and b -RRB- all you need.If youre a college student , still it 's work ethic , not the calculator that determines your success . But I can understand you now need a graphing calculator , so let me suggest to you the Casio . The Casio calculators are underrated -LRB- TIs are overrated x a million -RRB- and cheaper and user friendly and equivalent if not better than a TI 83 . Do n't just get a TI cause everybody else does .
 I AM STILL WAITING FOR MY CALCULATOR AND I AM VERY UPSET THAT I HAVE BEEN TREATED LIKE THIS . IT WAS SUPPOSE TO BE SENT OCT 19 I DO N'T BELIEVE THAT THEY EVEN SENT IT . HOW DOES PEOPLE STAY IN BUSINESS THAT DOES THIS .
 I am an engineer , working on various algebraic and arithmetic problems frequently during each day . Like most engineers , I have a computer at my desk for doing the tricky stuff -LRB- ideally with tools like Mathcad or Mathematica -RRB- . I thought I would get this calculator for the routine numerical insight stuff . It also remembers to stay in radians when you turn the power off -LRB- which many other `` lesser '' calculators do n't -RRB- . What a mistake ! Lets say I have just calculated a result . Now I want to find the square root of it . On my trusty old HP-32S at home , I press the `` sqrt '' key . On this calculator I press `` sqrt '' `` 2nd '' `` ANS '' '' -RRB- '' `` ENTER '' -LRB- 5 keys -RRB- . Basically the EOS system -LRB- which this uses -RRB- does not allow you to see intermediate results other than by going through the above rite . I think TI is hoping this calculator will replace my computer - no chance ! I 'm taking it back .
 This calculator is not worth the money it costs to buy , its like your grandfathers calculator . TI has failed to improve on even basics like screen resolution . Why ? because TI has a monopoly on the market , most math text books today only show how to use TI and most teachers learned on the same them selves and are unfamiliar with other brands . TI can sit comforatbly where it stands , selling mediocre calculators for exorbant prices , reguardless of advances in technology , because thay know you will struggle in any math class without it . Come on TI where is the improvement ?
 I 've had my TI-83 since August 2003 . Thirteen months later , September 2004 , it refuses to turn on . I 've done everything Texas Instruments has told me to do -LRB- which takes forever just to reach a real person -RRB- . I was n't going to pay for service when it was only one month past the warranty . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I purchased last year for my son . He used a handful of times and then it simply quit . It contains a watch battery and 4 AAA batteries , After replacing all the batteries , It remains DEAD . I would not recommend this product . BUYER BEWARE !
 The quality of the used item I received is terrible ! Not at all the equality I was expecting for the price . The used TI-83 graphing calculator is missing the battery cover , has no instruction pamphlet , and is filthy dirty . All of the keys stick and I do n't even want to touch it . The seller should be ashamed of themself . This is not the quality I would expect from Amazon.com .
 I got this calculator last year it wont turn on I do not reccomend .
 Do n't buy it if you want it for the University
 This calculator arrived without the instruction manual or cable as was advertised . Additionally there was no packaging therefore , this could easily have been a used calculator . Syarcusecalculus replied that because it was part of a teacher kit there was no packaging and that it was not supposed to come with a cable -LRB- the ones in the store do -RRB- but did apologize for the missing manual . Then , after I returned the item I did not receive my refund til 6 weeks later , & only after I contacted them again . Finally after I gave them a poor rating they offered me $ 20 to change my rating to 5 star . Instead I changed it to 2 stars and added these last two sentences .
 This product was not worth the cheap price I paid for it . The buttons stick and the axis do n't show up . so as a graphing calculator its pretty much useless . I should have paid a little more to get a better product .
 The calculator was out of order after i got it for three days the product looks fine but doesnt work . it shows only black screen i am thinking about return it . is that too late for now ?
 I was very unhappy with my purchase . The item was a lot older then what was originally said to be . the back was missing the battery compartment was damaged the screen barely shows the numbers and this item was not very good and not worth the money I spent on it . making me not want to buy from amazon anymore .
 When I received the product I realized that it would n't turn on even with new batteries . It seemed to have some battery corrosion from the previous owner . However , when my mom tried it worked . So I decided to get it . Then about 2 weeks later , when I was taking a math test , 3 of the number buttons were n't working . I was so frustrated ! At least it was easy to return and I was refunded -LRB- not including shipping it back -RRB- . I really wish I would have just went to Walmart to begin with . I could have saved a lot of time and hassle .
 The graphic calculator i ordered came with a case and a graphic cord . The one i receoved is totally different.I ca n't find a customer service number to talk to anyone.Very disappointed .
 I bought it in spember 2011 . It does not works very well . I shipped it back but the seller did not give me full refund . I lose twenty dollars for this product . So do not buy it , especially the refurbish !
 This item Did n't come with any batteries or even a case , it just came wrapped in bubble wrap . Wish I could return , could 've purchased for the same price with all of these included !
 I just received my calculator , and I am disappointed in the condition that I have received it in.The description says that it includes the calculator itself , the case , four double A batteries , and the guidebook . All I received was the calculator . There were no batteries inside , there was no case on it , and there was no guidebook included in the package .
 The stupid calculater broke a week after I bought the thing . It wo n't turn on anymore even with new batteries . I expected better out of Amazon and will buy elsewhere next time .
 I was happy with how fast I received the item , but the keys on it are very sticky like something had been spilled on it and you really have to push hard on some of them to make them work . Not happy with that . I did not receive the USB cable with it either .
 Parents
 Received TI-83 Graphing Calculator `` used - like new '' . product was approx $ 70 - STOPPED working by the fourth time it was being used . Seller would NOT do an exchange/refund -LRB- even though it was within 30 days of original purchase -RRB- . Look elsewhere .
 I bought this calculator for $ 120 , and although I had some gripes with the convoluted combination of buttons I had to press in order to get certain results , it worked well and seemed fairly versatile . But one day , five months after I bought it , the display went completely wonky . I performed a master reset , which worked for three days , and then the display screwed up again . Shortly thereafter , the calculator stopped working altogether . I called customer service , and they advised me to try all the things I had already tried . They did n't seem to understand that it was n't simply out of batteries , but dead . And now I ca n't return it , having lost the receipt when I moved shortly after buying the calculator -LRB- mea culpa , I admit -RRB- , but for God 's sake , I still have the packaging , which has a little box with a serial number and says `` Proof of Purchase , '' but according to TI , does not Prove that it was Purchased . They gave me the options of 1 . -RRB- Drop $ 120 on a new calculator , 2 . -RRB- Drop $ 170 on our TI 84 Plus , now with extra unnecessary features , or 3 . -RRB- Have a nice day , sir .
 For over than 2 weeks i did not get the calculator but I get my money back . But I lost 2 weeks without studying to my daughter .
 the calculator was scratched and it didnt come with a cover , nor a usb cable . The picture displayed the cover and the usb cable
 Once the batteries died - replacements batteries done work . Waste of money . It was great while it worked for the 1st month . Then no good !
 I 've had this calculator for about a month and I hardly use it , just for chemistry once a week , and it 's already broken . I would n't have paid 60 bucks for a calculator that lasted maybe a month . I 'm definitely upset with the product .
 really upset i got a semi working calculator . the 0 and negative sign does not work . :-LRB- and I still paid a lot for it be careful
 This calculator do not include batteries in the package . Although I know it 's used but this calculator did n't work properly at all
 I am not sure if it was the unit sent to me , but the screen was n't very visible . It was a bit complicated to learn and a bit pricey . : -LRB-
 I received a TI-83 calculator in the mail -LRB- a few WEEKS late -RRB- . From the very start it was defective . It had a lot of trouble turning on and it was a 10-15 minute process getting it to do so . After a month , the thing stopped turning on all together . The seller will do anything to avoid refunding people as well . DO N'T EVER BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER ! IT WILL BE A TERRIBLE DECISION ! BUY FROM SOMEONE ELSE WHO MIGHT ACTUALLY GIVE YOU A REFUND FOR A BROKEN PRODUCT .
 well after a few weeks the calculator started actin weid screnn started changin colors and not working properly i didnt like it .
 Was working good for a few days but after it just started to blurr and the number and anything else is no longer visible
 These calculators -LRB- including the TI-89 -RRB- are not worth the price . They just do n't have any important features , unless you are doing statistics . And ALL of the features are better implemented in any of dozens of calculator apps for smartphones . That being said , these are durable and do what they are designed for , albeit for an outrageous price tag.More importantly though , why does TI think that this is a reasonable price for the same product that has been out for 15 years ? It was great when it came out , but for almost $ 100 TI really needs to improve their product .
 I only purchased this item because I had to have it for a class in collage . But what I recieved was a dinged up hunk of junk with a screen that has a line threw it that makes it very hard to read the anwsers to the calculation you put into it . No good , just junk . I could have got a nock off brand from Wallgreens for $ 14 and it would have dune the job . So to sum up how I feel about this Is I paided to much for a abused and broken calculator .
 I received the above item with a battery that was corroded . I installed a new , uncorroded battery into the graphing calculator but the calculator did not work . I contacted the company and they reported that in 2 years they have never had a complaint . They did instruct me to mail it back with a copy of the e-mail regarding the problem with the calculator . We shall see how the replacement works .
 I want what I ordered.You did not send me what I ordered . Graphing Calculator with Memory , Equation Solver , Statistics , Black TEXTI83PLUS ; Thats what I ordered and thats what I want . Do n't try tobait and switch me.Not cool amazon ... not cool at all !
 Ordered this item and everything went fine . However , my order status now says I purchased the only the CD , but the link still takes me to this item and has the same ASIN . Order confirmation email confirms it was not the CD at the time of purchase.Not a bait-and-switch , but fraud to change the item after purchase .
 I am a engineer . My husband is an engineer . Our children will most likely be engineers , too . Yet , it does n't take an engineer to see that this sub-type graphing calculator boasts a price only $ ... less than the TI-89 , with the capabilities of a well...suped-up TI-83 . It is supposed to be the second to lowest graphing calculator , yet TI markets these as the equivalent of the sports car version of a calculator -LRB- TI-89 -RRB- , and why ? Gimmicks ! Do n't fall for the pretty silver . A real mathematician/scientist/engineer does n't care about color when it comes down to crunch time , and if your kids are serious about school , they 'll be more impressed with a TI-86 which is $ ... cheaper than `` my parents know nothing about calculators so they bought me the prettiest one '' than getting that overpriced swatch-watch looking calculator . Do the math , before you buy this calculator to do it for you .
 I ORDERED THIS AFTER READING THE MODEL AND THE TEXAS INSTRUMENT WEB SITE.WHEN I ORDERED IT THE PICTURE SHOWED THE CORRECT PICTURE OF THE TI-83 PLUS GRAPHING CACLULATOR . AFTER 2 DAYS I CLICKED THE LINK AND NOW IT SHOWS ME A NEW CALCULATOR AND STILL HAS THE TI-83 DETAILS.BUT NOW IT IS A CHEAP CALCULATOR THAT HAS NO GRAPHING BUT STILL LISTS IT AS THE TI-83 PLUSI HAVE NOT RECIEVED IT AS OF YET BUT I SMELL A BAIT AND SWITCHIN MY EYESTexas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing CalculatorIF THIS DOES HAPPEN I WILL FILE A COMPLAINT WITH THE BBB AGAINST AMAZON AS WELL AS SELLERI GUESS AMAZON IS NOT THE PLACE TO SHOP ANY MORE USED TO BE A GOOD PLACE BUT SEEMS LIKE THE BAIT N SWITCH HAS BEEN MORE FREQUENT TO THIS SITE THESE DAYS.WHO NEEDS THE HASSELhere is the detailsGraphing Calculator with Memory , Equation Solver , Statistics , Black TEXTI83PLUSbut not what is thereBEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My company purchased an HP 32E for my use in 1981 . When my own calculator failed -LRB- after a very short life -RRB- , I bought an HP 34C . Now that I am familiar with the Reverse Polish Notation , I will never willingly go back . I now teach college chemistry , and every semester students come to me to find out how to use their -LRB- predominantly TI -RRB- calculators . The current crop of TIs is -LRB- IMO -RRB- counterintuitive .
 After reading the reviews , I really believed that I had purchased a wonderful product . It was wonderful until it died during a calculus test ! My calculator is two months old . Buyer beware on this one !
 The Ti-83 is a technological marvel , it is the only electronic device that stays in its original price range no matter how old it gets . These specs are n't just out of date , they 're so old that you would expect them to be preceded by the phrase `` remember when ... `` The Ti-83 Plus came out in 1999 . Aside from an extremely small amount of extra flash memory , it 's the same as the Ti-83 released in 1996 . And the Ti-83 itself is really not much different than the Ti-82 which came out in 1993 . But somehow after all this time the price has n't moved . Seriously , look at the listed specs
 Negative 5 stars . Lets be real people , the mere existence of this device is perturbing . It is the one electronic that has evolved absolutely none in 15 years and gone UP in price !! My friend bought one recently in a pinch , he thought it might help him with calculus . I figured it 'd have some new chip technology and would graph at a reasonable rate . Both no . So then I downloaded a FREE graphing calculator app on my outdated Android phone . And it 's friggin marvelous
 Ordered product on 8/30/11 - estimated delivery by 9/12/11 which is today . . This item has not even been shipped yet . . No notificaton on why shipment is delayed
 Terrible , I was sent one calculator that did not work . Then I returned that one and was sent another calculator that did not work , it had lines all over the screen it was something that could not be fixed . I have been out of a calculator for about a month now because of this .
 The T83 graphing calculator was in pretty good condition but when I use the calculator after a couple of problems the screen blurrs and I have to turn it off . I was told it was in really good condition and worked great . . It did not
 The calculator came in on time which was nice , and the screen did n't look like it was cracked ... but when I turns it on for class I ca n't see the two bottom lines , which on a graphing calculator is pretty difficult to work around
 This is just awful . The TI-83 is one of the worst devices I have ever used . It is completely useless . First of all , it 's the 21st Century , okay ? It still does not have a color screen -LRB- at least 256-bit LCD -RRB- ; it lacks wireless functionality , forcing you to use the exasperating , cheap , and short cables ; it 's WAY too bulky and long . Seriously , this thing looks hideous , it could 've been much more compact but this is just gigantic and heavy . The screen lacks a backlight . Come on , Game Gears even had backlights . This is just so sad . Another big problem is that it has over a thousand buttons ! There are just WAY too many buttons . It also lacks a nice hard drive to store more data . The power button is just a regular button on the front , causing you to accidentally turn on/off -LRB- they should have made the power button a switch on the side -RRB- . The batteries are another issue ; they last about 2 hours . Let 's be serious here , how long have lithium-ion batteries been around ? 7-10 years ? It should have included a lithium-ion battery instead . The menus are just horrid ; they 're just unnecessarily long lists of random functions that are useless . They could have categorized the menus in a more efficient manner , and made them into scrollable icons or lists . No sound or speaker ? You 've got to be kidding me . They could have at least had a headphone jack on this thing . And with all of these flaws , the darn thing is overpriced like crazy ! This is a DEFINITE MUST NOT BUY ! Do n't waste your time or your money on this ugly thing . My advice to you , go buy a Pocket PC instead -LRB- or even a PSP , DS , or a new cell phone for that matter ; you get the same features but much nicer , cheaper , and efficient -RRB- . In simple words , STAY AWAY FROM THE TI-83 GRAPHICS CALCULATORS !
 I did n't get no TI 83 . The advert says TI 83 , but the item is actually TI 85 !??! What-a-guan ???
 The company that sold the use device showed it with the computer connector cable and the carrying case at list price . You can get it cheaper at radio shack .
 All I have to say is that the item came very dirty and I had to clean it up . Then the enter button stopped working after a couple of days . I would 've returned it but my mom threw away the package it came in . I ended up getting a gift card from Target and used that to buy a new one . That 's the disavantage of buying used .
 I really needed this calculator for school so instead of buying a new one I bought a use one here , It Does not work so now I have to buy a brand new one . I should of done that in the first place , If I had the owners email I would demand a refund of my money
 This was the item I ordered , but was not the item I received from the seller . I went out a bought a new one while waiting on this seller to get in touch with me regarding a refund , which he never did . Amazon.com finally refunded my money themselves . This item , once I purchased it new , was very useful .
 I bought a graphic calculator from this seller and the description said it would come with the manual , instead I received what looks like a homemade CD but NO INSTRUCTION MANUAL CAME WITH THE GRAPHIC CALCULATOR AS PROMISED . I would not buy this unless you can get your instruction manual for this graphic calculator . I DID NOT GET WHAT I PAID FOR ! This was a bad sell . Still waiting for Amazon to do something about this.Im not happy with Amazon at this point or the sellers .
 I received the calculator but it does not work anymore and i have only used it for a little while and i have changed the batteries but nothing works . I am upset with my purchase since i didnt pay for whay i got . I paid for a god calculator and i didnt get that .
 Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math / scientific calculator . Apparently , TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.I will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at TI 's Website . However , the calculator is complicated to use , and you almost need a course to learn how to use it . Furthermore , the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you.At the high price for these TI calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out . But let me assure you they are definitely there , and you would be better served to get a Casio or HP graphing calculator instead .
 This product was purchased for my high school daughter to use in advance math class . It worked fine for the first two weeks , but now only works intermittently . When it 's not working , the display blinks and displays bogus characters . We replaced the batteries , but still have the same problems . So much for buying used electronices ... I guess I learned my lesson !
 Make sure to get a new one . The used ones that say they are like new are not true . The used one I received was way below what I expected .
 I bought this through Amazon looking to replace a calculator quickly after losing mine before the end of the semester and thought it would be cool to get a green one . Instead I received a black one ... but now I 'm stuck with it because finals have begun T_T ;
 I purchased a graphing calculator that does n't graph ! All of the other functions work , except for the graphing . I bought a very expensive scientific calculator . Very dissapointed with this seller !
 The used item did n't work but they handled it very well . I returned it , got a refund , etc. and they were very polite .
 Texas instruments has not significantly changed either the price or the calculator in the decade since I purchased mine . I have to imagine that their prices have not changed because they are the only company on the planet still purchasing 24kb ram chips and low resolution screens . This calculator probably costs them 2 dollars to make and they continue to overcharge because they have a completely captive market in schools . I imagine if you are purchasing this , you do n't have a choice , but if you do , this antiquated piece of junk should be avoided at all costs .
 The TI calculator company has a monopoly on the calculator business because it is the official calculator of all of the major college entrance exams & others . It 's 2012 , our cell phones have color , our portable video games are in 3D , but the TI series still has a cabbage green screen and the computing power of the original game boy , all the while costing as much as any new electronic device while being made with 15 year-old technology . It 's atrocious .
 I purchased a calculator from this service . I was extremely dissapointed with what I received . Although I only used the calculator a few months after I received it -LRB- but left it in the box untouched -RRB- , when it came time for my Chemistry class in College , I was presented with a calculator that did not even turn on . I know a bit about computers so I did troubleshoot to no avail . Not only that , the seller refused to send me a refund or a replacement at all , which is terrible because I have a quiz tomorrow expecting me to have a calculator , and now I need to go run to a store and shell out over a hundred dollars for a new one . **** The thing that bothers me the most is that it is clearly in terrible condition an not able to function . The reset button has received a SERIOUS beating and is actually smashed into the calculator , and as I said before , it also does not even turn on . Does this seller even test its products before sending them out.With my order , this seller was totally neglegent and did not help me in the slightest when I received this obviously faulty product.Even though they got some good reveiws -LRB- which is why I purchased from them -RRB- you dont want to be `` small statistic '' which gets faulty hardware when you really need it and then has your money more or less stolen from you.STAY AWAY !
 This is the same thing they were selling when I was in high school . Just get a smart phone app kids .
 The package was not opened after I received it . The item was sent immediately back , because I found the object was no longer needed . And for three months I was continuously told the item was not received and was not told whether or not I would get my money back .
 If you 're under 30 you 've probably used one of these before , and it works just as you 'd expect . The question is , why are we still paying 100 dollars for technology from the stone age ? Probably the same reason I spent 300 dollars for a single book . They were first introduced as the TI83 in 94 , and Texas Instruments just keeps on rolling in the dough . Unless you 've got a college professor that 's requiring you to buy this calculator ... DO N'T ! Do NOT ! buy it.Do yourself a favor and download Wabbitemu , then download the ROM from TI 's own website for free and run an emulation of the calculator on your PC . Or find and run an emulator on your smart phone . . When you can purchase a laptop for sub 300 dollars , why would anyone want to purchase a 100 dollar brick of technology ? Not to get all conspiracy theory ... but this whole education system is starting to feel a lot like a ponzi scheme .
 Broken calculator , returned and no money back ! They 're excuse , its more than 90 days , which was yesterday . The claim and return happened a month ago !
 I do not recommend purchasing products from this seller . My son owned this calculator for just under a month and it stopped working !! He took very good care of it and stored it in a safe place when not in use too .
 The calculator stopped working after 3 months of use . I am very disappointed in the product and now had to spend more money to replace it with a new one .
 ... but 0 stars for reliability . After 2 years of use , my son 's TI-83 Plus is kaput . He can not see the print on the screen -LRB- and , yes , we tried all the `` 2nd/up '' contrast settings , removing the batteries and resetting steps , etc. . Even called customer service -RRB- . They say his silver screen is shot . Only $ 58.00 to replace with a reconditioned calculator !! I am inclined to say it 's quite a scam that every student in his school is required to buy a TI-83 or 84 , because I would love to try a HP to see if the quality is any better .
 Third time it was used it quite working . New tried new batteries but still did n't work . I then returned it .
 It does not work at all . I hate it so much . THe buttons donot even move I dont know who would sell such property to people
 it 's a TI-83 . Not much to be said there . It worked for about a week before I started getting display issues on my screen . Changed batteries , rested , etc etc. . No help .
 I bought this calculator from amazon.com in June , 2012 based on the reviews by other users . The product was working fine for 6 months and suddenly stopped working . On switching on the calculator you see just cursor . You cann ' t type in anything . I worked with customer support and created RMA -LRB- after some troubleshooting -RRB- . The company replaced the calculator by reconditioned calculator . Not sure if this was a specific issue with my calculator . The usage of calculator was minimal in home environment .
 I order this product for my statistics class I 'm taking next term . When I got the calculator is was already used -LRB- Which I was not told -RRB- ! The package was poorly taped shut ! And the calculator is out dated , it says on the back that is was made in 1999 , It 's over ten years old!I thought I was getting a great deal , but in the end it was a waste . I 'm going to spend the hundred on a brand new calculator.So be wise and spend the extra money on a new calculator and not on this crap .
 We ordered a box of 6 Nu-kote Model PM267 Purple Cash Register Ribbons . We received a beat up box of 6 Kores ribbons from a company called Streamlite . Greatly disappointed in the fact that we did not receive exactly what we ordered . We have not had to use these yet so I ca n't not address whether they will even work with our machine .
 We had a really old typewriter that we were trying to find ribbons for but unfortunately I think the ones we bought here had been sitting on a shelf for too long . We bought two and one of them had the ribbon reeled on backwards . The other one was dry . Ca n't blame them for trying to sell them . We ended up buying a new typewriter .
 I am very technology literate so when i cant figure something out quickly like a simple phone I am a bit disappointed ! i like the way the phone looks in the picture but when i opened the box my first impression was it is small and looks cheap . the buttons are all the same size and it is not as easy as it should be to find the talk button . Simple redialing is something i still do not understand and entering numbers in the phone is a pain compared with any other cordless or cell phone i have owned . Why cant everyone be as savvy as apple when it comes to design ! If you are looking for a stylish well designed phone keep looking !
 This worked just fine until the weather gets below freezing -LRB- perhaps the worst time to get locked out -RRB- . The mechanism freezes up and it no longer works , leaving you outside looking in .
 I work for a University and we have these installed on all of our lab cabinets where we store important materials . Two of these have now failed on the same cabinet , the second fail we almost were not able to get off the base because one of the buttons would n't depress . I basically destroyed the button in order to get it off . The same thing happened with the first key safe too.I also have one installed on my house so my kids can get easy access . I 'm re-thinking this now .
 This product was tried and returned because , after setting the unlocking code , the box would only function correctly about fifty percent of the time . In an emergency , there is a good chance one may not be able to access the needed keys .
 this is n't a very secure product . there are only 210 possible combinations , which take about 45 minutes to run through . you 'll often find the combination in about 25 minutes . 5040 possible codes , of which 24 are the same -LRB- 4567 is the same as 7654 , 7546 , 4675 , etc. -RRB- = 5040/24 = 210 . a simple VB program can list all the combos.keep this lockbox out of sight .
 I had high hopes for this key safe when it arrived . Fortunately I did not install it before trying it out . After attempting to set a new combination the safe would not open . I tried repeatedly , carefully following the directions ... but no luck . Back it went . My new Master safe lock is great ! And Mater 's rotating combination mechanism works a lot better than the GE 's push buttons .
 I had one of these outside the house for a year for guests to use . The box is very durable and mounted securely , but the external moving parts to reset the push buttons and open the box are plastic . One day a guest tried to open the box and the little plastic piece snapped off rendering it useless . Two months later I was able to use a pen to reset the buttons , but the box is useless and has to be replaced.Now I 'm looking for something that has controls as tough as the box .
 I just bought this . I put in my five numbers , but it did not open . I repeated that several times.Still did not open . I called the 800 number for customer service -LRB- written on the package -RRB- . I did what the person told me and we tried two things . Neither worked . The unit still would not open . So I am returning this item to Lowe 's . I will buy another brand , probably the Master Lock key safe .
 It 's hard to figure out how to set a code . I gave up . And you have to have five numbers in the passcode and ca n't repeat any of them , so we ca n't use any of the codes we use in my family and would need to invent a new one that we will all have to write down somewhere . Only a giant bureaucracy like GE could produce something this user-hostile . Why ca n't I use the code I want ? Why is it so hard to set ? Only the GE committee of 17 engineers that designed this clunker know the answer , I guess .
 Great boxes . Use them in our resorts for late nite guests . Much easier to use then the old dial combo ones . Better price fron Amazon and very fast delivery .
 If you dont mind having your key attached to a weighty piece of concrete -LRB- feels like -RRB- , and you dont mind struggling to hold a button down while taking several tries to put the key back in place , and if you dont mind that the &#34; combination &#34; can actually be done in any combination of thr actual one you set , well then this lock box is for you . As for me and my household its a piece of worthless junk !
 I ordered this cable based off the previous review . I was also looking for a shorter power cable for my plasma . Got the item through PCUniverse and there 's no way it will work . The IEC end is male and the NEMA end is female . Thus there is no possible way to plug it into the wall and there is no way to plug it into the TV . What you need is a female IEC end to plug into the TV and a male NEMA end to plug into the wall.Very disappointing , the cost of shipping on this was twice what I paid for the item itself , so it 's a waste of time to return as shipping is not refundable
 I never received this product ! When I ordered it said it was in stock to overnight . It took about more than a week before any correspondence saying the no longer had the product I ordered . Now I just keep getting emails wanting me to rate a product a never received . Go figure !!!
 I ordered what I thought was carbonless receipts . They came with carbon paper , but I thought not a big deal . Except that the yellow copy sheet wo n't accept the carbon . By the time I got tired of fighting the carbons and decided to return it , the return time had expired . They are now going into the recycling bin .
 The receipts are indeed 2-part but they do require a piece of carbon paper between sheets . They are NOT carbon-less as advertised in Amazon . The manufacturer does indicate on the book cover they DO require carbon paper . I am almost certain this is a labeling mistake by the re-packager -LRB- they come in bundles of 5 books ea . -RRB- I Love Adams ' receipts but these are mislabeled.Amazon 's response has been excellent . Credit for my returned items was promptly given and they paid for return freight.They should change item description on their website , though .
 These receipts are a nice size and have a nice format , but the ink wo n't transfer at all onto the carbon . This flaw essentially renders them useless since the whole point is to provide a receipt to your customers .
 I ordered four boxes . One corner of the first box was slightly damaged , but I used them anyway . A month later when I opened the others boxes , the same corner was severely damaged -LRB- about 1/2 '' -RRB- . By that time the return period had expired .
 thought if was the same as a previous order . this form is different . no room on top for our business label .
 Well the cabinet locks , but it is entirely made of plastic . The electronic code resets back to the factory setting when the batteries are removed also . I gave it two stars because it does lock , but I do n't think it could keep keys away from anyone older than five .
 I bought one and returned immediately . THis is a very poorly made cheap plastic product . Do not waste your time and money .
 Well , it does lock so if you 're looking for nothing more out of a cabinet then this may be a good item for you.On the other hand unlocking it may be an issue . The push button electronic design was a good idea that was poorly executed . So long as the batteries are fresh it does just fine but as soon as those batteries start to fade the devil in this product comes forth . The cabinet seems to randomly `` forget '' your pass code and reset it back to the default , but then randomly remembers it again and resets again . This can be a real joy if you 're trying to get into it . Also , once you change the battery you 'll have to reset your pass code every time which , while no big deal , gets real old real quick.There 's nothing on the door to pull on to open it once unlocked . You punch in your code on the black buttons , press the big silver button , and the door opens ... a little . And by a little I mean barely . Maybe 3-4 millimeters at best and sometimes you ca n't even get that out of it . Fine if you have finger nails and do n't mind prying the door open but if you do n't can be difficult . If you have big fingers or arthritis in your hands I would venture to say opening the door without a tool would become impossible.I gave it two stars because it does indeed lock but as I said unlocking it can be tricky . The fine people at GE must have noticed this problem though because they made the plastic very thin and flexible . This works out well because for those times when the box simply will not accept your pass code sticking a tool -LRB- like a knife -RRB- between the cabinet body and the door moves the plastic a tiny bit which enables it to get past the locking mechanism and the door pops right open . This has actually become the prefered method for opening this cabinet where I work because , while everyone loves a good mystery , the mystery of if the cabinet will open and let you have your ambulance keys does n't seem to be one that anyone especially cared for . At first I was sure someone would break the door this way but after six months the thing has held up so I have to give it props for durability.Overall I 'm unimpressed with this product . At least when the keys were kept in the desk the drawer could potentially fall on the foot of someone trying to steal them . If it 's any sort of security you 're after look toward another product . This one just does n't do the job .
 I 've had this box for about 18 months . It is great to have all of my keys in one spot . But , as other reviewers have experienced , the Touchpoint lock is a piece of junk . The top two buttons -LRB- 1 and 6 -RRB- are now free-floating . I can push them and there is very little resistance and no click of the buttons locking in place . Needless to say , I am now locked out of my key-box . Guess I 'll find out just how secure it is as I bust it open to get my keys .
 I bought this unit as I wanted to stay away from the electronic units . For the first 4 months of use , it was great . But then the keypad `` broke '' . It appeared one of the numbers was always `` pushed '' . Luckily it was part of my code , so I could get into the safe.After taking the keypad apart , here is what happened . There is a flat plastic piece , similar to a tree branch . Solid down the middle and little `` branches '' that go in between the push buttons . The top broke off , so the number 1 and number 6 are eternally in their `` what it was when it broke '' position.Since this seems to be a quality issue -LRB- if I get a replacement safe , I would assume the new one would break in the same place -RRB- ... I have to give it a low rating .
 This cabinet has its hinge on the outside of the door . It would take less than two minutes for someone to poke the rod out of the hinge . In fact I was able to remove the rod in well under 30 seconds and was able to successfully gain access to the interior of the box . I need my keys secure and the thought that someone could have access to all of my keys in less than two minutes is a bit scary . I must admit I find this quite humerus as the rest of the box is well constructed and contains some level of reinforcement to prevent drilling and other access attempts . Too bad this box is of no use to anyone unless they are looking for a storage cabinet that is both heavy and overpriced .
 The touch pad lock broke with less than a year of infrequent use on it and all my keys were locked inside of it . In desperation I took a large screwdriver to it and pried the door open . It is not as secure as I had hoped and not as reliable as I expected . I have ordered a Buddy Electric Key Safe Cabinet -LRB- BDY322132 -RRB- as a replacement .
 I bought this safe to keep my garage door opener safe from potential thieves . After about a month of light use , the knob turned but the lock mechanism did n't . All my keys were stuck inside . In a desperate panic I turned and turned the knob and it opened after about 200 turns . I was late for my appointment but at least I had my keys . The box has remained open since . I plan to replace it with a different , keyed , brand available on amazon .
 I was planning to buy this item , but was scared away by the reports of the locking mechanism breaking . I found a much beefier alternative -LRB- 9 gauge steel -RRB- sold by Harbor Freight -LRB- model 95041 - `` Electric Key Box '' -RRB- which has a battery-powered electronic keypad and an external key backup , all for about half the price of the GE . I had trouble finding this item on Harbor Freight 's website , but it was in stock at their store . I am happy with it so far .
 If you 're looking for security , forget it . Stick a pry bar in the side and it 's open in a matter of minutes . But , this is the option that most people have . However , I just found the Buddy Electric Key Safe Cabinet model 3221-32 that 's a bit more expensive , but definately secure . It 's built like a safe ... a necessity to protect your keys from a determined theif . It 's equipped with two bar locks instead of a tiny metal latch . Plus the hinges are concealed . I found the best price on Sam 's club website , but it ranged from $ 100 - $ 200 when I googled it . This GE type of key cabinet built with a metal latch is nothing better than a heavy duty storage cabinet for your keys . I wanted security and storage . Bought the Buddy Key Safe instead . Much happier .
 As other reviewers have noted -- the lock broke in about 2 months . Waste of $ 45 -- If you 're looking for security you 're better off spending a bit more for a more substantial product .
 I 'm really upset ! My key cabinet has broken !! The black knob that you turn to open and close the door completely stopped working . It does n't latch anymore ! I wish there were some sort of warranty on this product because it broke within 5 months of owning it . And it was n't cheap ! I might try to contact GE . But I am sure I will just have to toss it . Although I should recycle it . I wonder if there is a place to recycle such a heavy object . Good luck with yours ! I hope it does n't break on u ! : -LRB-
 The box is good , but the lock is junk . The first lock failed within 2 weeks . Amazon replaced it for me and it broke again about a year later . I opened both locks after they broke and they both broke in the same spot . The whole inside of the lock is plastic and breaks easily . I like the idea of having all the keys in one location and semi safe -LRB- yes I broke into mine with a screw driver and hammer also to get my keys out when it broke -RRB- . I was going to repace the lock again , but the lock cost more than the whole box , so now I 'm looking for something different .
 The box itself is nice , but when I had lost one of the keys and went down to several home improvement stores and two locksmiths , I found the key blank is not available . I contacted the manufacturer in order to request a key blank -LRB- or a cut key - the key does have a code stamped into it -RRB- and they informed me they are not able to obtain the blank !!! I then asked for a replacement cylinder/key set and received the same reply !!! STAY AWAY !!! I would have given it zero stars , but there is no option to do that .
 This product was reco 'd through the message board . I had previously returned another scale by another company . Thought this would be an improvement , but it 's no better . It comes with an adapter which is very good compared to battery operated . It never ever gets the weight correct . Mainly the weight is 0.00 , it just does n't register . When you go to the website for troubleshooting and tech support , there are two pages of why it does n't work.Shop around .
 This has been worthless since the day I got it . Numbers bounce all over the place , wo n't weigh anything accurately within 5 lbs . I emailed the seller and he sent me a long email telling me that I had to put it on a level table , could n't have any humidity , etc , and the numbers bouncing all around was one of the symptoms . Well , I tried everything he advised and now I 'm just trying to get a refund . I had a cheap Weighmax scale before this , and it worked very well for about a year , then quit working . It was better than this piece of junk ! You get what you pay for , I guess !
 I hate this new form ! There is absolutely no room to explain labor charges . Bring back the old style ! I 'm looking everywhere for them .
 Figures Adams Has to change a Good thing the Older ones were so much better ! There was more room to put in what you did on vehicle on Right side they made it smaller , on the NEW Ones the only 4 rows now ! and you cant get the older ones . Ive been lookin for the older ones No More u have to get the big ones if u want more room . I RETURNED Mine lookin somewhere else ! dont get these small ones u wont like them !
 This Repair Order does not provide enough lines to explain to the customer what has been performed to the vehicle for repairs .
 We have used this item for the past three years . Now , the company decided to change the format . The format change was not noted on the description and the stock number was not changed . Why fix it if it is not broke . My problem is with the product not the service . My order was delivered in one day , my return was processed very quickly and a refund was issued .
 I have purchased this product many times in the last 5 years . There was a major format change . They have tried to account for every possible bit of information . So much so , that there is n't enough room for labor charges . They left a tiny box at the bottom right for the total . It used to be a great product for a great price . I will find a different invoice to use .
 The item I recieved is n't what I wanted - it did n't match the picture on your website . It was easy to exchange with the provided mailing label I printed out - just a little hastle .
 Hard to understand . Poor instructions . Timely to input information . I sent it back . The concept is great but the reality is poor .
 A waste of eight bucks . Looks ok , and you would think that a phone would be so ubiquitous that it would be hard to get wrong , but man , this thing is wrong . The sound is terrible , tons of background static . I get better sound on my 4-year-old cell phone . Plus , the included phone cord is way to short , pretty much meaning you ca n't stand up with it if it is on your desk , you must remain seated in order to keep the phone from being jerked up into the air with you . You 'd be better off going to Goodwill and getting a secondhand phone from back in the day when they knew how to build one .
 Good
 The pictures and description of this product are FALSE . Not a ` binder ' type planner . Does NOT have a calendar of ANY SORT . All it is , is a address book in a zippered pouch . Complete and utter waste of my time and money . I have a small disabled child . We live on an extremely fixed income . We have a lot of appointments to keep track of . I do n't have a printer any longer , so I can not print out a return sheet and return this piece of cr@p . Do n't waste your money . I gave it one star , because I could n't leave a review without leaving a star - but it soooo does n't rate even that .
 Both compartments -LRB- the locking stor-a-key & the normal stor-a-key case -RRB- are way too small for my 8 cm car key -LRB- 2001 VW Passat -RRB- . It will not even fit the smaller valet key -LRB- the one w/o the remote unlock button -RRB- , which looks similar to the key depicted in the item picure . No amount of cramming it in will force the compartment to close ; I estimate a 7.5 cm car key would fit . This will work with a house key , but then again , so would hiding your house key under a doormat -LRB- especially b/c it 's made of plastic that can be broken -RRB- . I chose this device because it has the magnet to attach to my car , and it is completely useless for that purpose b/c it is WAY too small for any modern car key . BOOOOOO !
 Having read everyone elses great reviews of this laser , I ordered this pointer from Amazon a while back and ended up being just terrible . This laser is n't very bright at all and is very hard to see because it is so dim . Second of all , the dot that this laser projects is like the size of a pinhole it seems , which adds to it being hard to see.I bought one of those generic key chain lasers you see everywhere for $ 5 and it outperforms this pointer in every category . The $ 5 pointer was alot brighter , had a much bigger dot , making it very easy to see during the day or night . I did a comparison test between the two pointers at night outside and I could n't even really see the dot of the LaserLyte pointer at 100 feet , but the $ 5 pointer seemed to go hundreds of yards . So I ended up returning the LaserLyte pointer I got at Amazon because it is terrible and dose n't go anywhere close to the advertised 500 yards , it is actually barely visible at 100 feet .
 I returned the plastic bags because instead of being clear they had writing on them . Although the UPS receipt indicated the merchandise had been returned , I never received a credit on my credit card . I lost $ 50 .
 This phone has terrible intermittent reception . It will be totally clear one minute and then progressively get worst until you ca n't even carry on a conversation . I 've had it for about 3 weeks and it 's going back !!
 You get some decent features for the money , but the clarity of phone calls is really terrible when compared to the best digital cordless phones . My cordless Panasonic from the early 90 's sounded better than this .
 I 'm ready to return this product . The instruction manual included does not appear to include the correct instructions to operate the phone . I can not make the phone operate properly either with the instruction manual or by trial-and-error , and I am a former computer tech with plenty of time to go through the instructions . Even the time-setting instructions were incorrect in the manual . Are there people out there happy with this kind of device and this kind of service ? I ca n't believe it , unless I was shipped some strange , one-off combination of defective phone and mis-printed manual . Back to China with this puppy .
 About half of my conversations on this phone are interrupted by intermittent dead air lasting 3 seconds . The outgoing message that you record has terrible quailty , lots of static , whether recorded through the base or the handset . I found it difficult to figure out the function of all the buttons . I would like to have a date/time stamp on each message left . I do n't like the overall design of the handset ; it 's not comfortable to hold in my small hand . I wish my husband would have read the reviews before purchasing this phone . I 'm going back to using our good 5 year old GE 900 mHz -LRB- we replaced it only because one number button was wearing out -RRB- . - Stephanie Neff
 I bought this phone and used it only a short time . The quality ofthe phone is of a cheaper model . The battery went dead in a short time andthere always seemed to be problems with the phone charging . I had tounplug and replug it in from time to time to get the message machine towork . I would not recommend this phone to anyone . You do n't get muchfor your money these days . Very Disappointed with Bell .
 I spent almost $ 500 on this product and I was very dis-opointedat the quality even it suppose to be good brand . The top drawer does n't lock and you have to push hard tokeep it close to the close position.I honestly dont advisebuying this product its not good as it looks .
 It 's good for what we needed in our office , however , there are 2 draws that do n't fit properly and tilt downward , making it difficult to hold the draws open while also filing papers into them . It does have a lot of room though . We did not contact HON or Amazon about the tilting drawers , too much hassle to do so . I 've purchased many things from Amazon.com and personally , I think they are getting somewhat sloppy on their vendor quality requirements . This is the 3rd item we bought this year that has not been correct . Prior to this year , we NEVER had a problem with anything we bought at Amazon .
 Length :
 The seller -LRB- Interstate Batteries -RRB- sent me a Battery instead of a phone . Even if you need the battery , you can find it way cheaper at ebay .
 I am the IT manager for our company and have installed and configured all aspects of our network and computers.Even experienced as I am , I simply could not get the software to communicate with the hardware . Finally after wasting a good part of my day , I finally got it figured out.Even though the manual says to install the software on a server , our windows server 2003 system would not install the software , so I ended up having to install it on my personal system , which caused all kinds of errors and left my computer bogged down at times.It randomly loses connection to the server -LRB- which is on my system -RRB- , and is quite buggy to use.If you are in the market for a payclock system , this is n't the one for you . This also applies to all the Lathem payclock systems as they all use the same software .
 I was hoping this was EZ but it turned out to be impossible . I am our companies computer systems manager and I 've loaded hundreds of software/hardware packages . I can not get the terminal to respond to the software and I 've tried all the faq 's from the companies website on two different computer . I tried to register online , and that faulted out , and forced me into a snail mail registation . You have to download the help files -LRB- they are not on the CD -RRB- and they failed to load when I search a topic . Based on some of the software out there , I 'd rate this one as low as it gets . Even if it ever does work , I would n't pay more the $ 250 for a credit card swipper and $ 20 software package
 Out of the box , the software did not work . After wasting many hours , I called support , and had to download new software as the software on the CD would not work.After using the software for most of the year , it finally quit working completely , losing all the time clock it had stored . The database connection was `` lost '' and could not be recovered.It is very , very amateurish software . You even have to manually change the time period each payroll . No event logging.I 've worked in I.T. for 26 years , and have written many programs and installed hundreds of other software programs . This software is as bad as some of the worst DOS programs from back in the 80 's . Simply disgraceful coding by some hack programmers .
 I spent almost $ 500 on this product and I was very dis-opointedat the quality even it suppose to be good brand . The top drawer does n't lock and you have to push hard tokeep it close to the close position.I honestly dont advisebuying this product its not good as it looks .
 It 's good for what we needed in our office , however , there are 2 draws that do n't fit properly and tilt downward , making it difficult to hold the draws open while also filing papers into them . It does have a lot of room though . We did not contact HON or Amazon about the tilting drawers , too much hassle to do so . I 've purchased many things from Amazon.com and personally , I think they are getting somewhat sloppy on their vendor quality requirements . This is the 3rd item we bought this year that has not been correct . Prior to this year , we NEVER had a problem with anything we bought at Amazon .
 Length :
 Program never works without issues . Sometimes it sends the data to quickbooks and sometimes it does n't . Other times it sends double or triple the hours that were worked . this is a payroll nightmare . Support is $ 75 for 30 minutes and they do n't care if you are up and running if you do n't pay . They just say ok , goodbye . I would definitely get something else .
 These t-pins are a great price , but not what I was looking for . They 're very thick , and somewhat dull on the tip . I 'm sure they work great for bulletin boards or office cubicle walls , but for fine-point pining -LRB- which is what I need -RRB- they 're too big .
 The LaserLyte SleekPoint Laser Pointer by LaserLyte looks and feels great . It 's huge button is also a plus . However , sometimes the laser would not respond very well , and after sitting unused in a box for about one year , the laser pointer no longer works , even with new batteries . These problems seem to agree with several comments made in other reviews . Look , feel , and price are important , but not if the laser does n't work . I would not recommend this product . Stick to the pen-shaped pointers .
 the price is ok.but the product seems not as good as i thought it must be.thus i prefer transparent tape of this brand.well , still kin to this brand , btw .
 What I believe to be false advertizing $ 21.99 original price for 1 roll of tape , I thought it would be many of the single rolls in clearance . Savings was somewhere round about 90 % I think I might have bought one roll cheaper elsewhere . That 's my opinion .
 As far as quality is concerned , this is is really not much different than the other replacement batteries from AT&T . That ; seems to be more related to which country or company was the supplier.Electrically they are all comparable , but , it is the physical size that separates one from another.Seems more like a way to sell different types of batteries.Some have connectors and other do n't . It is like shoes one size fits the others do n't . Always wondered why this item , after a short while was not readily available even from Bestbuy where the phone was purchased.For some reason it was restricted to one AT&T ; and Vtech model only so there was n't much demand for this item.If the shoe store only carries small shoes because they sell better , it wo n't work if you take a medium shoe.Not much choice here .
 I really liked the easy to use features of this machine when I saw it at the store . However , the sound quality fades in and out so bad I just had to take it back to the store .
 I bought this answering machine when my AT&T manufactured one -LRB- that I had owned for five years -RRB- broke . This sony machine is terrible . The worst feature is the recording of our message asking people to leave their name and number . It is scratch , and very difficult to hear .
 ... The sound is horrible and the thing talks way too much , and much too slowly . It must take 3 seconds to tell me that my message has been deleted - EVERY time I delete a message.The thing that REALLY irks me is that once you listen to a message , the counter decrements so that no one else knows that the message is on the machine . I have to write down messages for my wife to check the machine and vice-versa . There have to be better/cheaper machines on the market .
 I bought this and used it for about 6 hours until I could n't take it anymore . -LRB- Yes , I do have a low tolerance for a nuisance such as this . -RRB- It takes forever to check or scan through messages because someone thought it would be cool to make a machine that talks to you . Ugh.Get the Panasonic , it has a much more user-conscious design .
 I bought this machine at a local store , hooked it up and noticed right away that the sound quality was horrible . Once it was hooked up , I noticed that the number of messages that we recieved dropped to practically zero . After about 10 days -LRB- and 2 messages during that 10 day period -RRB- , I confirmed that someone thought they left a message on my machine but there was no message on the machine . I took it back to the store where I bought it , and am currently looking for another machine .
 I got this about a year ago , needing to loan my betterAT & T box to my inlaws.This works `` ok '' for simply getting messages , when I 'm inthe house . I do n't like it for other things.No battery backup . Settings lost with power outage , includingany set id for retrieving messages . Time lost . But outgoingmessage , or saved messages appear ok.I 'm finally looking to replace it because I ca n't reliablyretrieve messages calling in . Either the id 's wiped , theid is `` invalid '' -LRB- even if it is n't -RRB- , or the last time I triedit did n't even recognize that I was using an id to say itwas incorrect . Very frustrating , only sometimes works.Why ca n't anyone make a decent machine ? I 'm noticing veryunreliable machines in these reviews . My old one wasquite usable . This one is difficult , and requires themanual to set anything ... 8 - -LCB-
 I never took the time to find out if most of the features on this machine worked . The sound quality was so poor that I returned it 2 days after I got it . I expected much more out of a Sony product .
 We own and have owned several Sony products over the years , andthis is the first one that I can recall that we 're returning to thestore where we bought it . The sound quality on this Tam-100 is quite literally abysmal . Someone recently got me a `` talking pen '' as a gift that you can record your voice on-and it sounds better than this answering machine . I would like to know what the chip set is that processes this horrible sound reproduction so that I can possibly avoid it in the future . Do all or most digital answering machines have this similar flaws ? We could possibly pay more for better quality .
 I got as far as recording the OGM and when the machine played my voice back - I put it back in the box and returned it . The playback is far from true to life . Do not buy this product . Typically - I only buy Sony - but i will make this one exception to the rule .
 I bought this machine about a year ago and have not been satisfied since . The sound quality -LRB- as others have mentioned -RRB- is horrible . The three mailboxes are nice , but callers can never figure out how to get to the right box ... even I ca n't ... you have to push * or # or something then the number of the box , and only while the message is being played . Talk about badly designed . Sony was great and replaced the unit when we complained about sound quality , but the new one they sent was just as bad . I do n't have any other suggestions , since I have n't found a satisfactory answering machine yet . -LRB- Oh , and new Sony machines ... same problem -RRB-
 I bought my Sony TAM-100 on 6/30/01 and got one as terrible as all the ones which have been reviewed poorly by others . I just wished I had checked these reviews before I bought it ! I thought the Sony name was totally reliable , and liked the size , price , and appearance of the machine . I also love our Sony phone . My daughter had to make about 10 attempts to come up with a recording that seemed acceptable . -LRB- Her friend kept calling and checking the message , telling us she could n't understand it , or it sounded as if there were 8 voices , or the voice was going up and down . -RRB- When we come home now , about 2/3 of the messages are blank ; either they 're too soft for us to hear , or the caller gave up because the message was unintelligible , or the machine did n't record the message . When my mother-in-law called , she called back because she did n't think she could have gotten the right number . My mother said the message was very faint . Also , the robotic voice is very annoying , telling us more than we need to know . If there is a 3 lit up , I can figure out that there are 3 messages without the voice SLOWLY announcing this ! We are going to return the machine tomorrow . I thought maybe we just got a defective machine , but from the reviews it looks like a lot of them are like this . Have we gone to new technology before it has been perfected ? Our old tape machine worked perfectly until it wore out ! What 's wrong with you , Sony -- your products are usually so reliable !
 I bought this Answering Machine thinking that it would be a good machine as it 's from Sony . As well I have a cordless phone which is great and an Alarm clock all great from Sony . This machine is -LSB- junk -RSB- , Right now it 's still in the box and I am back to the voice mail from my telephone company . One thing I did like on the unit was the `` Beep '' to let you know you had a message and that you did n't have to acutally go to the machine to find out that you had no messages . The pre-recorded greeting was also a nice feature one that I used becuase people could not understand what I was saying in to the machine when I recroded my greeting . Overall good design but poor quality ...
 I have n't found anything better yet but the sound quality is terrible . Another annoying feature is that if it loses power briefly , it wo n't come back online until you push a button .
 Extremely compact , above average in ease in out-of-the box setup . Playback voice quality is below average . Owned 13 mos . then the unit died -LRB- no display , power brick volts OK -RRB- . Sony 's warranty 1 year from invoice date -LRB- mine was on backorder 2 weeks -RRB- . Great price , but now I need another . : -LRB-
 This answering machine is very frustrating . Ours makes the first 10 seconds of a message so quiet you have to strain to make anything out . Good luck figuring out who 's calling . All you get is the last half of the message . I am extremely frustrated by it and trying to find something better ... . All in all , a big disappointment from Sony .
 If I could give it less than a star , I would . I purchased mine 3 months ago and at that point was n't happy with the voice quality . However , against my better judgment , I decided to keep it . It is 3 months later and I need to find a replacement for this item -- 4 people have told me this week they left messages for me and it never took them . Since I run a business from my home , it is imperative that I have a reliable answering system .
 I returned this machine after a month of frustration trying to get it to work . The sound quality was so poor that no one could understand the message when they called . The mailbox funtions did not work , either . A very poor product .
 With the exception of two major problems , this would be a good telephone answering machine for home use.The sound quality is absolutely horrible . It is nearly impossible to record a custom announcement message that callers can understand , and recorded messages left by callers are often garbled and also difficult to understand.The real problem for us is that when a phone call is answered from an extension phone while the answering machine is either performing it 's announcement , or receiving a caller 's message , this answering machine wo n't shut off . Having to ask the caller to hold on -LRB- If they can understand you over the garbled noise of the recorded announcement , while you run to the answering machine to turn it off is a real pain ... especially when you ca n't turn it off in such a situation . The only remedy we 've come up with is to unplug the machine in order to accept the call and carry on a conversation .
 when I bought this machine I liked the ability to have it beep regularly to let you know there are messages to be heard , but I soon discovered the sound quality was very poor ... I could not understand people at all when I called in by remote control , and also the playback volume by remote control was very low ... even max volume standing at the machine was weak compared to any other answering machine I have owned .
 The TAM-100 does n't mount on the wall . I was hoping to mount this unit on the wall -LRB- actually backsplash -RRB- in my kitchen so i could reserve counter space.Also , as other reviewers have said , the sound quality is not very good . I 'm sticking to my old Panasonic tape unit until I can find a unit with at least the same level of quality .
 Basically , this machine is funcional for its purpose and has a few good ideas I find usefull . But on the OGM , you have to tell your caller to press * -LRB- star -RRB- then the number of the mailbox . It would just make sense to press the number without a * or pound or whatever ! -LRB- Did you get that SONY ? -RRB- Some people will use their common sense and just press the number of the mailbox they want ; the machine responds by recording the message in mailbox 1 and all you hear is the sound of the number being pressed over and over again as the caller ca n't find out what went wrong ! This has happened a lot , even if you clearly state that * must be pressed first . `` Press star one , Now ! '' Sound quality is poor for both OGM and ICM . Hint
 I was looking to get rid of my `` Call Answer '' service from the phone company at $ 7CAN/month . Since we do n't have dial-up internet access anymore , it is no longer important to get messages while we are using the phone line.I purchased this model figuring since it was a SONY and it was digital , it would suffice . I took it home and hooked it up . Recorded our greeting , played it back - sounded like I was in some kind of cave or underwater - very echo-y . Plus there was a lot of static/crackling in the background . And that 's when I unplugged it and packed it up and returned it.What a disappointment ! I 'm still looking for a replacement .
 The sound quality on this this is terrible ! I can barely understand what anybody says.I 'm annoyed by all of the voice prompts and having to wait for them before hearing my messages . `` m-e-s-s-a-g-e -- t-w-o -- r-e-c-e-i-v-e-d ----- o-n '' ... I just wish I had n't thrown the receipt away . : - -LRB- has been reliable , and have seen over 20 messages stored on it .
 I have had this answering machine 3 months and now it answers the phone only when it wants to . It sometimes works right , when it does its a good machine . Sony is looking at it now to try and repair it , cant be a good seller , the Sony service center never new they made answering machines . Sound quality is ok , could be better .
 While I was dazzled by the small , sharp appearance of the machine , I found the sound quality to be by far the absolute worse of the three that I bought and tested . The sound was so bad that it was intolerable .
 Since my search was for `` yellow Sanford Liquid Accent Highlighters '' I did not realize I did not have a color choice . Therefore it cost me the shipping and the time and trouble because I received PURPLE ! They have NO YELLOW!Otherwise , the service has been more than satisfactory .
 Wish it came w / a pin and a clip , comes w / clip , ideal for waistline . Wish it had option for a beep mode , not just vibration . It was for my mom how is very forgetful . I wish was able to pin in on her so she does n't take it off .
 It 's about as useful as an egg timer , but quieter , much more complicated to set up , more cheaply made , and costs way more money .
 My HP 1220 fax has been nothing but trouble . It had a variety of irritating problems from the beginning , like not being able to fax to certain other brands of fax machine . More recently , it 's copy quality deteriorated completely ; and it began to display a permanent error message
 I own a lot of Sony stuff and usually I 'm really impressed with their quality and performance , but this phone is a dog.Functionally it 's great . Very clear sound , excellent range , useful autodial , caller ID on the handset ... nice.But practically it sucks . There 's no battery indicator so you ca n't tell if how much life it has left . Now , that should n't be a problem with the advertised lifetime of the battery -LRB- several days on standby , hours worth of talk time -RRB- . I figured you could put it on the stand every night and you 'll be fine , right?Nope . Talk time on this thing is under an hour fully-charged and , when the battery goes , it just shuts off . No warning at all . And if you 've had the thing off the stand for a day or so the talk time is * maybe * 15 minutes . It has cut out on my wife so often that she really hates using it.This is the worst phone I 've ever owned . If I could return it , I would . I ca n't even in good conscience give it away , so I may smash it to pieces with a hammer so that no one else has to be subjected to it.My wife was looking at replacements recently and the store clerk said that they got so many of these phones returned that they wo n't carry them any more . Amazon is listing it as out-of-stock , but I hope they 've pulled it completely.Take my word for it
 I am a dedicated Sony consumer , so when I bought a digital cordless , naturally I bought Sony . Unfortunately , Sony has frankly ** -LSB- been bad -RSB- ** on one of the most important features of this phone - the battery . They obviously cut corners in this one area to add more trinkets to the phone . Which are great - caller id on the base and the handset , scrolling address book on the handset , speed dial memory , speaker phone , etc. ; but , if the battery is dead after using the phone for an hour , then what use is the features ! I 'm not a phone junkie , in fact I hate being on the phone , but I work at home and end up on some long calls which halfway through get cut off and I have to switch to my corded phone across the house from my office . Bummer Sony ! I 've seen the same complaint on several other Sony cordless phones as well , so maybe I would suggest checking out another brand !
 This phone is a far cry from my previous Sony protable which lasted about 10 years , and unfortunately is no longer made because Sony is out of the phone making business . The handset of my new phone does not light up so I can see the caller ID screen in a dark or dimly lit room . Even in the daylight , the print is so small I almost have to squint to see who is calling . Why was this feature omitted ? Why does the base unit stay lit green all the time like a nite light ? It should light up only when there is a call like my old Sony . I hear faint static while I 'm talking . No matter what channel I switch to while talking , I still hear the static . I plan to return this phone before the month is out for a refund .
 After doing a ton of research I decided on this phone . It had all the features I needed & I 've had only good luck with Sony products . Unfortunately , the phone I received constantly cut out from the first time I used it & had to be sent in for repair to Sony . Sony sent me a brand new one which ended up having the same irritating problem . Amazon gladly refunded my $ $ .
 Nice features but I returned mine mainly because of the hollow , or tinny , way my voice sounded when I spoke , this was confirmed by other users . The handset display is not illuminated and can not be read in dim light -LRB- this is the only way to review your Caller ID list , the base will not do it -RRB- . Also I could not put more than 16 numbers into my speed dial making it unusable for accessing voice mail codes.I liked the base keypad and dual display .
 I have been a LONG time religious purchaser of SONY phones and stereo components , and I 'm sorry to say that I will no longer purchase SONY phones . This phone has given me continous problems since week 3 . The signal kicks out , even in the same room as the base set , you can hear it changing channels -LRB- and it cuts off reception while doing so -RRB- . I returned it twice and had the same problems with the new phones . I just replaced it with the Siemen 's 2.4 gig . All in all , you can get MUCH better phones for the money . NOTE ** My Sony 900MHz from 3 years ago is still running strong , but these new ones are just horrible .
 This phone has lots of nifty features but the speaker system is lousy . It cuts out during use both when speaking and when listening to voice-mail messages . By the time you grab up the handset you have missed a lot . I would not recommend this product to anyone who is a frequent speaker-phone user .
 I could not connect to my computer , so I had to download ver .6.2 for the upgraded driver . That did n't work then palm company told me this unit did n't have a driver and I had to buy a infrared sync , which I did , still having a problem connecting to my computer . What a mess . I would like to stick it where the sun do n't shine .
 I purchased this item in hopes of using the dot or line laser for some handyman work I have to do . Upon receipt I encountered problems with getting the laser to work . After trying two different pairs of tested triple AAA batteries I gave up . Another problem I encountered was the batteries did not come out of the level very easy . I had to use needle nose pliers to remove them as well as tap the level rather vigorously to get the batteries to even move . Rather odd as this is a fragile electronic device based on the product literature . I have never encountered this before . It should have been a simple unscrew the battery cap and turn the level face down and bingo , the batteries drop out . My recommendation is to spend the additional dollars and get a professional quality laser level . As a bubble level it is fine . As a laser level it is of poor quality . What good is it if it does n't work . Also , if I have to fight with the product to remove the batteries it is not of very good quality ! I say , stay away from purchasing this item . I plan on purchasing a name brand , working , quality tested laser level . I do n't want to have to go through this frustration again .
 I purchased this laser level online , partly due to it 's good price and to use around the house . . After receiving it , opening the package and trying it out , I was more than disappointed . . although everything functioned , the laser was crooked , coming out of the level on quite an angle - the dot was off by 1/2 '' at a distance of only one foot!Of course , according to the etailers return policy , since the package has been opened and is not in ` original condition ' I ca n't even return it!My advice is , forget it . This is a very poorly made product with no attention paid to it 's alignment . The components are just glued inside the casing ! -LRB- since I could n't return it , I opened it up -RRB- You might get lucky and have one with straight parts , but more likely not .
 I borrowed one from a friend to set a line around a addition in preparation for siding . In a 35 ' run I was off 7/8 . The laser was fine , the level bubble was off ! Wasted an hour trying to figure out what was going on . This tool is good forwell I do n't realy know
 This shredder worked great initially . Then , after using it only twice , it was completely dead when I put the switch on `` forward . '' Reverse still worked fine . I tried waiting , uplugging it , even days later it was still dead . Returned to Amazon for a full refund .
 Very disappointed and will not order this again . # 1
 IF you think the marker ink matches the cap colors do not buy these you will be very let down.The actual ink is anywhere from 3 to 6 shades darker than the cap is , the ink is not pastel at all . It doesnt even come close to the soft pastel of the cap color.BE WARNED DO NOT BUY IF YOU ARE EXPECTING `` PASTEL '' color .
 I purchased Bic permanent markers to replace my worn Sharpies that were a few years old . I only use them to write on my calendar so they do not get abused , and since I color code and have to write small , it is important to me that they work well . I should have spent the extra few dollars and purchased the Sharpie markers . A few of the markers were falling apart -LRB- when you opened the cap , the actual marker opened as well exposing the ink well or cushion -RRB- . After writing with the markers a few times , the point did not stay sharp or write as fine point . Since I have to write small and legibly for all to be able to read in calendar boxes , this is important . Stay with Sharpies . They are a much better product .
 I was very hopeful for this marker set , and impressed with its presentation and packaging . It has great fold out packaging , making all colors easily accessible and organized.That 's where my good impression ended.Perhaps it 's because I have , for 20 years , worked with professional artists ' mediums , but I am accustomed to consistency and accuracy in color swatching for my inks and paints . The color swatching for these pens is `` off '' , to say the least . Do not trust the lid to equal the shade of the ink in the pen . For some colors , it was quite accurate ; for others , not at all -LRB- and I was tempted to switch some of the lids to better match the colors inside -RRB- . If you get these pens , create a test-sheet on pure white paper , so you can have a better color map for the pens.As I tested each color , I found the consistency of the tips of the pens to be lacking . Some gave me a heavy , thick line , and others a very thin one . Some ebbed and flowed with the ink distribution . -LRB- With same angles and pressures applied . -RRB- This can be problematic while working on a project.The ink levels/dryness also varied a LOT . Some pens gave a heavy consistent ink line , while others seemed dry right from the start . Others gave something in between , as the ink levels came and went . The lighter colors seemed to be lacking in ink distribution more than the darker , richer colors , but even that was n't consistent . Again , if you end up with these , a test-sheet of paper will remind you which colors are heavier in distribution than others.I ran these pens through the wringer , using them heavily to see how they lasted , and again , the life of each pen seemed to differ greatly from the others -LRB- but the dryer beginners did die faster , which I expected -RRB- . None lasted as long as competitors ' brands that I have used.If you need some pens for a quick , disposable or of lesser-importance project , then these might be a good choice -LRB- if they are cheap enough -RRB- . But if you 're looking for quality pens for a project that holds any weight , then there are better choices.I 'm disappointed that I have to write this review as is . I was very hopeful that these would be a quality product . I would not purchase these , except maybe for a child who was doing a quick science fair poster or something along that line .
 These permanent markers are pretty bad ! The colors do n't match the caps ! They are really thick , unlike Sharpies . If you need permanent markers , STICK WITH SHARPIE !!
 The colors are are beautiful but only lasted a few minutes before running out.Even those no name 100 markers that come in a round plastic box last longer than these .
 While I 'm sure these would stain your clothes and the colors themselves are alright I purchased these permanent markers to write on plastic surfaces . They did n't work for what I needed . The ink pools and puddles when I use them . My sharpies worked fine on the same surface.If I wanted just pretty colored markers I would have gotten a different type of marker , but I needed permanent makers and these did not fit my needs.I ca n't speak for other projects , but I will state , these do not work on plastic surfaces . If you need to write on something only a permanent marker will stay on , then do not get these .
 My mistake ... I thought I was getting 48 different colors but this package is for 6 packages of 8 markers each . Please read the description before buying !
 These markers did not even last for 2 hours / one school project poster before running out of ink . The tips run dry and you can use the sides for a while but they too run out of ink . You can shake them to get more ink but then they splatter permanent marker all over the place . I had to say bye-bye to my favorite pants and I had red ink on my hands for two days . My daughter cried because her project would not be completed in a timely fashion . ... next time the sharpie variety pack .
 As a Grad student , I needed a laser pointer that would fit well with occassional powerpoint presentations . Cost was important , but apparently I did not pay enough . After about 2 weeks the laser became erratic , failing to operate at times and giving a low quality beam in others . I tried changing the batteries , but the only thing that seemed to work was holding the button down at just the right pressure . This surely is not optimal for a person who has other things to worry about during a presentation . Save time , embarrasment and your money by buying one of higher quality .
 Do not buy it ! It is a piece of crap . I could not even open the thing to put the batteries in . The battery cap is like crazy clued to the body .
 I bought one of your laser pointers and the end of the battery case unscrewed . The end was lost and the unusual thread size makes it irreplaceable.I loved the tool and used it to point out equipment 10 to 30 feet over my head many times every day . So , I bought another one.The switch stuck nearly every time I used it.I swapped the battery cap to the other laser pointer and was happy.The batteries leaked and ruined the one that worked.I 've never had so much trouble with a product in a single month as I 've had with this .
 button fell off within minutes of receiving item . Definitely would avoid this item .
 I bought this item for my cat . The cat just LOVES laser pointers ! I bought this item due to the fact that it uses AAA batteries . Simple to find and replace , right ? WRONG !!! I have tried to replace the flimsy and weak batteries that came with the pointer -LRB- the brand is Powtek , ever hear of them ? -RRB- to no avail . It seems that well known brands such as energizer , duracell , eveready , etc. will not work . They are just slightly too large for this item . I thought all AAA batteries were the same size , but evidently this is not the case . The Powtek brand AAA batteries are just slightly skinnier than the well known , and therefore easy to find brands . So go ahead and get this product if you plan on throwing it in the trash once the batteries need replacing
 Piece of junk . Broke about 2 hours out of the box and became useless . Do n't buy it .
 It 's really true what they say - you get what you pay for . It lasted for about thirty seconds and that was it . What a piece of junk .
 During my first talk -LRB- a job interview -RRB- , the button broke off . This then creates another hole where the laser light shines out from . A great way to blind yourself , as well as disrupting your talk . Do you feel lucky ?
 The ClearLine model 2001 is a very lame laser pointer . First of all , it is only rated at 3.5 mW , rather than the much more typical < 5mW output power provided by other laser pointers . Secondly , it emits a 650nm red beam , which is far less bright than the `` bright red '' laser pointers that emit at 635nm . You would n't think that 15nm here or there would make much difference , but believe me , it does . On the same general topic , make sure to avoid any red laser pointer that emits at 670nm -- they are way too dark.Laser pointers are a lot of fun , but I * HIGHLY * recommend green laser pointers -LRB- emitting at 532nm -RRB- over red laser pointers . The human eye is something like 40 times more sensitive to the greenn wavelength than to red , and with a good green laser pointer , you can actually see the beam sslicing through the night sky , which is VERY cool.Unfortunately , green laser pointers are much more expensive than red laser pointers . If you want an inexpensive laser pointer , try to find a red pointer emitting at 635nm with an output power of no less than < 5mW !!! Under no circumstances would I recommend the ClearLine model 2001 laser pointer , however . I bought it , and it is far , far less bright than any of the other red laser pointers I have . You can find much better red laser pointers in the same general price range with a little searching around .
 After I got it , I put a brand new battery in and it lasted for a loooong 12 seconds and after that it was DEAD . I thought I put in a faulty battery so I replaced it with another new one . Nothing happened . It was really DEAD . Please do n't waste your money .
 Although this laser pointer is cheap , it is certainly low quality . Only 5 MINUTES after the package was opened , it began to malfunction . I have to press the botton really hard , and on the left side instead of the center , to make it work . Also it is very light and feels more like plastic or aluminum than ` solid brass ' . Have n't got a chance to test standard AAA battery compatibility yet , but this was pointed out in other reviews . Conclusion
 One of the owners had his unit die after a week -- mine died within 30 minutes . On investigation , installing fresh batteries caused so much resistance heating that the aluminum case became impossible to hold -- CAN YOU SAY FIRE HAZARD ? The reason for this was that the flimsy spring used to compress the batteries had shifted and lodged against the aluminum case causing a short circuit . There should be a 0.1 cent plastic sleeve to prevent this . This product should be recalled and trashed . I 'd send it back -- but I used a tubing cutter to find out what was wrong . At least it wo n't be re-sold to some other dupe . You really do get what you pay for .
 It stopped working after a week and a half . The switch is BAD ! Do n't bother with this .
 I wanted a laser pointer for a very simple purpose -- my cat loves chasing the dot . So illumination specs , range , battery life , none of that stuff really mattered . I just needed a red dot for my cat to chase . In this I was disappointed . This pointer had trouble early on -- I 'd have to depress the button some certain , arbitrary way to get it to work . After about a month it stopped working altogether -- I gave it fresh batteries , everything . It 's busted , I 'm on Amazon right now buying a new -LRB- different -RRB- one . Steer clear .
 I purchased this laser pointer and when Iopened the box and tried it it work but after awile the button came out and the coating on the brass scraped off andthe clip was like plastic and broke after a few days so like I said if you like to waste money buy this pen .
 This pointer felt kind of cheap . It was not at all like the picture . It was a lot uglier.The laser heads were useless and they were n't very good . The picture does not come out clearly , there are blurs around the image.The laser dot was not very bright . It could have been brighter . It should be smaller also.I bought a laser much thinner and shorter than this one that uses smaller batteries in china . It meets the whatever health requirements and the dot is a lot brighter .
 I wish you could give products a rating of 0 . The shipping took forever , the heads are all totaly useless except for three , and the laser has allready started to crap out on me , and I have only had it for 3 days !!! It blinks alot , so obviously the circuitry inside it is bad . I would have been better off buying a flashlight , because they can shine farther .
 This is an inexpensive and amusing toy . However , the mechanical design and is extremely shoddy . The activation button began mal-functioning immediately , making turning the pointer on a hit-or-miss proposition . While the button initially responded about 90 % of the time , the response has now dropped to about 10 % . I will be replacing this pointer with another and not buy any product from this maker again .
 The first day I got this little laser , I was disappointed ; it just does n't look as good when you see it as it does in the picture . The paint is cheap enamel , not smooth steel , as you might think from the photo.Right away , the pointer started to have problems . I put in the two watch batteries -LRB- which , although small , will cost you a lot more in the long run than the AAA batteries used in most other laser pointers -RRB- to use it , and it would n't work . I thought it was broken . Then , a few minutes later , I tried again , and it worked . I 've realized now that I have to hit it on the table a few times when I need to use it.The main head does n't screw on very tightly -- there are n't enough screw threads to keep it attached . In the first week , the head fell off , and I have n't been able to find it since then , so now I have an even uglier little laser pointer.On the up side , the laser beam is pretty strong . At night , I can put a spot on the buildings 100 or 200 feet away , but since I use my pointer almost every day in class , this one was a waste of money .
 This laser , having a short life span . the many tips are low quality , and i would n't reccomend it to anyone
 It fell apart immediately , the heads are all rather stupid -LRB- and also fuzzy -RRB- , the spotlight was n't very intense . This was a waste of money .
 I bought a laser pointer just like this -LRB- same company and design -RRB- , except no extra heads . After only 2 days the batteries died through normal use , and when I finally found the right replacement batteries it was n't cheap for 3 . and because of the poor instructions I broke it beyond repair -LRB- screwed off the wrong side -RRB- without any effort at all when I tried to replace the batteries .
 I bought this cute laser pointer for my husband because he loves this kind of stuff . He loved the idea , but it stopped working after 24 hours ! Now what 's he supposed to do with 42 heads ??
 This laser pointer works well when you first get it , and you are stunned with it . A few problems with it are that the batteries are hard to put in , and next to impossible to get out . Another thing about it is that the switch failed on mine . When it worked , I needed someone to help me pull out the switch to turn it off . Oh , and one more thing . DO NOT JUDGE YOUR PURCHASE ON THE OVERSTATED RANGE INFORMATION !!! Right on the box it says Range-1 ,500 FEET ! When you can get it to work , it 's good , but it 's not worth all the trouble .
 USed very few times which was hit or miss . Now it does n't work at all even with new batteries . Very poor quality merchandise . Do n't waste your money .
 It came to me from amzon.com today . I just had a look at the product in the front of my face and then I realized that its qaulity is very low . Actually it is one of the worst things I ever bought . My friends , get out of here , and look for others .
 I bought this thinking it would last me awhile ... well , it did n't after normal business use for two days ... it decided not to wake up the third morning ... so I changed the batteries -- guess what -- it was n't the batteries.The inserts are nice , but to be honest most were not clearly etched and produce fuzzy images.If you plan on needing a relabile pointer -- buy a high end one that does one thing point ... and not something that you can impress your nerd/gearhead friends with .
 I thought this was a good item beacause since it can point 1,500 feet.but when you press the button too hard the laser goes out . and it does not shine bright . if you want a good laser pointer buy the pen shaped one beacuse it is very worth it . not like this .
 I was looking for an inexpensive laser pointer and I found it . The only problem is that it is cheap , not inexpensive . The button sticks and has to be pushed just so or the laser is not very bright . The 42 tips were cute but not very functional since the red laser does n't always shine its brightest . It works as a cat toy but I would n't rely on it for anything else .
 I had wanted to own a laser for years and when I finally recieved mine it was the absolute worst . The quality of the laser was horrible , the batteries did n't work , and when I finally got them to work the laser light could only be seen if the laser was pointed a few inches from where you were pointing it at.The heads that came with this device were dumb and served no purpose . I had the impression that the heads would have patterns of some sort and mine just showed the plain old dots.Besides those technical things , the laser did n't look a thing like the picture.All in all , this laser is not very good and is not recommended . I suggest that before purchasing a laser of your own that you see and play with it in person , make sure all of the features are correct , and the laser is of good quality . Buyer beware
 I NEVER EVEN GOT IT AND IT TOOK FOREVER FOR THE STUPID SELLER TO GIVE ME BACK MY MONEY . CON-ARTIST . I BET HE DOES N'T EVEN HAVE ANY OF THESE THINGS . DO N'T BUY PLEASE , FOR THE SAKE OF ALL SANITY DO N'T BUY IT !!!!!
 Ok , now how many of us are actually going to use all 42 heads?I bought a couple of these , but the basic head is the one that i use.My 12 year old daughter , Tiffani , uses it for her dog , Rocky , to chase around the light when she shines in the garage.If you buy it for the kids to play with the dogs , then it is a great item , because kids dont mind the hassel of searching through all the heads to find the one that they want to use.If the heads were labeled it would be so easy to use.I dont have time to search through 42 heads to find the one that i need.kelli
 This laser pen stopped working after the first set of batteries ran out !! Whenever you push the button , it does n't work!This is a total RIP OFF ! It does n't work at all , even with brand new batteries .
 I bought this because it was a Gold Box item , and seemed cool . I ca n't imagine how angry I would be now if I had spent $ 50.00 on this -LRB- The suggested retail price ... -RRB- . The laser pointer is cool , but after two weeks of moderate use at work , the pen ran out of ink , and there seems to be no way to fix that . The pen is much heavier than a normal pen , so writing was awkward , and unless you put a lot of pressure on it , the ink would often skip . There 's no way to replace the ink cartridge , so without ink , you 're left with the World 's biggest Laser pointer . Total waste of money , plus it took forever to arrive , and I got murdered on the S&H. ; Buy a case of cheap Paper Mate pens and a normal Laser pointer and scotch tape them together - You 'll be much happier .
 batteries stopped workin after like 3 days DONT BUT IY ~ !
 Very cheap and poorly made , Did not hold up as it wore very fast . Never buy again as Belkin products are not the best
 Came apart after about a week . Not worth bothering with it . Laminations come unglued , Tried to fix , but is trash
 The cloth has seperated from the rubber pad in 2 months . It only cost $ 1.99 , but you would think it would last longer than that .
 The top layer of material on this mouse pad began peeling off less than 48 hours from the time I began using it . It 's absolutely worthless .
 Price is good , but cloth surface quickly delaminated from the rubber backing at the edge where my palm and/or arm rests on the pad . Recommend spending 2 - 3 bucks more , and get more for your buck !
 I have purchased over 200 of these for my company . Users seem to destroy them every few months . The are really light and wont stick to the desk which means most of the time they move along with the mouse . I get them from my vendor for $ 1.25 but I just saw them on a major techie webstore for $ 0.99 cents . I would n't pay more than $ 3 or $ 4 for them .
 It looks like a good mouse pad with a black rubber backing , but NO NO NO it 's not . It is light as a feather and made of lightweight black foam so it will skid all around your desk . I returned them for some better ones that have the standard heavy rubber backing . Stay away from this cheap product that only SIMULATES a mouse pad . The low price should clue you in . Good pads cost $ 5 to $ 6 .
 I would rather have a mousepad with a more slippery surface . It is a good , basic mousepad and very inexpensive .
 This item is a real cheapo . After about a dozen times of running the mouse over the same place on the pad the grip no longerworks . It works hardly any better than having no mouse pad at all .
 It was cheap and simple . problem is we 've only had it a short time and the cloth top is already starting to peel ! i didnt want a temporary product .
 The mouse pad I had before lasted for years . I even washed it in the machine and it still came out fine . When the backing finally started disintegrating , I bought this one . The cloth cover started coming off within weeks . Obviously , they are not gluing the covers properly . I will not buy this again .
 Ordered this for my desktop . Disappointed with quality.PROS : LargeCheapCONS : Blue part started peeling off after first week .
 This item is so boring . It is like something that you 'd see in a library or something . Do n't buy this . Buy one that has kittens on it or puppies . If not those , then the one with the gel pad on it . Do n't buy it !
 This is the lightest mousepad I have ever felt . Does n't even sit flat on the table .
 I hate to give a bad review . However I feel obligated to warn all . This mouse pad is only good for a prop . Only good to look at not to touch ! Thirty days ago I purchased three of these thinking it would be a life time supply . Wrong . After one month use these three mouse pads are honest to goodness worn out ! The material has in that short period of time separated from the overly light foam backing/base . This mouse pad did n't last . That 's about one mouse pad per week ! At the same time I purchased the equally boring but much better quality productBelkin F8E089-BLK 8-by-9-Inch Mouse Pad -LRB- Black -RRB- . For the slight difference in price you 'd be ill advised to purchase this inferior product . Sorry . This is a complete non pass durability wise . Again try the mouse pad mentioned above , you 'll be glad you did way better quality and performance !
 The top of this mousepad is plastic , not jersey as described . Scratchy loud noise when used - less smooth tracking than a table top . Used for 30 seconds then tossed into the trash .
 After some time this pad 's shape becomes concave . And it is too thick . Just spend extra 1 dollar and get twice better pad . I even stopped using this .
 I bought two of these for my kids . The pad is very thin and slides on the desk . The foamy material that they used on the bottom does not stick . The top of the pad has a rough texture that catches my mouse . I use a common Microsoft optical mouse . When I move the mouse from side to side , the mouse pad actually moves back and forth while the mouse stays fixed on the pad.My twenty year old free mouse pad has a rubbery bottom that does not slide , and the top has a smooth texture that allows the mouse to glide effortlessly . I plan to find a better quality mouse pad since I feel bad for my kids .
 This looks nice in red and is large . However after a couple of months it is peeling apart . Would not recommend this product .
 It 's a mousepad , and so you have to understand that certain expectations of aesthetic pleasingness will be left at the door . It is also a sub-five dollar mousepad . And so a certain quality is also left outside , beyond the wooden portal.That being said , I still do not like this mousepad . It has near to no weight behind it -LRB- making it liable to shifts in position with even a small gust of wind from a nearby fan -RRB- , the texture is unpleasantly rough and cheap feeling , and the red color is not even close to vibrant as I had hoped but rather is dull and depressing . It has the feeling of a wet suit that has been left out in the sun for several days.I spend a large amount of time with my mousepad , and I will be purchasing one of this particular variety 's more expensive cousins to replace it .
 At first , I thought the other reviewers who said this was n't as good as brand name tape were persnickety weirdos . It 's tape , right ? What does brand matter when I can save a few bucks ? Turns out , this stuff really is lousy -- it 's not exactly opaque , but it 's a stretch to call it clear . On colored wrapping paper , it shows up as white . Over lettering -LRB- attaching a label to a package -RRB- , it makes words harder to read . Plus it peels off easily , so stuff I 've taped down not only looks cruddy , it 's also not secure . Next time I 'll not be so quick to judge and I 'll spend a extra few bucks for the real deal .
 Disappointed with this product , inferior sticking properties ... . I 'm going back to Scotch Invisible tape , better quality .
 I mail out about 20 bubble mailer packages every day . I usually use Scotch tape to affix postage labels to the envelopes . I recently picked up Duck invisible matte tape by mistake , and boy was it a mistake ! 2 envelopes got lost in transit because of the poor sticking quality of the tape . I know because I was able to track 1 package down , and the label was completely off . I knew right away when I tried using this tape that it could be an issue , but I thought I would give it a try since it is sold in major stores like Wal Mart . I am convinced that the only reason this stuff sticks at all is due to static ! Stay far away from this company .
 I bought the better of the two models -LRB- the one made in USA -RRB- . I would have never guessed in this day and age a corded phone could sound so bad . So -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- I disposed of the box before really having a full conversation using this phone , and have n't asked about returning it . No knock on the seller - but rather the manufacturer.Incoming voices are muffled and unclear and the folks getting my calls ca n't understand me . Everyone of my wireless phones in the house is better than this phone . -LRB- Even our cell phones are clearer - and we live in a poor cell phone reception area -RRB- I 'll replace it with a suitable cheap wall phone as soon as I can find a black one . THIS TIME I `` LL SAVE THE BOX !
 Bought this and never could get it to work . We even changed the plug in the wall . I looks real nice tho . I would not recommend .
 I tried HP Photo Paper on my Canon Pixma printer and did not like the colors in the prints , in particular skin tones . I have tried several printer profiles for HP paper and still could not get the results that would be as good as Canon paper on Canon printer .
 Just wanted to let people know that the pictures come with removable tabs on the photo paper . Makes the pictures look cheap !
 The paper produces beautiful images , but the tabs are difficult to remove . They are scored but the perferations are n't deep enough , so the page tears when you try to remove the tab , even if you score and fold it . Not good.I was wondering why the version with tabs is so much cheaper than the regular non-tab version . Now I know the answer . So do yourself a favor and get the better version , unless you have some kind of use for the tab .
 I purchased this item on Dec. 15 for a Christmas present from Amazon , who in turn past it on to Shoplet . Amazon had sent me an e-mail saying if ordered by this date the item would be received before Xmas . Well Christmas has come and gone and I did not receive the item . I have been tring to contact Amazon.com with no success . I also purchased another item through Amazon for $ 27.00 and that company e-mailed me at the last minute saying they were out of the item . I later found the same item from another source for $ 17.00 . No need to say how I will be shopping in the future . Amazon has become a lousy internet retailer . They will give you free shipping on what they sell , which is hardly anything . I have been hearing similar complaint from other people . This will probably not remain but I will be telling my story all over the internet . As for the file security box , I have no way of knowing how good or bad it is .
 When I took this out of the box I noticed there were several sharp dents along the edge near the top on the right hand side . It looked like someone had whacked it against the edge of another clip board . OK , I 'll deal with it . I fired up my Dremel and used a grinder to smooth it out . Naturally that took the finish off the edge so I ended up putting duct tape on the rough places that were too deep to smooth out . That 's a little too much work for a brand new clip board that cost $ 11.82 when I ordered it on May 11 . Oh , and about that ; the price dropped to $ 8.45 sometime before May 16 when I got it . Grrrr ! Would I buy this again ? Probably not.By the way , the best thing about it was the fact that it was assembled by the handicapped . If I were to buy it again , that would be the only reason .
 these will not work with my printer . contacted avery and said there was nothing they could do . but that is ok because I bought them for labels for my homemade candles and I can just write on them .
 I have used many correction tape dispensers without a problem . Even generic brands were easy to use . The tape twists and when it does go on straight , I have to push it down with my finger to make it stick . It shipped promptly and the price was great but I guess you get what you pay for .
 This is advertised as a -LRB- small -RRB- bonus for buying any photo editing software . Expiration of the offer is Jan 31 , 2003 . System will not honor the promo code because the item is discontinued . What a waste of time .
 there is nothing special about this paper , not in the least bit different from the regular cheap copy paper for color or B&W . by the time you pay the ridiculous shipping price and wait to get it , you would be far better off to get regular copy paper from your local office supply store !
 My family does not shop at Walmart or Sam 's Club due to their business practices related to employees . Not a mention in the product description that this ships from Sam 's Club . Very misleading to the customers like me . I 'm sure the paper is fine , but I do n't like being lead to believe I 'm buying from a ` little guy ' only to find out I 've given money to a big conglomerate that refuses to pay employees a living wage -LRB- many Walmart employees are on welfare and food stamps -RRB- .
 This paper is sold for the same price on Amazon and local stores -LRB- Staples , etc -RRB- . However , paper quality is really low for its price point.There are much better paper out there at the same price , such as Hammermill .
 Cheap and thin ! My laser printer curled and wrinkled the paper worse than any other brand I tried . I wish I could throw away the two packs I bought but that woud n't be very eco-friendly of me .
 Has a bright white color , which is nice . But this is truly the thinnest paper I have ever bought . It literally feels fragile when you hold it .
 We use this paper for music charts . It always folds down when it 's on a music stand . It 's not sturdy at all .
 I expected a better quality of paper . When I got it and put it in my printer I was shocked at how flimsy and low quality it is , I realized its because its multipurpose . I do not recommend this product !
 This paper is very thin and low quality , which surprised me based on what they are charging for it . This is the kind of paper that will jam in your printer and/or start pulling 5-6 pages at a time if your printer is even slightly warn . I work in IT and we would occasionally run into this cheap type of paper when someone doing the supply ordering was trying to save a buck . Paper this thin causes constant problems in printers , especially ones that get used a lot . I have a laser printer , and I ca n't even imagine trying to use this stuff in and inkjet.The generic printer paper I get from my local computer store is better quality , for only $ 2.99 . The $ 5.99 version is much better than this stuff . For $ 6.99 I really expected better quality paper . I can not believe how thin and flimsy this paper is . It 's almost as thin as lens cleaning paper . I only recommend it as a last resort .
 I got this paper and found it is so soft and low quality , it will become very curved when printed out from the laser printer , if I want to print double side , it easily got stuck in the printer .
 The overall quality of this product was good , but it came opened !!! And it certainly looked like some paper was missing !
 This is a review of the combination experience of this paper and Office Depot . Because the order was cancelled this is not a review of the paper itself which I 'm sure is just fine . I just received a note from Office Depot that my order was cancelled . Well , that turned out to be good because although this box of paper is a good price at just over $ 38 , the shipping is almost the same price at over $ 35 ! With tax that comes to just under $ 80 that would have been charged for this box of paper . Watch out for shipping charges .
 This paper is great . I 've used it for years - bright clean and crisp . My issue here is this add . Rule of thumb , if it looks too good to be true , it probably is . If you are looking at this add and it is less than $ 30 for a CASE , this is a false add . This paper normaly costs about $ 42/case . Though I called Amazon to ask if it was real , they neither agreed or disagreed . I guess that 's not unfair to expect . So I placed the order . All info coming from Amazon says it was a CASE , but when I got a conformation from Office Depot , the e-mail said REAM . So I called Office Depot , and after some time , they said yes it was a CASE and that they would add a note to the order to make sure if I had a problem later . Well I did have a problem later , and when checking the order , no entries were of course made . So what does Office Depot say ? `` We do n't honor errors made on the internet , either at Amazon.com OR OfficeDepot.com . '' So that 's great , they can print anything , and have no responsilbility for honesty . I can understand a mistake , but sometimes , you have to eat them . What really ticks me off is that after all that -LRB- and they did refund my money , but not the gas to go and pick it up ! -RRB- , is that this add is still here with the same error . So unless this add is greater than $ 30/case -LRB- more likely > $ 40 -RRB- , then do n't bother !
 I was very disappointed in this Mouse Pad . The surface is to slick and the cursor is all over the place . Take the word `` premium '' out of the title of this product !
 Rubber on the bottom might as well not even be there it is worthless I threw mine in the garbage . Ill say it again its worthless unless you glew it down . You get what you pay for .
 This mouse pad is cheap in both price and the material . The plastic material feels cheap and flimsy , and is not smooth at all . It feels like you are scratching up your mouse as you are moving it around . It is not a pleasant experience to use this pad . I would avoid this one and get something nicer .
 this pad is very thin and the surface is very slippery so it is not easy to use with the mouse at all .
 There 's foam on the underside , not rubber , allowing the pad to slide too easily . The tracking surface of the pad is too slippery and smooth for mechanical -LRB- ball -RRB- mice and not patterned enough for some optical mice . If the mechanical mouse 's tracking ball gets even slightly dirty/dusty , it wo n't track properly .
 The mousepad is super thin ! After a few months , it no longer laid flat and has a crinkled look to it .
 This was a very good price but when I received it the texture bothered me . I ca n't explain just what it was . I gave it to my son and he is using it .
 Yes , I did n't want to spend a lot of money on a fancy mouse pad . However , in this case , I got what I paid for . This mouse pad is thin , absolutely not non-skid , and is very noisy -LRB- scratchy sounding -RRB- when the mouse rolls over it . Because of the meagre price , it is not worth bothering with a return . However , if I had it to do over again , I would n't !! -LRB- and I 'll be looking for a better quality product -RRB-
 I read some reviews saying this mousepad was n't the nicest in the world , but for $ 2 it does the trick . However ... I use a laser mouse -LRB- a Razer Banshee -RRB- and it does n't even work at all on the mouse pad . The surface is a hard , plastic-like texture that is absolutely HORRIBLE for mouses . I may as well just use the mouse on my desk - at least it works on that surface .
 The price is good and the delivery was OK ... but these bubble packs are smaller than other &#34; 0 &#34; packs and it is difficult to put in a DVD case without tearing the package .
 I bought this fax machine because I was tired of leaving my computer running 24 - 7 to receive faxes . This Fax machine might have some nice features but it is lacking in some basics -LRB- both in advertizing specifications , hardware and quality -RRB- ... . I was shocked to find out that it is rated at only 9600 baud rate - I figured all fax machines sold nowadays are rated at 14,400 - boy was I wrong -LRB- I guess if they do n't say 14.4 k then you have to assume it 's a 9.6 k -RRB- . Nowhere -LRB- except in the specifications INSIDE the manual -RRB- did it say anything about baud rate . I ragged on my clients for not having 14,400 fax machines and got most of them to upgrade and I end looking pretty stupid on this one.I could not believe that you have to purchase an additional paper tray for receiving incoming faxes . If you have your fax machine anywhere close to the edge of a desk - your incoming faxes will end up on the floor without this `` paper stacker '' -LRB- which Amazon.com does not sell -RRB- . How lame and cheap can you get?Also I was very displeased to find out it only came with a so-called `` free starter film cartridge '' that will allow you to print up to 65 pages -LRB- whoopdeedo -RRB- and then you have to buy the `` real '' Film Cartridge -LRB- prints up to 330 pgs -RRB- - anywhere from $ 26.99 to $ 35.00 - depending on who you buy it from . This is like buying a printer with no printer cartridge in it - every Laserjet or bubble jet printer I have ever bought has come with a complete printer cartridge.And then to top it off - the few faxes I have received so far from three -LRB- 3 -RRB- different souces has some hairline marks running vertically up and down on the printed pages.The additional items you have to purchase makes that $ 129.99 fax machine total to $ 164.34 -LRB- shipping not included -RRB- for a complete ready to go package.I think I 'll return mine and go back to using my computer fax !!!
 The quality of received faxes for this machine is very poor . I am a fan of Amazon.com and do n't like to return things , but the print quality resembles that of the old thermal faxes . I returned it.Also , beware that Panasonic is shipping this fax without the fax receiving tray , which you will need to order .
 After using two of these Panasonic fax machines , I will not buy another . When it works , it 's great , but the paper feeder is very unreliable and then the machine starts beeping even though it has paper . If the machine has any error whatsoever , it will make loud , audible beeps until the machine detects the error resolved , not when you think it 's fixed . If you buy this fax , make sure you wo n't use it much .
 I expected this to have a good solid clip at the top that would hold paper securely . It does n't ; the clip is marginally functional and not at all of the quality I had expected . It 's useable , but frustrating , and I would not get this again .
 I know what you 're up too . You 're looking for a mousepad made for optic mice . Well , the sad truth is that you 'll never really get much better than a cheap foam surface pad , or maybe just the surface of your desk.What makes the heavy soft pads better than this one supposedly made specifically for optic mice , is that the weight of the pad keeps it firmly in place . This pad is skinny and shifts on your desk frequently . This is not favorable for any application , particularly gaming . Also , the pad tends to warp and become uneven . Pads with grooves in them will cause misreadings in the optics sensors causing your pointer to skip around the screen.Trust me , cheap , 3 dollar pads are better than this .
 So many have said they love this pad , I must start by saying my complaints might be unique to my set-up . So , on to my gripes :1 -RRB- I expected the pad to be much more substantial than it is , it 's very flimsy ... really thin and flexible , and easily scratched and bent ; this really upset me , since I had chosen this pad over another pad which had a sturdy metal back suitable for holding in my lap ; and2 -RRB- I have a Logitech Lasermouse which never gave me any trouble until I started using this pad , but now , with this pad , my mouse-pointer has a tendency to jump or skip all over the screen like crazy at times ... I 've checked , and the cause is n't a dirty mouse , so I do n't know why it acts up only part of the time.The bottom line , at least for me , is I wish I had n't bought this pad ... it 's pretty though .
 In haste , I bought the first keyboard wrist pad under $ 10 I could find here on amazon.com figuring `` they are all the same '' but to my disappoint , they are not . This Kensington wrist pillow looks like its built for good construction , but the foam used inside does not support -LRB- push back -RRB- against my wrist as much as I need it to . At first it feels like it does , but over hour , my wrists sink down into it and the support feels just as if I 've used this pad for YEARS when in actually I 've only used it 20 mins ! My work around is it repeatedly flip the pad around , sort of like rotating your car tires , to rest my wrists on a another section of the the pad , but I feel you should n't have to do that with a product . For the same price , keep shopping and you will find one that does the job .
 this wrist guard is OK , but it 's NOT as pictured and it 's a bit too small and not that great . annoying .
 I did n't even order this , I ordered a combo GEL wrist pad and mouse pad , and this arrived in place of the mouse pad . I did n't want it , and it was about as comfortable as cardboard anyway . I sent it back promptly .
 I 'm on my second one of these , and it does provide good wrist support and help diminish the pain I would experience after long hours at the keyboard . But both of the Kensington keyboard wrist pads I have owned have lasted only a couple of months before the black outer material starts seperating from the base and peeling back to expose the gel material underneath . I would n't buy another one and am going to try another brand .
 the amazon picture above is not what they are selling , above picture shows a pad with uniform width the full length , but what they send is a kensington pad with one side for letter keys and one side for numbers with a curbed break in the pad between the two . not uniform .
 The sharpener had to be `` babied '' and took far too much time & effort to get a proper point . Sharpening a number of pencils was a troublesome affair when the purpose of an electric sharpener is to make quick , efficient work of the task . The sharpener did not live up to most of the reviews so I am prone to believe the problem was with this particular unit.The folks at Restockit were terrific about resolving the issue and I intend to purchase from them again .
 I 've used these pens before , so I know they work just fine and the ink should glide right out of the tip . But out of the entire box of pens I got from Amazon , most were dried and faulty . I had to send them back . Disappointed , b/c I do a lot of Amazon shopping and usually most of their stuff is great . I would n't waste your time buying these pens here , though .
 I ordered two reams of paper for publication purposes . Unfortunately , the corners of the paper were so bent at least 10 % of the paper was unusable . I did receive a prompt reply from customer service when I brought this to their attention and they very quickly sent me a new ream , which I appreciated . Unfortunately , 90 % of that ream was unusable . I have no experience with their other products , but I would not order paper from this company again .
 I do n't even use it anymore , did n't think it was that great . I got a gel rest from fellows , a lot better ...
 The shape conforms perfectly to the designer 's hands , but unless you share the same DNA , I 'd avoid this product . I 've used many of these over the years and this is the only one I struggled with . Constantly shifting it to get it 's high and low points in a place that was tolerable . I finally reversed it , pointing it towards me and it worked a little better . This just needs to be a simple pad . Instead , they 've overdesigned it as a gimmick .
 i agree with the other reviews . the have a bad smell that hasnt went away and it has been about two weeks now . there isnt much filling to give very much support and the material is very itchy and annoying . i reccomend teh fellowes mouse and wrist pads . they have much more of teh gel filling and teh surface is smooth and cool . not itchy . and they dont have a smell ! not even when you first open it . they seem like much better quality for ur money .
 My company bought me one of these earlier in the year and upon receiving it I got an instant headache from the overhwelming chemical smell . I had to put it in the utility room for a month let it outgas . Within a couple of months after using it , it started falling apart with rips and tears everywhere . Finally threw it out.I asked the company to buy me a new one but from a different manufacturer . Well , they did n't . I got the same brand . Again , had to let it outgas for several weeks . Then , it ruptured within a week of starting to use it ! ooey gooey chemical stuff started flowing out.The first one I got did not allow the goo to escape when it broke , but this must be a new design . Lucky me . Going in the garbage right now .
 I work as a graphic designer and web developer and I am at my computer most of the day . This particular wrist rest was working just fine until it inexplicably ruptured and the greasy , snotty goo started coming out of the crimped edge near my left hand . Now it 's going in the garbage . Shame , too , it was comfy while it lasted .
 This paper is okay but for two things.On the plus side , it is a nice bright -LRB- but not too bright -RRB- warm white that takes ink well with no significant bleed-through . But there are two things that kill this paper for practical use . There is a Kodak trademark printed in the lower-left hand corner of one side of the sheet . The intention is good
 This phone was of very poor design . If trying to hold on shoulder phone would hang up . If picking up near the volumn control on side of handset phone would hand up . No redial on phone . Did not like this phone at all . Have returned .
 After about 15 minutes of use , voice quality rapidly deteriorates to the point that conversation is impossible . It then stays in that state for at least a day . Returning it to Amazon .
 I bought this phone as a christmas present for my mom who 's old one stopped working . I loved the look of this one and all the features it had . . she chargesd it and checked the connections but it does n't work . . only the speaker phone works . . so dissapointing . . is it too much to ask that a phone actually work ?? i should have bought a uniden like the one i have , its ' worked great for 6 years never a problem
 I bought this phone because my old one was pooping out . This phone does n't work . The handset will not charge . I assume the battery that came with it is bad , or possibly the whole handset is defective . The base works very well , but is not really useful without a handset . I will contact the seller next week -LRB- it 's Saturday -RRB- to try to resolve this problem . But I would n't recommend this phone from this seller since the components clearly have not been checked . Luckily , my old phone started working again , at least for the time being .
 I purchased this phone through ANTOnline . -LRB- AT&T ; E5917 -RRB- . The answering system is OK but the cordless handset was defective . I contacted AT&T ; and we both determined -LRB- AT&T ; and I -RRB- that they phone was defective and they told me I had to contact ANTOnline . I contacted ANTOnline and they told me to contact AT&T ; directly , so I tried emailing AT&T. ; After giving AT&T ; information back and forth in the email they told me to contact them through the phone . And around and around it goes . I can not waste anymore of my time for a $ 10 handset . I am very disappointed in AT&T ; and find that their customer service is not what it used to be . So let the buyer beware -- can not return defective items !!!!
 I bought this because it had multiple handsets and seemed like a good buy . After the first year we started having troubles , and now into the 3rd year only the main base and one handset work . It 's not as simple as just replacing the rechargeable battery either , unfortunately . If you want cheap , with multiple handsets , and can afford to replace every few years , this was okay . Otherwise , spend the money and look elsewhere for more reliable equipment .
 I purchased `` AT&T ; E5917 - 5.8 GHz Exxpandable Cordless Answering System with Dial-In-Base Speakerphone '' recently , but it was defective . The handset did not work ... only the base part worked . So I requested for exchange . But they said there is no exchange , so I have to return on my own return shipping money . It was big money for nothing for me.So , if you are lucky to get the right product , you are fine . But if anything wrong with the product , then you end up paying the return shipping charge without any of your mistake . So i would not recommend people to buy anything from this merchant . There are many other merchants who take full responsibility if product is defective .
 The AT&T cordless phone would have been great ... if the seller -LRB- Antonlin.com -RRB- had not sent a dead battery . Seller would not replace battery therefore , I had to purchase a new one at a cost of $ 14.95 . The product itself now works fine . I would avoid buying from this seller , Antonline.com
 I purchased this phone because it had all the features I wanted like a speaker base , upright cordless handset , speaker mute , etc. . However , the handset does not work at all . I charged if for over a day , followed the troubleshooting advice , but still is completely dead . I am not sure if it is just the battery pack in the handset , or the entire handset that is bad . ANTOnline will not work with me on replacement parts - I can only return the phone . I called AT&T , and they said that it is not a supported phone anymore , and can not help me with technical assistance or replacement parts ! I guess I 'll have to return the phone since I do n't want to try purchasing replacement parts that may or may not be the solution ... what a pain . This seller -LRB- ANTOnline -RRB- should be ashamed of themselves for selling a product that is completely faulty . After reading other reviews , it seems like I am not the only one out there that has had this problem .
 I purchased this item to hold files in my office.It is very flimsy , and did n't last a month . I DO NOT recommend this item for purchase .
 Download their software and could never get it to work as the label number did n't match anything on MSword ... So I hunted and hunted on Word and found a size that worked . . I wasted a ton of time on this and not to happy . .
 The envelope containing the labels shows a THREE LINE ADDRESS.It even says use Template 8167 to obtain the THREE LINE ADDRESS LABEL.It 's a scam . The actual label barely holds 2 lines of print.These people should be sued for false advertising .
 These labels are too small for me to use as return address labels . Plus , they would n't work with my computer . I wish Avery would make some that are 2.5 x .75 inches . They 're either these small ones , or bigger ones for addressing -- not RETURN address .
 These labels are too small for return address ' . They could work with postcards , but not much else .
 Oh how I wish I could find on of those old , heavy , solid metal memo holders . I need something that has a firm , tight line guide on it that will clearly mark one horizontal line . This is n't it . The line guide is loose and sloppy and will not stay horizontal . It falls off easily , and in fact in a few weeks it was broken . I 've resorted to using a rubber band as my line guide which I guess is better than nothing . But I certainly do n't think this was worth the price .
 I used it on my Epson Photo 960 using the `` Glossy Photo Paper '' option as the paper type -LRB- this could have had something to do with it -RRB- . The photos were very wrinkled up due to the thinness of the paper . Better to go with Premium Glossy paper or Premium Semi-gloss . Theres a big difference .
 Its made of flimsy plastic , and all the parts snap on . I 'm afraid to put a heavy book on there , because I 'm sure the parts will just snap off .
 This stand may be good for pamphlets , ring-bound manuals , magazines and typing sheets but definitely not for text books . It is unstable and the page holders ca n't hold any page open for even a nano second . Try the The Easi-Reader Bookstand orMighty Bright Folding/Adjustable Book Holderinstead .
 Ok for books that stay open by themselves , less than about 2 inches thick . Works okay as a laptop holder if the laptop is around 5 lb or less . Page holder clippy things fall off .
 looks great until it arrives.its not strong enough to hold my book , it falls down every time!it is very fragile plastic and seems to be able to break easily.im very dissapointed !
 In the ten minutes since I 've had it out of the box two pieces have fallen off . More importantly , It ca n't handle large manuals as advertised . -LRB- The reason I purchased this particular book holder -RRB- My 1000 page manual only fits if you happen to only want to read the middle chapter . Based on that I estimate that this is a totally worthless product to anyone needing to go through a manual or training book more than five or six hundred pages . If you do n't anticipate needing it for a book that big then just glue the rubber feet on , keep an eye on the page retainers -LRB- these are the parts that fell off -RRB- and you should be ok . As for me , I 'm off to read Amazon 's return policy and see if I can get rid of this useless hunk of plastic .
 From the perspective of one whose only hand suffers from both arthritis and Carpal Tunnel Syndrome , I rate the ROBERTS BOOK HOLDER , the BOOK BUTLER , and the Fellowes Book Lift Copyholder in 4 areas :1 . Ease of putting a book in the holder2 . Ease of turning pages3 . Holder 's ability to keep book open4 . Major Strength/weaknessHowever , I will first describe the ROBERTS BOOK HOLDER , the BOOK BUTLER , and theFellowes Book Lift Copyholder : The ROBERTS BOOK HOLDER occupies 7.5 x 14 inches of table space , does not provide any elevation , but does permit placement of pegs at various widths and depths . It is very stable , and can not tip over . Its pegs are not parallel to the book 's pages , and are about 1 inch high.The BOOK BUTLER occupies about 7 inches of width and about 8 in depth . Its pegs are 3/4 inch high , and the pegs are parallel to the pages , which means there is only a very minor chance of pages slipping past the pegs . This would only happen if the book was very stiff or if it were a hardback whose cover extended much more than 3/16th of an inch below the bottom of the pages . It has springs to hold its pegs snugly against the pages . The BB also elevates the book about 2 inches above the tabletop . Its metal rod may be inserted to hold books at two different angles
 This bookstand , despite the description , is not suitable for heavy books . If you put heavy books on this , the stand that props up the whole unit is likely to snap off .
 Even though the bookstand is made of fairly sturdy plastic , the page hooks -LRB- 2 plastic flip ups to position the both pages on the stand when you position the book on the book stand -RRB- get loose after a few months of use . Now , it can not even hold the page in place . What good does it do if I have to hold the page manually or put some make-shift item to position the page while using this book stand . I will go with more sturdier wire mesh type of book stand for the next purchase . I do n't recommend this book stand because of the flimsy plastic flip-ups .
 Oddly enough i found this product on amazon while searching for something to replace it . I suppose i should warn people.This at best holds thin books . Anything that has any recoil -LRB- books that close themselves -RRB- , and its uselss . im not talking spring loaded , just plain paper back books.The good : Adjustable , collapsable.The bad : rarely holds pages secure.easy to break.definitely not worth 11 $ . think i got mine for 5 at office depot .
 The product I received was labeled as Fellowes Booklift Copyholder 21100 . The plastic was bending too much to hold a large textbook -LRB- 113/4 '' tall x 25/8 '' wide -RRB- . It did not hold open the pages of a new paperback book . The only thing it held ok was a well used textbook that was 91/2 '' tall x 13/8 '' wide . When I purchased this I also purchased a PhiferReader which holds all three items -LRB- above -RRB- perfectly . I prefer the PhiferReader .
 One of the bottom click keeps coming out of the joint and doesnt stay in . Seems some serious flaw in the design .
 This is way overpriced for what you 're getting . Yes it does the job , but when out of the box the fellowe 's logo already fell off , and the tabs to hold your pages keep coming off it just gets annoying .
 The web page indicated that it was an adult chair and we received a child 's chair . Neither Amazon nor the vendor wanted to take responsibility of the mistake . Instead of returning as I would not get the correct product by Xmas I decided to assemble and give to the kids . Piece of junk with mismatched holes , poor quality control and finishes on the product . Vendor representative admitted they are just middleman and do not control the products they sell . The vendor did give me the opportunity to return chairs but as they are already assembled and glued per instructions I am not sure how it will be boxed . Am hesitant to buy from them again and will dissuade as many as I can from buying from them . The hassle is not worth it . Displeased with Amazon response to same . Thinking twice about Internet Xmas shopping . Some works and some does not . Only buy from reputable who stand behind their products .
 I have never received the personal printer.I did receive a package from Jerry Silva which did not contain what I had orderes and I retruned it the same day.He had four products in a package that I had not ordered . I have no idea what happened . I hope I can get a complete refund . What I thought I ordered was an Avery 4151 Personal label printer . Anyway , the Jerry Silva Store will receive the complete 12 lb package in the mail.Rupert Bowler
 I bought this to replace a gel wrist support pad that 's losing it 's fabric covering due to age . So I ordered a new one . I received it today and I was disappointed that it 's too darn hard . It 's not comfortable at all for me , cheaper to throw it away then bother returning it . If you like your wrist support hard you 'll love this .
 I used this for 1 week only . The gel at the edges where you rest your wrist just went in - kind of punctured . On the 8th day the cover tore and the cushion/gel started coming out . This is of extremely poor quality and mine seemed fake . expected more my Belkin . Amazon however is sending me a replacement . They really have very good customer service .
 We had two , both came apart within two months . Comfortable while they lasted , but surely would n't be buying again .
 would be nice if it lasted , but within 2 months , the gel stuff started falling out , the whole thing becoming an ugly blob . I 'm going with a different brand next time .
 I bought this few months ago and loved it for the first 4 months . Great product but does not last as the top material is wrinkled after only a few months of use and is more of a nuisance than help right now . I guess for the price it will only last you a few months .
 I have used this product for less than two month . I have owned it for about three months but say less than two months because I do not sit at my PC every day as would an Adm. Assistant . The seam has failed and the stuffing is squeezing out . The wave design IMHO is just an excuse to skimp on materials , and cheap materials at that ! I 've had other products which lasted two years before the seal holding the stuffing failed . The stuffing consists of a thin rectangle of foam surrounded by a softer dense foam which feels like semi-dried latex chalking . Better products have a solid core of silicon jel which cushions the wrist while retaining it 's shape for years . I may as well just be using the neoprene backing at this point .
 Same review as for the mouse rest - I bought this wrist keyboard pad along with the accompanying mouse wrist pad for my office . Shortly after , I noticed a horrible smell emanating throughout my office -LRB- almost like paint or paint thinner -RRB- . It was so bad I reported the smell to my building management ! No one could figure out what it was -LRB- including my office mate -RRB- and the smell was only in my office . I was getting headaches it was so overwhelming ! I then started to realize that the smell was staying on my hands when I left my office . This prompted me to turn my new wrist-pads over and smell them , and when I did , BINGO !!! There is a strong , paint-like smell that emanates from these wrist pads ! It was so overwhelming for me -LRB- even after a week -RRB- ! I am honestly shocked that these wrist-pads could cause my whole office to smell in this way . I can not be sure that whatever is causing this smell is toxic , but for me , it was completely unpleasant , made me dizzy , and was starting to give me headaches . I am sad because I purchased one of these keyboard wrist rests years ago for my previous office and did not have this problem -LRB- which is why I ordered new ones for my new office -RRB- . This time around I did though and had to return both promptly . The pads themselves do the trick of relieving stress on your wrists , but unfortunately , if you are sensitive to smells , I can not recommend that you purchase this product .
 The wrist pad I brought a couple of months ago had a terrible smell when I purchased it and the smell is still there but not as strong . Now the gel is coming out at the seams . I can not use the wrist rest and I tried to fix it but it can not be fixed . I would not recommend this item .
 Update to below
 Make sure you pay attention to the fact that this is shaped asymmetrically . I have used it for over a week but can not get comfortable because my wrists do n't rest evenly , so I 'm buying the straight 3M rest now .
 I bought this item at a retail store primarily because it was similar to a good wrist rest from another brand which I use at work and it was cheaper than most of the others the store had to offer . Being on a budget , price played a large part in the choice . However , within about a week of use , the gel pad inside seemed to have begun to shrink up as the cover became increasingly loose and wrinkled up , too big for what was underneath . I 've only been using the item a couple of months and the cloth cover has begun to come loose from the base of the pad . I guess you get what you pay for . * smirk * I definitely do not recommend this item because its construction leaves much to be desired in quality .
 It smelled really bad when I first got it but after awhile the smell when away but after 3 months the fabric started to separate and create bubbles and winkles where you would rest your wrists and now 3 months later the fabric has come off the edges exposing the insides .
 Poorly made product , does not offer much comfort , I returned it fast , and would not recommend this to other people
 I was pretty disappointed with this one . My coworker had a gel pad for his keyboard that was soft like a cloud for your wrists , which made me go looking for one . Unfortunately I found this one . This was not soft . It 's barely even squishy . It takes a great deal of force for it to give at all , making it about as useful as a 2x4 . I do not recommend
 Pad was comfortable and worked well ; however , was made in China and had an odor that bothered my sinus . Had to return item for a refund .
 Great look , very comfortable and firm . However , like others have noted , the most cushiony parts collapsed after awhile -LRB- the places where my wrists generally sit -RRB- and eventually the lower left corner split . I super glued it back together but the glue actually ate away at the inner foam , causing a toxic gas to react ! So I stopped that and have been sitting with an open seam and small bits of foam falling out now and again . If the seam had now opened , I would have dealt with the indentations for a long time , the firmness and comfort are that good . Oh well . Time to try a new brand and see if it holds up ...
 This is too thin to provide wrist support while using a standard pc keyboard . My wrists began hurting within minutes . In order to get any use whatsoever from it I have to place it on top of the old bead filled wrist rest it was meant to replace . This wrist rest would need to be almost twice as thick to provide support .
 I bought one of these a year ago but recently I 've been noticing the stuffing is all over my desktop.The sides are sewn , rather poorly I might add and the gel that is inside spills out like a leaky bean bag chair.Who knows if this stuff is toxic or not.Why not make a solid foam pad that will stand up to normal use ?
 I bought this to replace another gel wrist rest . I could n't tell which brand it was and did n't realize that all `` gel '' material was not created equally . Too bad I already opened up the clam shell casing and could n't return it . The shape does n't bother me but the gel seems underfilled . It sinks inward in the center of the wrist rest . I am going to give this one to my 4 year old to use for his netbook since it is also not long enough for my 17 inch laptop . I am going to keep on looking for a better option . I really regret purchasing the cheaper option . P.S. . The other reviewers were right about the smell radiating from the product . Hopefully it airs out soon .
 I was very disappointed to learn that this product came from another company with another return policy . Not only was the shipping almost 100 % cost of the item but then it came damaged and I now have to spend money to return it ! I was on the phone with customer service and they would not credit without the damaged item nor offer shipping . I found Computer Brain to be inflexible with this situation and Amazon is completely out of the loop and no help .
 Product was poorly constructed at the seams . Within about a year the seams opened and the gel like material started to flow out . On the positive side it is comfortable . however , given poor build quality , can not recommend .
 Works fine , but strong toxic-smelling fumes out of the box that only gradually start to fade -LRB- but do n't go away -RRB- . I threw mine out as I do n't want my family breathing this stuff - getting a 3M for a few more bucks .
 I ordered this product and never recieved it . THEN , when I called to find out what happened I was given the runaround and I had to call at LEAST 15 time-no exaaggeration . Office Depot told me to call Amazon told me to call Ups told me to call Office Depot and so on.I STILL never recieved my order and I at least got my money back after over a month of bull .
 only .5 '' high not 1 `` fabric is not durable , wears through and hard to keep cleanother than obvious lack of function due to height , no leaks , does not stiffen up over timeInnovera is a better brand
 I ordered this from Amazon because it states in the product information -LRB- dimensions -RRB- that the wrist rest is 21 '' long . I wanted something long enough for both keyboard and mouse . Unfortunately when I opened the box I found that it is only 18 '' long -- 181/2 '' if you include the edges -LRB- where there is no padding -RRB- . Useless for my needs , waste of money ; the old , battered wrist rest I have will still have to serve me as no one makes a decent sized one anymore.This Belkin product is so skinny that it probably would n't have been very comfortable anyway.My advice
 This wrist rest is a complete waste of money . It is terribly noisy , it crinkles like there is a plastic bag half deflated inside of it . It smells of a strong plastic/chemical odor - it actually gave me a headache within just a few minutes of having it in front of me . It feels like half of the gel is missing . It is NOT comfortable . Oh and I went to return it and both Amazon and the USPS wanted to charge me $ 9 to return a $ 10 item . Like hell if I am going to pay that much instead of throwing the piece of crap away . Do not waste your money . Look at other items . Buyer Beware !!!
 Same problem as the mouse pad : Sincerely , I 've read a number of comments saying this thing is too hard , and as it is not too expensive , I thought I might give it a try . It is definitely much too hard -LRB- is it realy gel inside ? It feels more like dense foam or rubber ... -RRB- I do n't think I will get used to it as the thing is supposed to take the shape of the wrist and not the opposit . In fact , even after half an hour of use , my right wrist is already slowly getting uncomfortable warm and it seems also that the stiffness of that thing increases the friction on the synthetic surface . So I 'm already looking for another real wrist rest ... And forgot to add
 I purchased this product to replace my previous gel wrist rest that had finally worn out after many months of use . This pad was n't as good as I hoped it to be . First , the product did not give off a bad odor when I removed it from the box , as others have stated . But the gel is very firm and not very comfortable . I really wanted it to feel like gel , but instead it feels like a dry sponge . I primarily use wrist rests for my elbow . Within two days , I already had a permanent indentation where my elbow commonly rests . After a month of use , I have permanent places on the rest where it has bottomed out all the way . To be fair , it is a wrist rest , so I guess it is n't designed for elbows . The positives are that the neoprene outside is sturdy and the edges seem to hold well -LRB- so far -RRB- . But if you are looking for a gel rest that feels like soft gel , this is n't the product . I am already looking for a replacement for this one after only a month of use .
 I use a wrist support to protect my arms from rough wood on the edge of my desk . I purchased this based on good results from Belkin products . Unfortunately , this product does not measure up . The foam in the rest collapses as soon as you put any weight on it . I bought a matching mouse pad with wrist rest at the same time . The cushion on the mouse pad works fine .
 This thing fell apartment after maybe a month of use . It just ca n't handle the WPM 's I 'm throwing out there on the keyboard . Save your money and get a mirror for your cube instead so you wo n't be surprised by the ninjas who sneak up behind you .
 I bought this belkin wrist pad from Frys 3 weeks ago and the fumes that come off this have still not gone away ! Small children who 's faces are much closer to the keyboard will inhale much more . The odor is a strong chemical smell , like glue or paint , which will give me a head ache after only a few minutes sitting near it . Do n't buy this !
 In a word , the Belkin wrist rest SUCKS !! It is as hard as the petrified one I got rid of , it is narrow and it is half as deep as the one I had before . Also , it has some kind of depression in it on the left hand end , so whatever gel is in it does n't help at all there . Since there were no other selections available for gel wrist rests , I could not `` divine '' all of this from pic and product description . A bargain NOT !! I am looking for a replacement , NOT where I got this one , fer shur . And , I am highly disappointed in this offering from Amazon -- this was my first foray into purchasing non book items from Amazon . And oh -- ergonimic ?? -- NO WAY !!
 I 've had this wrist wrest at work for a little under a year now . Amazon says I ordered it on September 9 , 2009 . When I first got it , I noticed that the gel on the inside was in two pieces laterally along the length of the wrist wrest -LRB- it is supposed to be one piece -RRB- . It did n't really effect the function of it so I did n't waste my money returning it . About 6 months ago , the seams around the outside opened and let tiny white pieces of gel substance come out -LRB- even though its supposed to be one gel unit inside -RRB- . I had to glue it back together . Now , any place I did n't glue it , the seams are ripping . Its now basically held together with glue and the gel on the inside is disintegrating -LRB- drying up and cracking -RRB- . It sounds like I may have gotten a bad unit as many of the other reviews here are good.Basically , the unit has been shrinking , drying up , and ripping at the seams slowly over time . The product is cheaply made .
 Wonderful very comfortable wrist rest with a durability problem . You must be careful not to position your elbow on the left side when relaxing or the pressure will eventually cause the seam to open and the gel to escape . The covering fabric is glued down when it should be stitched so it will separate . Otherwise the gel covered foam inside is firm yet soft . How do I know what 's inside ? Because two of them have torn open so far . Yuck , gooey gel ! I think that 2 stars is appropriate . Belkin should use a better glue .
 Why is it shaped so there is little or no support for the right wrist ? I would recommend getting something else . This support is just not useful - apparently the person who designed this must type with one hand . If it was not such a hassle to return the item to Amazon I would .
 It is past the time I can return this product , or I would . I bought this In Febuary of this year 2012 , and I am not on my computer all that much , I mainly do face book & emails , so by no means was I hard on this , but about a 2 weeks ago it started to make like a crinkle notice everytime wrist rested on it . All the gel that was in it seems to all have dis appeared or something . It did not leak out , but there is no gel left in it . It 's not useful anymore . I would not waste your money on this one . I have tried to contact the seller , but I guess it 's past the time . But I have only had it & used it very lightly for 3 months .
 While not as bad as the newer Belkin mouse pads , these products are also made with a chlorinated hydrocarbon solvent , and they off-gas toxic and carcinogenic fumes.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT if you value your health.Earlier production runs may not have contained the chemicals , but the current production runs do .
 Not sure what the purpose of the wave is . I replaced another old warn out gel wristrest with this one and it does not compare . The right hand sit 's in the ` wave ' and is not nearly as supported as the left . Depending on if you have a number pad or not etc that wave could really be inthe wrong location . Will resume my search for one more like the one I replaced .
 I had the old `` non-easy peel '' labels and the always worked fine with my printer . I have an HP C7100 inkjet printer which has been printing faithfully for the last 3 years -LRB- not bad for a printer these days ! -RRB- . I am still looking for the older style labels so that I wo n't have to hand address our 100 + holiday cards ...
 I use these labels with `` Poly Bubble '' mailers to ship items . Twice in the last couple of months I 've had items returned because the labels came off at some point during shipping . The mailers I 'm using are brand new and have a smooth surface ; there is no reason an address label should n't stick to them . It 's possible these labels work better with paper-based envelopes and mailers , but I no longer trust these labels and am in the process of looking for an alternative .
 I love these labels but the package I got was way below standards . Half of the labels are unusable b/c they were ripped and bent . Not a happy customer at all . Normally I love these labels -LRB- the ones I bought in the store -RRB- but the ones amazon sent me were far below acceptable standards ...
 Compared with the same size Avery labels of different spec , you pay more than twice for this easy-peel feature per label.Avery Easy Peel White Mailing Labels for Laser Printers , 1 x 2-5/8 Inches , Box of 3000 Labels -LRB- 5160 -RRB- . The easy-peel feature is simply a strip-away of remaining pieces on the paper . It then offers you '' Pop-up Edge for fast peeling '' . I do n't think it is worth the extra charge at all . Go get the basic one . You will be very happy with it .
 I tried this product and liked it , but tried to call Avery to gather more information on their products and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs to Manilla , Philippines !!! On their web site , Avery give the appearance that they are located in Brea , California , but in reality all of their consumer inquires , information on their products , software support , and general questions are all routed to the Philippines . I was not able to connect with anyone in the USA after more than 30 minutes on the phone with several different people in Manilla.In addition , all of their products are manufactured in either Mexico or China . I am hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with any their products . ************************************************** My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the `` Consumer Service Center '' in Manilla : I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0 to help me make the labels . It took some time to download and install , but well worth the time . The wizard was easy to use . Once you down load the software there will be a new toolbar in Microsoft Word . You simply click the Avery button and it gives you a comprehensive list of all of the Avery products -LRB- listed by product number -RRB- . After that is takes you through a few easy-to-understand wizard windows to enter the text and layouts your labels . Once completed , you have a MS-Word document that you can save on your computer and reprint if needed . I was able to make address labels with a small graphic quite quickly and easily.Even though these are listed for use on a Laser printer , I used them on my ink-jet printer and they turned out quite well . Even after roughing up the label by crunching it up , it stayed clear and legible . The `` Easy Peel '' backing allows you to reposition or remove the label although it does hold in place and will not easy fall off .
 I 've used these labels in Clear for years , and ink from my B&W laser printer stuck to them like glue . But these paper labels ca n't seem to hang on to it . By the time I press the label down to the envelope , there are smudge marks everywhere .
 Ivory is not a good color for business cards . We should have gone with white . We put a picture on the cards and white would have made the color of the business stand out more .
 The Cards do not keep the ink from a laser toner , so it comes off very easily from the cards .
 Labels worked great for my needs but the original price was 19.98 on sale for 9.98 so I bought it without checking around . Checked today and Walmart is 7.44
 I have purchase these labels 2 different times and I will never buy them again . I have an HP photosmart C7200 series printer and every time I feed a page of these labels through it , small pieces of the lablel paper come loose inside and end up jamming my printer . It is very frustrating when it takes over 1/2 hour to print half a page of labels , because of the jams . I have changed to white labels and they do not cause the same problem .
 These labels are NOT clear . They are `` frosted '' looking unless you are using them on already white or ivory colored paper . I just hung up from Avery and this IS the best product they have for ink jet printing , in terms of clear labels , however the word `` frosted '' came from Avery as they were describing the issue . They said if you use it on anything `` colored '' it will appear frosted.The cover of the product envelope shows a label on a tannish paper . It does not appear frosted on that . I explained I really and truly needed CLEAR labels . They did not have any alternate product to offer , and so I am getting a refund and mailing them the unused labels -LRB- they will reimburse shipping also -RRB- . What a pain !! Now , to search for some truly clear labels that do n't cost $ 60 per package !
 I bought this game as a wedding present for my friends . I loved the concept and could n't wait to make a special gift for my friends ! But actually creating the board is MUCH harder than the instructions make it out to be.First , it was extremely difficult to find a way to print the photos . Everywhere I called told me that they could n't print photos that small . A few tried to help me find a better solution , but in the end I ended up having to print all the photos myself and use up a ton of ink . It also did n't help that my printer kept making the pictures so dark that it was just a giant dark blob . I ended up having to print out some pictures up to a dozen times just to try to get it so that it 's some-what recognizable.Second
 I thought that this would be a great product to buy for a family member who lives far from us . And I thought it was would be fun for them to get a little piece of `` home '' in a fun way . However , I have had the game for a few weeks now and I am unable to find any way to get the pictures to the size they need to be for the game . I have gone to numerous places , even emailed the company asking if they had any idea where to get the pictures made to the size of 1in . X 11/3 in . And they did n't have any answer for me . So I have been so disappointed that I am unable to use the game if I ca n't figure out a way to make the pictures . There does n't seem to be a way to crop the pictures on my computer either . So therefore , the game is still sitting in the box . I would n't recommend this game unless you know that you can get the sizes you want , for sure .
 Do not buy . It 's to expensive , there are many others papers high qualityfor much less
 This is my 3rd order from this company but this time the product has changed , at first it appeared like the same product just a different shade of color , but when attempting to use these mailers , they are next to impossible to separate the two pieces and open the envelope . It IS possible but so much time is spent dealing with this issue , I must return and find an alternate supplier . When contacting the seller they admitted the problem but had nothing to exchange with so I had to return and order from another seller . I would recommend the seller but ask about the mailers before ordering .
 I received these poly mailers very quickly using Amazon Prime . They are very sturdy . However , like another buyer said , they are stuck together and you have to carefully pull them apart before using . This is very irritating and time consuming which is a problem when there are many packages to send out . I will be buying somewhere else next time .
 Very disappointed after receiving these shipping bags.I had ordered some in the past from the same company , and these were much less sturdy and tear very easily.Wish I hand ' t used some ... or they 'd be returned .
 I purchased these a few weeks ago to store my DVD and Blu-Ray cases neatly away in the closet . The cases are sturdy , but I received one with the snaps missing on one of the back corners . Specifically , the female snaps were missing the insets that create the pressure on the other matching snaps . They still work , but for a 16.99 item I do n't think it 's worth going through the hastle of returning these for replacement . They are usable until I find something better ...
 Boxes are nice looking , and I love that they are 50 % post consumer . However , they do n't stay snapped . If you snap them and put them away , they are fine , but if you pick them up and touch near the corners at least one snap pops open .
 Wow , how anyone can give this 5 stars is WAY beyond me . It 's the most expensive paper I 've ever purchased . Not even as sturdy as the box it was shipped in - I was afraid it would rip apart just pulling it out of the wrapper . I returned it almost as soon as I got it open . What a complete waste of time and money - spare yourself the agony and pass this by .
 The buttons on these will not stay snapped . I bought these to hold my kids video games , but the buttons kept coming undone and of course the games would fall into the floor . Hope this helps
 Excellent for controlling that messy DVD collection -LRB- just be sure to keep a master list or database of DVD location ! -RRB- . The boxes snap together in seconds . They seem flimsy but once filled are firm enough to stack 2 or 3 high ; I would n't try for higher . These are the cheapest solution for DVD storage that looks well , but since inexpensive , they are rather fragile . Despite some ads that refer to ` leather ' these are made of library paper over cardboard - so do n't get them wet , and do n't drag them over each other or the paper will fray . Caution
 I love the idea of these . Storage boxes do n't need to be super fancy or anything , but if it 's a snap that is holding the box together , perhaps it would be good to have the snaps line up ? Got two boxes . One snap on each box did n't work . Luckily I had some black duct tape so I just taped the box together . But now what COULD have looked halfway decent when displayed looks pretty cheap . I still like the boxes , just be aware that there may be some problems when you put them together .
 My business parter and I spent a whole day and many T-shirts trying to trouble-shoot this product . Also , searched WWW to find help , but even website on package back had no information . Ink transfers very unevenly , even pulling off fabric in the process of peeling backing off . We never did get a good print of anything larger than 3 by 1-inch logo . Full size transfers too inferior to even consider , and we are professional artists !!
 Small images transfers -- 3x3 inches and such -- come out decently . However , larger pictures -- 1/2 page and greater -- come out poorly . The ink does n't get transferred to the t-shirt , and there are white spotches throughout the transferred image . I ca n't tell if I ironed too much or too little -LRB- even after I followed the instructions to the letter -RRB- but if it 's this delicate of a process , it 's not worth my time . I 'll wait until I find another brand that does the same thing without all the fuss .
 Epson Photo Quality Self-adhesive Sheets do not fit/feed through inject printer at all . All they do is jam up printer despite me going through great length to make sure i got a product that was same brand as my printer -LRB- epson artisan 50 series -RRB- and a product that was advertised to work with my printer . Both products , the printer and the paper , advertise working with one another and yet they do not . All instructions followed , paper size , quality set . 1 page loaded at a time only per instructions , 1 page does not fit . does not feed . if you force feed it to get it to start printing , it does n't feed through the printer at all without force cause it 's too think for printer wheel to move it.Unfortunately when we ordered this product we ordered it in bulk on assumption epson did n't lie about supported products . Here 's hoping amazon will be kind enough to take all the unopened packages back .
 Unfortunately , these sheets are n't very sticky . The print quality was great , but I have done nothing but fight over attempting to keep my labels on my product .
 I have had several Epson printers and love their products and inks . I currently have the 1280 6 color dye based inkjet printer . I tried their self adhesive papers to design my own address labels , etc. . They do n't stick that well and is easily removed and the colors are n't that great . To call it `` Photo Quality '' is a joke . I tried the Avery self adhesive paper and it is awesome , both with photos and vector based graphics . Much better . Sticks better . Brilliant colors , and I ran water over it and the ink does not run when printed on that paper , although small 10 pt text is not as sharp as the Epson paper . Because of that I will not gamble on Epson iron on transfer paper and will trust the Avery brand . I 'm sticking with Avery .
 We purchased this phone and have been disappointed with it . You ca n't hear very clearly and feel like you are straining your ears to hear the other person talk -LRB- not static -RRB- it sounds like the other person is very far away . The battery also does n't last long off the hook . So I guess you get what you pay for .
 These business cards are TERRIBLE !!! I purchased them to create unit cards for my language arts class -- activities that I planned to laminate and use over and over again . The cards did not separate properly and looked very messy . I will not purchase these again .
 Do n't be fooled like I was . These are not Dymo-brand labels . They are generic.The product info page lists the Brand as `` Dymo '' but this is not correct . The labels do not come in a Dymo box . They do not have the Dymo logo on the back . They are generic labels . Be warned .
 What I received looked nothing like the photo . The product was not made by Dymo , not in a box but a generic plastic bag , and there was only 1 roll of labels , not the 2 that is advertised . When I contacted the seller to point this out , he never responded . I contacted Amazon for a full refund .
 ... it had n't started popping open at the seams about 1 week after I got it . Inside , there 's icky gooey stuff that spills out . I ducktaped the opening shut , and that did it for a while , but now other parts of the wrist rest are tearing open , so I guess I 'll just get a new one . I really did n't use this wrist rest very heavily and I 'm surprised and disappointed it fell apart this quickly without heavy use .
 I put in a lot of hours in front of my keyboard and a wrist rest is an absolute necessity.This is one of the worst wrist rests I 've ever used . It only lasted 3 months before I had to buy a replacement.Almost immediately , the wrist rest deformed in the area where I regularly put my wrists , making the rest rather uncomfortable.After just a couple of months , the wrist rest 's seams came open and the gel goo started coming out .
 Received this product November 28 . Today there is a 3 '' split in the seam with sticky goo oozing out of it . Permanent adhesive does n't repair the split seam . Your money would be better spent on another item .
 your gel wrist pads need to be adhered to the base with something else other then what you are currently using . I used my wrist pad for my elbow as I put my elbow on it and my palm on my chin and the gel started coming out . I had to put super glue on it to keep the gel from completely coming out . It doesnt look too good but it is working so far .
 PROS : - The gel is the most comfortable feel I 've used.-The nylon material is non-abrasive and comfortable for long periods of use-Wrist rest is heavy and will stay put-Cleaning up the goopy gel that leaks out is sticky , but leaves no residue on fingersCONS : I 've gone through 3 of these wrist rests in the last couple of years . The nylon material keeps separating from the base and then the gel is squeezed out onto the keyboard/desk/etc . I 've replaced it with a new one when I get tired of cleaning it up . The latest one I bought did n't last more than 5 months before the material separated again . I 'll be replacing it with a different brand .
 I bought my first 3M gel-filled wrist rest many years ago and was happy with it . It 's really soft and I felt very comfortable with it . So when the time came to buy a new one , I made sure I get another one just like the old one . But after using the new one for 4 months I have to say that I am disappointed . Actually , I bought two . The first one was blue . The color is not practical and it soon started to look dirty . So I bought a black one . But after a short while the gel started to have dents and therefore stopped being comfortable . On top of it , the cover material started to get separated from the base .
 I would highly reccommend that you DO NOT buy this product unless you enjoy the smell of plastic . It is strong . Normally I ignore complaints regarding smells because I figure the smell must eventually air out . So not true with this product . Yes it 's comfortable and functional . However , after almost 2 months of using it , it continues to smell strongly toxic . In fact , I 've been having problems with a sore throat and talking recently and wonder if this product may have any affect on that .
 I bought the 4 '' x 6 '' photo paper and found it had a perforated tab.What 's this dumb tab for ? I ca n't get it to come off clean.Before the HP paper I used Canon and Canon is far better!I 'll never buy HP again .
 Quality of prints is not very good . Skin looks much better on Canon paper . The back of the paper is like sand paper . The prints do n't slide and I am worried that the back of one is scratching the one below it . Like a really cheap deck of cards . The tab does not tear off very easily and leaves an ugly edge even when it does . Never buying this paper again .
 I have used many photo papers over time , and only a few of them have the weird perforated tab you have to remove after you print . It did n't bother me because I needed printer paper , and EVERY OTHER brand I have ever used tore off cleanly . Not this paper . 8 out of 10 pictures I print tear on one side . Easy to cut off , but very irritating , and it does affect the look of the picture as it looks like cheap paper . The tab is useless , and causes more harm than good . I ca n't wait to be out of this paper so I can buy the superior Kodak that I prefer to use .
 This paper is very bad . The printed images have whitespots all through the print , an edge that has to be torn off each print and it takes over a hour to dry.I have had much better prints with Cannon and Kodak paper and will be sticking with them in the future . I can not recommend this paper in any way .
 Having had great luck with HP photo paper in the past I recently bought a large quantity of their HP Premium Photo Paper . Unfortunately the quality is not the same and in my opinion it is pure junk . No matter what settings I adjust -LRB- in the past I never had to touch any settings -RRB- this paper wo n't dry and the colors all run together . I even have a professional photo printer and my photos look horrible on this paper . I even called HP Customer Service and the rep told me this is the quality of paper that is being produced by HP now . I said `` so you are basically telling me the product is crap ? '' The rep responded with `` yes ma'am '' . Nice !!
 I own a high end Canon Pixma Pro 9000 photo printer . I bought a bunch of HP Premium photo paper because it was 2 for 1 . Big mistake . The prints had a mottled pattern which was quite ugly . I thought my printer must have clogged jets because the print quality was so low . I cleaned my print heads and tested the alignment , but I kept getting same lousy quality . So I got on the phone with Canon tech support which immediately suspected the HP paper -LRB- apparently HP papers are a known problem -RRB- . They had me print the same photo on Kodak paper I also happened to have on hand and it was beautiful . The Canon tech support person told me that HP , unlike most of the other manufacturers use a different process with the result the paper surface will swell as the ink is applied to it causing image problems . I think the problem occurs with ink formulations which have water in them , but not 100 % sure.No more HP paper for me .
 I have an HP Photosmart C7280 printer that will not work with this photo paper . There is a code on the back of the paper that is used for the `` Auto Sense '' feature . This is designed so the printer can recognize which direction the paper is loaded -LRB- in case you loaded some sheets the wrong way -RRB- . Unfortunately , it is more of a problem than a help . No matter how the settings are changed on the printer , it will always print on the perforated tab and leave a blank bar at the end of the picture . I spend about an hour with tech support and they could not get the issue resolved . I strongly recommend against this product . Purchase photo paper that does not have the tab on it .
 Purchased HP photo paper , it is the worst paper ever ! Photos always sticky to the touch , it never seems to dry . Didnt even care about how color or print quality was , couldnt get past tacky feeling . Stick with Canon or Epson , I mix and match Epson and Canon paper between all my printers and its QUALITY , DRY , EXCEPTIONAL PHOTOS each time ! HP is a stinker for paper !
 I do n't get the tab . It is supposed to be for `` easy handling , '' but it is more trouble than it is worth . First , you have to make sure the paper is oriented the right way or you will get an unperforated white band at the top of the photo with a perforated tab in the bottom part of the photo . Second , the perforated tab comes out at the back end of the output tray , which means that you still have to pull the prints out by the unperforated end . The tab does not tear off cleanly , and while it might not be much trouble for one or two prints , it gets to be a lot of work to tear the tab off of 25 or 30 prints . Worst of all , tearing off the tab requires extra handling of the print . It takes a firm grip to tear it off , even after folding the perforation a few times . It is nearly impossible to tear it without putting your fingers on the face of the print . And the prints feel sticky , even after drying for a day . I gave it an extra star because the print quality is not bad , but I would never buy this paper again .
 I bought a large quntity of this paper not realizing there had been a huge change in `` premium plus '' . The quality of the prints are not usable for my work now . I called HP and asked if there was any of the old paper I could buy and was told they would ship some to me . They shipped about 15 sheets of the `` advanced '' type , not Premium Plus . Very dissatisfied and must find other paper to use now . No one seemed to care at HP .
 WARNING
 I just bought 2 packs -LRB- 200 sheets total -RRB- , after first print , I saw the photo has very low resolution in the dark color and high contrast part . I compared the same Canon photo paper pro print with HP one , it 's way better than HP Premium Photo Paper . Canon photopaper pro print quality is exact the same or better than photo lab develop.So , spend your money on something better quality than HP premiumPhoto Paper . I will never buy another HP photo paper again .
 I also encountered the white dot problem with HP Premium glossy photo paper on my HP PSC 2355 printer . I even changed my printers at Best Buy , thinking that I have a defective printer , but still the same result . The pictures look good , but the white dots are quite annoying . They are virtualy imperceptible on lighter colors , but are glaring on dark colors , especially black . I would not recommend using this paper if you have an HP printer similar to mine -LRB- 2355 , 2175 , 1315 , 1350 , etc. -RRB- . Premium PLUS paper indeed corrects this problem , but it is almost twice as expensive . -LRB- If one looks very intently the white dots are still present even on Premium plus paper , they are just not conspicuous . -RRB- Because of this , I am now thinking of returning my HP printer , even thought the overall picture quality , as well as the product reliability , is quite high .
 I just bought 2 packs -LRB- 200 sheets total -RRB- . I compared the same EPSON and Canon photo paper pro print with HP one , they are way better than HP Premium Photo Paper . EPSON ultra premium photo and Canon photopaper pro , a bit expensive but print quality are way better . And some people pointed put , perforated edge is something that was never mentioned and I would have never purchased if it was mentioned .
 For under $ 4 I should have known this offer was too good to be true and it was . Note that some of the positive reviews for this HP 4X6 paper is from NINE YEARS AGO ! What you get is a package that is obviously many years old -LRB- labeled from Mexico in the mid 2000s -RRB- . I ran one sheet through a new Epson printer than makes fabulous prints and got a picture that looked like mud with a band 1 '' wide right down the middle . Completely unusable for any purpose . Pulled another sheet out of the middle of the pack and tried again with the same result . Threw away both packages I bought , not even bothering to open the other one -LRB- not worth the time or expense to return to Amazon and I partially blame myself as I should have known better - I knew there had to be a catch and the catch is the paper is unusable -RRB- . Live and learn ! Do not waste your money . P.S. I have used newer HP paper in the Epson with fine results , so it is this particular obsolete paper , not the manufacturer -LRB- paper also has these weird tear off tabs at the bottom of each sheet - from the days when printers had to have wide margins to grab the paper -RRB- .
 I picked these up from Amazon because there seems to be a run on photo paper in my area and the prices are quite high for what I did find . All I could find locally was tabed or cheap paper the curled when printed . The description on Amazon does n't say anything about the tabs so I did n't think they had any . The only thing that give the indication that the paper has tabs is a little icon at the bottom which I did not notice when I ordered . So be warned ... . THIS IS TABED PAPER.The paper itself is nice and heavey with a textured backing . It seems to go through the printer fine without much curling . For the paper quality alone , I give it 5 stars.The tabs suck . They do not tear off clean . At best , the tabs will leave a white edge on your pictures -LRB- If you bend the tabs forward and backward before tearing off -RRB- . At worst the tabs leave little white bits where the tab did n't tear off at the perferation -LRB- If you only bend backwards or do n't bend at all -RRB- . I also generally print more than one photo at a time so going back and tearing off all the little tabs is teadious and unnecessary . With the technology in the printers today , tabed paper is no longer needed . Maybe the answer is to tear off the tabs before they go through the printer , but who want to sit and tear the tabs off 60 sheets before printing.In summary , the paper quality is excellent but the tabs make a terrible end product . A dollar a package is all this product is worth .
 I am very unhappy with the quality of this photo paper . I have used HP , Epson , Canon and Kodak paper with my Canon photo printer in the past several years and never had a problem . The lines are blurry and its just not as glossy as some of the other brands . My biggest complaint is the tab , what is it for ?? Another review I just saw said that it is for borderless printing . That does n't make any sense because all other paper and printers can print on an exact 4x6 paper with no borders and with no problems ! I have to fold the photo to perforate the tab and rip it off , which leaves a jagged edge on all of the photos . Not to mention , the printer is set to print 4x6 , yet some of the picture prints on the tab and gets ripped off , or leave it there and the photo does n't fit and has a perforated line through it . Not happy at all .
 This paper has a good thickness to it and the colors look good but it takes a ridiculous amount of time to dry . A week it says before you can even put it in a frame !
 The paper is fine , i 'm sure - but I bought the wrong size ! I thought it was 8 x 10 &#34; big .
 I wish I would have read the reviews before my purchase ! I could care less WHERE the paper came from , but it is EXPIRED . I tried to use it , and it is UNUSABLE . Do n't fall for this !
 One of the reviewers here said this chair is not made for bigger people . I am short -LRB- 5 ' 3 '' -RRB- and petite -LRB- 120 lbs -RRB- , and can tell you that this chair is apparently not made for smaller people either . I tried out a Euro Style bungie chair in a store and loved it . The only problem was that the seat did not go down low enough for me to sit with my feet flat on the ground -LRB- a common problem for us shorties -RRB- . I saw this one online and the specs said the seat went as low as 16 '' . The design looked very sharp as well , so I went ahead and ordered it.Well , not all bungee chairs are made alike , because this one feels nothing like the Euro Style in terms of support and comfort . Since my hip span is narrower than average , my weight is concentrated in the center of the cords instead of being evenly distributed , resulting in a very uncomfortable and unstable feel . If you press down on the cords closer to the plastic ends , it feels much firmer than in the middle . This is logical , but requires an even weight distribution in order to achieve a balanced seating position . Not only do the cords sag in the middle , if I sit down to hard , they hit the metal pan underneath . -LRB- I was able to bounce easily in the other chair without this occurring . -RRB- I 'm not sure if the tension of these cords is looser -LRB- it might be a bit -RRB- , but there are fewer cords than on the other brand , and there is more space in between each cord , all contributing to a lack of stability . I find myself sort of wobbling around in the seat and get the sense of `` falling through '' in between the cords when I move . Also , there is zero back support for me . The curvature of the seat back is too high for short people -LRB- another common problem -RRB- , and this is exacerbated by the fact that there are too few cords in the back , leaving a big open space at the bottom , as well as at the back of the seat , just where I need to be supported when sitting back in the chair . Needless to say , this chair does not work for me in any way and i will be returning it.I gave it two stars because the frame seems solid , it was easy to assemble , the mechanics work well , and my `` larger '' friend tried it out and found it pretty comfortable !
 The product we received was 10x13 , unlike the product described in the first review . However , these are definitely not ready seal envelopes . Not only do these not have the peel strip , the supposed `` fold and seal '' sticky material does not stick whatsoever . It is definitely moisture activated , unlike what is stated in the product description . So , while we will be able to use this product , we will also have to use envelope sealant in order to use it . We are disappointed in what we received .
 Ordered this and they sent 10x13 envelopes and so I replaced with same item and once again they sent the wrong size . Called customer service and got someone who could n't speak English . 15 minutes later they said to return them and we had to go through the trouble of dropping them off somewhere.Classic BS
 This is essentially a .39 cent plastic manual pencil sharpener on a battery powered shaft . It did n't last one day at our house . Bought a Panasonic KP-380 and love it !
 The sharpener was disappointing . It worked for a few sharpenings but then pencils got stuck and now it sharpener jagged . ca n't use it anymore : -LRB-
 I purchased this sharpener to have a portable sharpener . I liked X-Acto 's other sharpener -LRB- the Mighty Mite that plugs into the wall here : X-Acto 19500 Mighty Mite Electric Pencil Sharpener , Mineral Green , 1 Unit -RRB- . Unfortunately , the Mini Standup sharpener performs the polar-opposite of the Mighty Mite . As others have said , it 's basically a motorized $ .50 sharpener , and I have horrible luck with those manual sharpeners , it 's like every manual one that I 've owned eats up my pencils -LRB- like this one -RRB- . It does n't shave the wood around the lead smoothly , and the lead gets so exposed and breaks if I use it for more than one or two seconds . If I had known this , I would have just brought my Mighty Mite around , even though I have to plug that one in .
 Save your money -- this sharpener is a clunker . Basically a manual sharpener on a powered shaft , it is poorly designed and made . It is a challenge , at least for the first time , to get into the machine to add batteries and empty the tray . You have to figure out how to empty the tray before you get access to the battery compartment , and the tray and sliding compartment covers are stiff and unyeilding . There 's even an annoying long red ribbon hanging out of the battery compartment in order to eject the batteries , since apparently the designers forgot to make the batteries accessible to human fingers . All that could be excused if it worked well , but it just does n't . The shaft wiggles , so broken pencil tips are frequent since you can feel the blade chopping at the pencil , instead of a nice even shave . It does pretty well with hard lead normal pencils , but forget about using it to sharpen colored pencils , which require a very smooth blade spin to avoid breaking the soft `` lead . '' This one broke almost every pencil -- and with the high price of colored pencils , I 'm on my way to eating up more pencils than the sharpener is worth . Get the slim Panasonic KP-4A -- it 's smooth , well built and does a fine job . I expected much , much better from Xacto , but they did n't even make this sharpener -LRB- ! -RRB- -- the plastic imprint says it 's produced by Elmers Products in China .
 You would think it is doing something because it is sending out some powerful sounds but it is just noisy . I waited for almost two minutes for it to sharpen a pencil ... slow . At times it would not sharpen the pencil but it sounds like it is sharpening . Looks beautiful , but needs a little more work to make it work properly . Maybe someone else will have better luck with it , I did not . I added a few more dollars and ordered a Panosonic . I will tell you about it when I receive it .
 I bought this thinking it would be helpful , instead it has been very frustrating . Not only does it not work most of the time , but it also has very difficult access to empty the shavings . The couple of times I fussed with it to get it to work , it did put a very nice point on the pencil .
 Great electric sharpener at first . Pencil lead comes out clean and pointy . Device requires 4 AA batteries to operate . But after a few uses , the sharpener breaks down and pencil comes out dull and takes more shavings than require . My experience is that it eats the pencil up . Instead of buying this unreliable product , best to buy a manual sharpener that costs maybe less than $ 1 at the nearby store .
 I do not recommend this product . It 's quite working at first but the more I use , the less it works . Finally rest in peace an year after I began to use it .
 This unit worked great for a day or two , but I guess the blade gets dull very quickly , then just tears the pencil apart and breaks off the lead . I agree with some of the other reviewers , that it 's a cheap ` manual ' little sharpener with a motor and shaft . Very poor !
 Basically a regular 1 inch pencil sharpener -LRB- the ones you get out of a gumball machine -RRB- housed inside a slick looking black case with batteries.It works worse than the old five and dime cheap sharpeners because this one is like feeding a carrot through a blender.Not worth $ 15 , not work $ 5 , not worth $ 1 . Might have to go back to the tried and true hand crack Bostitch ones .
 This is the worst product I have ever purchased . It caused battery leak within less than 5 sharpenings , which created a terrible mess to clean up . In my opinion , it should be banned from amazon.com
 If you go more than 10 feet from the base unit it cuts out , if you go outside it cuts out , if you go downstairs it cuts out . The LCD screen lights up 15 seconds before the phone actually rings . You can answer the phone before it rings . Hard to hear on . Do n't waste your money .
 The phones have an echo/cheap sound . No voice caller ID . The seller wanted a 15 % restocking charge for me to return an item I do n't like . Read the return policys before buying . I wish I did . I will never buy again without an unconditional full refund guarantee .
 This is the most horrible product I 've ever bought . The sound quality is horrendous at best . It is very staticy , and the volume is low . I was very disappointed as I 've bought Uniden 's before and they were good . I really recommend staying away from this phone and paying a little more money for a better version . I 'm not sure what the other reviewers were using or if they worked for company , but trust me when I say they suck .
 I received this sticker packet as a small birthday gift from someone and was all excited to print some stickers ! The insert with the directions states that I can use this paper in my Canon i850 inkject printer ... BUT I CAN NOT ! I even contacted Canon and they told me that I could not and that I should recheck the insert that came with my sticker paper . I did that and it does in fact state that I can use it with my i850 ! I guess I 'll just hang on to this until I upgrade my printer and get a new one . THIS SUCKS !
 This paper product is a discontinued , and somewhat unstable material . This information is not readily available from the retailer . Expect fading and yellowing in fairly short order .
 The phone itself worked great . What I did n't like was the large writing on the receiver that said -LRB- -LRB- LOUD -RRB- -RRB- in big black letters with black circles around it . It was not displayed in the advertising photo , so imagine my shock to see it when I opened the box . They gave me a hard time returning it , but I returned it promptly after I received a mailing label . I have not received a credit as of today . I am still waiting .
 I bought the MD 470 and 3 MD 40 extension phones . They have been returned . The sound quality is poor . The hands free volume is weak and unusable . The telephone book memory is awkward to access . The tech support is non-existent . It 's off shore and they `` have not a clue '' as to this product . Save your money , do n't buy
 I bought the MD 470 and 3 MD 40 extension phones . They have been returned . The sound quality is poor . The hands free volume is weak and unusable . The telephone book memory is awkward to access . The tech support is non-existent . It 's off shore and they `` have not a clue '' as to this product . Save your money , do n't buy
 I have had these phones for almost two years now . I really liked looking at and using these phones , they 're pretty and well-designed . I did not have the volume problems , and the battery life was n't an issue once I replaced the batteries . -LRB- grumble ... -RRB- But now the screens are getting dead horizontal lines and the keys are becoming non-functional . I 've cleaned the keypads on my phones a few times , but they get dirty about once a month now , so I must give up.I wish Motorola would get it 's act together with it 's consumer products .
 The speakers are lame and noisy , and it is hard to hear , and I 'm not hard of hearing ! People are always asking me what I just said , too . And on speaker phone , this is the pits . There are a lot of nice gizmo type features , but the phone itself is not very good . Avoid .
 I wish I had researched this phone before I bought it . I would n't have wasted my money . Ditto everything -- especially the low volume . Drat .
 I hate to admit that I bought this phone system.I bought it because the features looked great . An expandable system with one base unit.But I was really bummed when I got it home.You ca n't hear anyone when they call , and I am not so sure they can hear you . I had it turned up all the way and I was constantly asking people to repeat themselves.The answering machine is unusable , you can understand about 10 % of what is said on a good day.The earpiece is very uncomfortable and as someone mentioned the menu to use your stored numbers is very clunky.I almost lost the packaging for these phones and was quite upset that I would have paid that much money for something that was worthless.It 's too bad one star is as low as the scale goes.I would definitely not recommend this equipment.I hope Motorola 's cell phones are better than this one .
 I bought this phone because it seemed to have everything I needed , and had good design as well . But I hate this thing ! The volume is too low in the handset , and even the speaker sucks . I ca n't understand what my callers are saying whether they leave a message or are on the phone attempting to have a conversation with me . My friends no longer bother calling me on it because it 's just too frustrating for them to hear me saying , `` huh ? '' all the time.I miss my 900mhz Panasonic .
 There are plenty of annoying features with this phone -- battery life is poor , menus confusing , etc. but my biggest complaint is reliability . I have TWO of them , and `` menu '' buttons are starting to breakdown on both , battery life pathetic on both , and both have poor call quality . Although there is a place to plug in the headset , after a month or so , the headsets would n't work in this phone . -LRB- the headsets themselves work fine in other phones -RRB- .
 This phone has such poor audio quality that it is almost useless . I bought it because of the features and nice design , but after having it for almost two years , I realize that THAT is all I paid for . Functionally it is a disaster!I only gave it one star because ` NO ' stars was not an available option !
 I 'm very disappointed ; just received my package and it only had a very small box enclosed containing a sharpener . The photo and description for this item shows a pencil sharpener which is what I thought I had purchased .
 The picture shows a cutter assembly including the housing and replacement drive gear . That 's the `` unit '' I thought I was ordering . Instead , I received just the two cutter blades . The price is way too high for just the cutter blades , but it 's more hassle to return them than it 's worth . Be warned .
 Cutter is too sharp . It pulls the pencils in and stalls the motor . I move the pencil in and out in a quick motion to get it sharpened . My hands ache when using .
 Be aware !!! this product is not the same and the item pictured . if you order this , all you 'll get is the blades , nto the gears !! product is actually this item http://www.amazon.com/X-ACTO-R1827-High-Volume-Commercial-Sharpener/dp/B004E2MHC4/ref=pd_sbs_op_16
 I too got fooled . Thought I was buying a sharpener but got a simple cutter . Too much effort to go through returning it
 WHAT ?? AMAZON CHARGED ME HOW MUCH FOR THIS 4 DOLLAR OR LESS THING ? By paying as much as I did , I was so excited to get what I thought was to be a prize of a dry erase board ... NOT ... It is only a simple little board with frame coming apart and marker that was completely without ink or any marking ability . sooooooooooo people beware of this one . . I have to use a a regular marker on it . . taped the frame back together and erase it with a mr clean sponge ... I 'm inovative do n'tcha see . No point in going to trouble of returning it ... sorry Amazon , first complaint I 've ever had ... but thought you ought to know .
 I have typical residential cable bandwidth - 5Mbps down and 384kbps up . So , whenever I have massive uploads going on or my son is on bittorrent the VoIP quality degrades terrible -LRB- testmyvoip.com calls it `` As bad as a crummy cell phone call '' and they are right -RRB- . Which is exactly what this device promises to fix . I assumed that it provides QoS , although I was a little irked that it never gave any technical information . It touts easy installation and promises `` intelligent prioritization '' . It was easy to install all right - but it has intelligence of a straight pass-through wire . There was no difference in performance . Either I upload - or I talk.The configuration screen looks very skimpy , so I decided to call support if there is any parameters that I can configure . I spent 50 minutes on hold -LRB- with most annoying advertising in long time -RRB- , during which Tier 1 operator asked me for model and serial number of my router and cable modem , not to mention this device itself - before telling that I need to talk to `` product specialist '' . By the way - unlike what the web page says - this device is * not * supported 24/7 , since product specialists only work 8am-5pm Pacific.Once I talked to product specialist - he essentially said `` do n't fool yourself , you wo n't get any QoS improvements ; just return the device '' . What I am about to do tomorrow.Shame on you , D-Link !
 To me thisVoip Internet Accelerator Intelligent Packet Priority Enginedoes not live up to the proclaimed capabilities . I have the same problem as an internet technology guy who usses skype , vonage an routers etc , I have lots of uploads and downloads going on and this device no matter what I do I just do n't see the great benefit . There is no solid indicator of what it is doing for me differently so I find it hard to recommend since I do n't see a difference . There could be a benefit but I will never know what causes the slow down or not because no indicators of I am working as I am suppose to or better or worst because of theVoip Internet Accelerator Intelligent Packet Priority Engine
 Firstly , this does make VOIP calls more stable , but it causes so many ` strange ' browsing problems that I just had to stop using it . I really like the way that this device prioritises traffice , but as I said , too many problems and too little configuration . I am very technical and spent quite a bit of time trying to get this working well and unfortunately , I 'm just better off without it.I am on 7000/896 DSL internet .
 easy to install but the felt letters and animals that my grand daughter plays with do n't stick very well . They work fine with the two portable boards she has , gon na it it a few days and then I might return the item .
 First of all it is outdated as it has the currency as Francs instead of Euros . Second of all it is SO limited in what it teaches . I bought it for my 9 year old daughter and she is bored with the lack of material -LRB- s -RRB- on this product . For each category there are no more than 5 phrases ! A real waste of money and time .
 Even when cutting a single piece of paper , it tends to stick and tear paper instead of cutting it . Only very steady and somewhat rapid movement of the blade has a somewhat reasonable * chance * of producing a proper cut . And this is with a brand new trimmer - where the blade is presumably very sharp - how would it work after the blade becomes a little dull ???
 Looking for a paper trimmer that RIPS paper like nobody 's this business ? This is your trimmer . This trimmer does n't cut paper -- it RIPS it with the strength of titanium blades . Even the score blade RIPS paper ! When I need to actually cut paper for my crafting needs , I use theGerber 22-41830 EAB Pocket Knife , Exchange A Blade .
 I am really happy with this purchase and am really happy with the phone , but I was supposed to have paid for 4 handsets and 2 bases and 2 chargers and I only recieved one base and one handset . I dont know why and I am taking it up with the company . It arrived today .
 I just had my third Staples shredder die on me . The store let me exchange the first two . I 'm not going to bother exchanging this one because I have no doubts that the fourth one will just die in a few months anyway.I 'd rather just buy a different brand that works . If I could give it zero stars I would.I will not be buying any Staples brand office products again . Save yourself a lot of frustration and hassle and do not buy this shredder .
 Plastic teeth broke upon first usage and vendor will leave you high and dry . I called Staples and this product is from 2005 and has been discontinued and storage by vendor is questionable . I 've used shredders before and this vendor is not amiable to resolutions . Buyer beware .
 The shredder mechanism dislodged from the holder and effectively began to shred the machine itself . Also , it produced sparks that shot down toward the shredded paper when switched to reverse . I would pay no more than $ 5 for this if I had to buy it again .
 I am not a heavy-duty shredder . In fact , just a few old bills and some junk mail . However , this shredder does not handle even those small tasks well . I am constantly having to toggle the on/off switch just to get the job done . The paper gets stuck if I try and shred two sheets at a time -LRB- 8-sheet my eye ! -RRB- . I would 've sent it back if not for the pain of repacking the whole thing . Pretty disappointing .
 Had one of these for about 2 years , light home use , used once or twice per week . Can only handle a few sheets at a time . Jammed regularly . Finally , the automatic-on switch broke , not from misuse , but because it is so poorly constructed . I took it apart and tried to fix it , but this thing is so poorly designed and constructed , that it basically falls apart if you try to fix anything . Now it 's in the landfill . What a useless waste of the planet 's resources making junky products like this . My next shredder will be a commercial quality unit and will not be made by Fellowes .
 Even the second unit that I bought had the same problem
 Inexpensive fellows shredder is a piece of junk . Jams all the time ! Bewarned , you get what you pay for with this .
 Bottom line ... this thing needs to grow a pair . Eight sheets at a time is a complete falsehood . I have been nursing it along , feeding it ONE sheet at a time , and it can only get through about five to eight sheets before it calls time out . I accumulate more stupid Citi and American Express card offers than this weakling can keep up with ! I have had this thing pulled apart at least four or five times to clean it out -LRB- paper constantly binds around the blades -RRB- and oiled it constantly . It seems like I can come home with the mail and say , `` Guess what paper shredder ... I got a credit card offer from Bank of America that I do n't want ! '' And I swear my paper shredder will scream , `` NOOO !!! Why do you abuse me the way you do !? '' I did n't get this thing off of Amazon but bought it at a store for about $ 30 . I should have just taken the ten and twenty out of my billfold at work and ran it through the industrial strength shredder there before leaving for the store . -LRB- I could n't run that type of cash through the FELLOWES P-85 ... it would have jammed . -RRB- That being said ; DO N'T BUY THE FELLOWES P-85 !!! Or run your money though a shredder that works .
 After purchasing the mouse I noticed it did n't list vista as a compatible O.S. . This mouse worked fine at first then after a few days the optical mouse mode quit working . It only worked in presenter or ball mode . I went to their site and downloaded the newest drivers and it worked again but now after a few weeks the optical mode wo n't work again . The instructions warn that exposing the light sensor on the bottom of the mouse to bright light would damage it . I 'm sure that never happened . My office is fairly dark . I will try to reinstall the drivers and the next time I purchase an wireless optical mouse I will make sure it lists vista as an compatible O.S.
 I need a handheld optical trackball , so I bought this mouse as it is listed as a ` Wireless Optical Presenter Mouse ' . But what it fails to state is that the trackball is totally mechanical - not optical . As if that were not bad enough , the trackball is so erratic and twitchy as to be totally useless.I gave this product one star only because I can not go lower . Definately NOT recommended .
 Out of the box this item felt flimsy . It would n't connect and the charging base would n't charge . The wires connecting the base to the computer would make the light flicker if touched very lightly . The trickle charger that connects the mouse to the computer did n't work either and would also make the light on it flicker if touched lightly . The software that it came with did n't run on Vista , so I had to download them from manufactures site . When I called the company I had to leave a message for them to call me back , and they never did.I returned it and got my money back .
 I bought it and worked fine for a couple of days . . then it just wouldnt work !!! i tried every thing . . used it on 2 laptops 3 pc ` s yet it does not work . . very bad quality indeed and i dont recommend it !
 As an engineer , I hate it when I see a product that 's brilliant in theory but poorly executed . This had precisely the features and flexibility I was looking for - the ability to use it as a mouse or trackball meant no carpal tunnel , no redundant input devices , and the programmable buttons were a nice plus . Problem was I could n't get it to work . Followed the instructions -LRB- sketchy and ambiguous as they were -RRB- , unloaded and reloaded the drivers twice , rebooted , tried different ports , new batteies , etc. , to no avail . After fiddling with the battery contacts I got it to function once for two seconds . Hmmmm . I called tech support and the first words spoken were , `` Did you exchange it at the store ? '' Evidently they see a lot of their products delivered DOA . The ` technician ' had no idea how the thing worked , forced me to walk all the way through the instructions with her before she said it was dead and to return it . When I went back to MicroCenter , they only had one other in stock so I made them try it out before I drove home . Right . That one did n't work either . Anybody know of a good portable wireless trackball ?
 I was looking for a wireless mouse to hook up to my PC/TV and did n't know what an Air Mouse was before I went looking for this product . All the features and programing looked fine on the specs but when I got this `` mouse '' the reality was much different.The first mouse that I received worked for a week and then just stopped . I figured that it was a defective unit and returned it for a second . This one seemed to connect and work fine at first.On my Desktop it works fine , but take it across a webpage and the frustration begins . Take it across any frame on a page and the mouse starts interprets it as a third button click and grabs the page . Every time I get the page to the correct place I want to view , if I move the trackball the whole page starts to scroll . No new drivers are available to stop this behavior and when I went to the support site I got a `` 404 Page Not Found '' error.This mouse is no end to frustrating and I 'm returning this one also .
 The mouse hooked up nicely to my Vista PC/TV setup . After about a week of use the roller ball could not function up and down , only side to side . Approximately a week later , I smelled something burning . After I decided that it was n't my lamp , I then realized that it was the pointer mouse on the table next to the lamp . The mouse was very hot , and seemed about to catch fire . I will be returning the mouse and looking for a better product . I live overseas and purchase many things online and this is my first review that I 've ever written . I do n't want anyone else to go through the same frustrations that I went through . There is a reason for the price decrease ... it 's called faulty materials .
 Seriously ! This is the worst mouse I have ever seen ! I love a good trackball mouse , so I really wanted this mouse everything in the description was perfect this mouse should have been perfect , it was n't though . Perhaps if the thing did any of what it was suppose to do it would have been perfect . It did n't seem flimsy like another reviewer said , but that does n't really matter when you can get the thing to work correctly . Software installed , mouse charged , sparce directions followed and the mouse refused to navigate correctly . Navigation was wonky across the screen and jerky bypassing and jumping away from where I wanted it to go . I tried changing settings , but everything I could do and did had no effect on the mouse . I might have just gotten a defective unit , but even if I did it is n't worth another order to see if that is the case . Just beware if you do still try it out make sure to keep your boxes , so you can return it easily !
 I 'd bought two of the Gear Head brand mice for two different computers and they both failed with the same defect ... center wheel goes dead . Tore one open and found the wheel sensor was no longer attached . It 's really a poor design -LRB- Chinese ? -RRB- that 's probably being molded with 50 % regrind plastic -LRB- Chinese ? -RRB- swept up from the floor along with the rat droppings . They supposedly have a lifetime warranty , but I 've yet to receive an RMA number from my online requests and I ca n't even find a connection to a live person anywhere on the web.I really do n't trust these LLC -LRB- Limited Liability Company -RRB- bozos . A key feature of LLC 's are
 I ordered this wireless presenter as it is one of the few presenters with an omni-directional mouse -LRB- in this case a mediocre trackball , which is not very precise as compared to a regular mouse -RRB- that has programmable buttons . The options to what you can program the buttons to do is quite limited for my purposes :1 . The left and right click buttons -LRB- two large ones on the top of the mouse on either side of the trackball -RRB- can not be reassigned at all . Not so good for left handers .2 . The other three buttons , one on the top of the mouse below the trackball and the other two buttons on the underside of the mouse -LRB- good design placement -RRB- can only be mapped to one of ten different options.This would be fine if the options were more useful however they were lacking several key options -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- : A -RRB- left click or right click can NOT be assigned to any of the programmable buttons.B -RRB- click and hold/click and drag can NOT be assigned to any of the programmable buttons.These limitations make it nearly impossible to click and drag , or move the mouse with either the right or left buttons held down - which I personally need for a variety of applications . If the programmability of the buttons is a key selling point for you I would recommend you download the manual , which is available from the Gear Head website , and read the section on what actions can be programmed to make sure that it will accommodate your specific needs.On the plus side
 I originally purchased this product 7 years ago in a craft store for my very heavy back door . It propped open the door nicely . Overtime it has gotten dirty and I was glad to be able to replace it when I saw it was available for purchase on Amazon . This new one , same manufacturer and design , will not hold open my door . I weighed this one and it comes in at 2 lbs . I then weighed my old one and it weighs 3 lbs . If you need it for a light weight door , it would be perfect for you . If you need it for a big or heavy door , forget about it .
 This calendar had all the features I like , but was too heavy to carry in my purse . I donated this one , and purchased another ...
 I ordered this for a Christmas gift , but once I saw the product -LRB- which does not come in any type of box or package -RRB- . . I plan to return it .
 I bought the Lapinator as a gift for both my mom and my dad . They both use their laptops while they watch TV all the time , so I thought it would be a great gift idea . When I opened the box , I was very dissapointed at the product I was looking at . It is pretty much a piece of cardboard sitting on top of some foam padding . I would have been better off taking an old pillow and gluing a piece of an old box to the top of it.The picture makes it look slick , but it 's lame . I returned both of them immediately .
 This was the first lap desk I had purchased and I was initially happy with it because it kept the heat off my lap . However , shortly after I realized that the stick on bumpers are n't high enough to allow adequate air flow to circulate and keep my computer cool . My computer became so hot the glue on the bumpers melted and they started shifting . My computer would still overheat and shut down . I threw the lapinator in the trash . I consider it a waste of money .
 I would not recommend this lapdesk if it 's comfort and convenience you 're looking for . The attachable mouse-pad is a nuisance and the mouse tends to slide off . The bottom of the lapdesk is bulky and lays uncomfortably on your lap . For what you get I feel it 's overpriced and not very convenient .
 With phone jacks in every room of the house one is tempted to have more than one phone . So we bought this thing to have a phone upstairs in the back room.Just terrible ! Sure its a low cost low end model . But there is absolutely nothing good about this phone ; hissing background white noise , static reception , and the people on the other end rate their reception as muffled.The AT&T ; brand name attracted me to this phone . Shame that they would put out such a chinzy product ... . Since then I have bought a $ 4 phone at the grocery store of all places . Works great .
 I bought this at a store , thinking it was the 210 model . The plastic is a rough matte finish which will get dirty easily and will be hard to clean . The `` Medium '' ringer setting is too low . On the `` High '' setting , it 's too shrill and annoying . I 'm going to donate this piece of junk to charity and will buy a Panasonic . When will manufacturers learn that we consumers are tired of junk ?
 I really like the idea of a trimline phone ... sits along the side of the computer , taking up very little table space . I just reach over and grab it and say ` hello ' ... no fanfare , no weird buttons to push ... sits in my hand quite comfortably.I always buy a cord detangler for a corded phone , and I am willing to spend the extra $ $ for this necessary accessory . Otherwise the cord spirals until nearly impossible to unwind.However , one thing I can not tolerate is a white noise and static in the background . Apparently it is only at my end , but with the other person on a crappy cell phone , it becomes nearly impossible to decipher the other person 's words.I previously bought AT&T ; phones -- two speaker answering phones in my office that I love ! -- with no problems whatsoever . Those are a bit wide for the space I have , but maybe I will be happier with a phone that works properly .
 I felt I needed to review this phone because you can not tell from the picture that the plastic which the casing is made from is that cheap -LRB- non-slick -RRB- plastic -- kind of like what cheap toys are made from . It looks and feels cheap and not easy to keep clean like the AT&T 205 Slimline . The phone works fine but does not have a lighted keypad like the earlier one . SOOOO I 'm on my way to buy a couple of the older models that seem to pack more quality and have the illuminated keypads -LRB- which I like for bedside -RRB- .
 The phone is nice looking and small which was perfect for me but the sound quality is not so good it is low sounding and has a lot of static sounding calls .
 The phone is cheaply made , but what do you expect for the money ? No one can hear me on this phone , so it is now a simple emergency phone . Do n't buy it as your MAIN telephone .
 Well it worked fine for printing labels in our lab ... however after about a year the thermal printer just stopped working . We have several other instruments with thermal printers and I have never seen one die before .
 I really wanted a label printer . I was about to spend hundreds of dollars on one of the many `` industrial grade '' retail receipt printers when I stumbled across a dual printer for under $ 200.00 . I ordered it on Oct 22nd from PC Universe in Florida - It arrived 2 weeks later -LRB- another frustrating story - the delay may be Hurricane Wilma related -RRB- . The printer set-up went `` okay , '' but when it was suggested in a pop-up window that I should REGISTER the product there was an error
 This turns out to be nothing more than a VERY expensive stamp machine ! At 13 cents EXTRA per stamp , when you factor in the cost of the labels , it is a total waste of money . I would rather run to the post office and use the stamp machine to buy 100 stamps and save 13 bucks . There is never a line at the stamp machine so it is no big deal . As for shipping labels , you can only ship items under 1 pound UNLESS of course you join one of their monthly premium plans or a minimum of $ 10 a month . So basically you end up paying just as much or more than you would with a postage meter . I personally will be returning this back to the store .
 I purchased this in order to try on-line postage/stamps . Their claim is an `` easy one step set-up . '' It is far from that . When called for assistance , Dymo points fingers a the postage company and the postage company points fingers at Dymo for the inability of the equipment to work . No one will help with the problem so I have a Twin Turbo paper weight .
 The one and only reason I purchased this label printer was for the highly touted Dymo Stamps feature , supposedly giving you the ability to print your own postage stamps onto thermal postage labels for no monthly fee , only the cost of the printer and the thermal label refills . According to the Dymo Stamps website , Dymo Stamps gives you the ability to `` Print Exactly the Amount of Postage you Need '' and `` Eliminate the Need for Costly Postal Meters . '' What the consumer is not told upfront is that these `` precise '' amounts of postage can only be in denominations of the Dymo Stamps software 's choosing , not any amount you want . In fact , the only postage denominations that can be printed are those already available in stamp form at the post office , basically just your run-of-the-mill $ 0.39 stamps , $ 4.05 Priority Mail stamps , and postcard stamps . This software also does not give you the capability to print postage for Parcel Post , Media Mail , or Express Mail , and does n't allow you to add additional postage for services like insurance or certified mail at all . How this saves you any trouble over buying stamps from the post office is beyond me . Conveniently , you can only overcome all of these limitations by subscribing to Endicia -LRB- Dymo Stamps ' backbone provider -RRB- for a monthly fee . Heck , you ca n't even go to an office supply store to buy the thermal postage label refills that you need to print postage on ; they can only be ordered online through a link in the Dymo Stamps software . Especially given the fact that even the least expensive Dymo Stamps capable LabelWriter model is over $ 100 , this will NOT save you any money in postage , will NOT save you any time , and ordering stamps online from USPS -LRB- or getting them from the local post office -RRB- is just as convenient , if not more convenient , than ordering the stupid thermal refills online from Dymo and waiting for them to arrive . Thankfully , Amazon is great at accepting returns .
 For my first attempt at printing postage , I tried to print $ 6.30 for a 7 oz . letter size envelope going outside of the US . Unfortunately , I discovered in the fine print that you can only print up to $ 0.90 for First-Class international mail unless you upgrade at a cost of $ 9.95 a month -LRB- more than my monthly average postage cost -RRB- . At least the upgrade offers refunds for misprints which is not available on the free version . The response from Endicia support is as follows : If you are using Dymo Stamps software , this is a free service and limited to these ratesQ
 I was hoping to use this to help my business along . Instead , it 's given me more headaches than I know what to do with . My mac did n't even recognize the first one , so I contacted Dymo about it . They immediately issued a RMA and sent me a new one . The new one was recognized right away and I was able to print . Well , when I tried to print postage , the stamps jammed . It happens , so I opened the case to take care of the jam and when I pulled the lever down to release them , it twisted . It would not twist back . The other side did the same.It 's very cheaply made and I do n't know how anyone else is able to work with these without breaking them . Needless to say , I 'm returning the second one and looking for alternatives .
 Dymo 's website has a software download for Intel power Macs - this software does not work at all - even though the Mac `` sees '' the Dymo sitting on a USB port it can not print to it - after a friendly geek struggled with it for the better part of a hour it finally decided to print labels - even the geek does not know what he did to make it print - so - if it goes down - it goes to my physical trash bin - get with it DYMO - Macs are taking over the computer world
 I have installed the software twice that runs the stamp printing . I can still only print one stamp at a time . If I choose to print multiple stamps , such as six stamps , it will print four stamps and quit working . The dymo will show an error in the printer screen . The program printing crashes . Nothing resolves it except turning off the dymo and rebooting the computer . It is close to worthless and is costing me money . I am going back to requesting stamps from the Post Office . No loss there . I have spent hours trying to resolve this and Dymo and Endicia point fingers to the other . Now Endicia gives me about another hours worth of work to do to try to resolve . Their software is poorly written . I am using a computer less than a year old . I would rather lick them , if they still offered stamps like that , than to have to spend hours trying to get their software to work .
 I 've been through about four Dymo label printers.On the good side
 This is my third Dymo LabelWriter . This time I bought their combo label and tape -LRB- strips of adhesive labels , usually plastic coated -RRB- printer when my tape printer died . Big mistake . I use some special symbols and fonts . The label portion does n't pass my formatting on from Office Word.The tape editor is really hard to use . If you have any special symbols , something as simple as making the text bold changes everything to symbols -LRB- not even from the symbol font I was using -RRB- . Worse , if you labor hard enough to construct a tape and print it , you will have all your formatting stripped away when you save.If all you do is print one-font , one-size labels and tapes , it is probably an okay printer . The label printer seems okay but tape printer jams now and then but not too often -LRB- every 25 to 50 print operations -RRB- . Since Dymo has only offered the most inane support to many requests for aid , I will not buy a Dymo product again . I 'll try Brother , probably .
 The one and only reason I purchased this label printer was for the highly touted Dymo Stamps feature , supposedly giving you the ability to print your own postage stamps onto thermal postage labels for no monthly fee , only the cost of the printer and the thermal label refills . According to the Dymo Stamps website , Dymo Stamps gives you the ability to `` Print Exactly the Amount of Postage you Need '' and `` Eliminate the Need for Costly Postal Meters . '' What the consumer is not told upfront is that these `` precise '' amounts of postage can only be in denominations of the Dymo Stamps software 's choosing , not any amount you want . In fact , the only postage denominations that can be printed are those already available in stamp form at the post office , basically just your run-of-the-mill $ 0.39 stamps , $ 4.05 Priority Mail stamps , and postcard stamps . This software also does not give you the capability to print postage for Parcel Post , Media Mail , or Express Mail , and does n't allow you to add additional postage for services like insurance or certified mail at all . How this saves you any trouble over buying stamps from the post office is beyond me . Conveniently , you can only overcome all of these limitations by subscribing to Endicia -LRB- Dymo Stamps ' backbone provider -RRB- for a monthly fee . Heck , you ca n't even go to an office supply store to buy the thermal postage label refills that you need to print postage on ; they can only be ordered online through a link in the Dymo Stamps software . Especially given the fact that even the least expensive Dymo Stamps capable LabelWriter model is over $ 100 , this will NOT save you any money in postage , will NOT save you any time , and ordering stamps online from USPS -LRB- or getting them from the local post office -RRB- is just as convenient , if not more convenient , than ordering the stupid thermal refills online from Dymo and waiting for them to arrive . Thankfully , Amazon is great at accepting returns .
 I never had a chance to use the Dymo LabelWriter DUO becuase it would not install and run with MAC OSX 10.4.4 or 10.4.5 . Help desk personnel were very polite and professional but could not figure out how to get the LabelWriter to install .
 I love the features on this phone . The phone book is easy to use , the voicemail access button , the volume controls ... loved it . But , I found that the phone got terribly static-y when I simply walked across my house . Which seems ridiculous for a 5.8 GHz phone . Most troubling , however was that my call waiting caller ID did n't work . It worked on other phones , just not this one.When I say I loved this phone , I meant that I loved it enough to go and buy another set , thinking that the problem was just with the first one I bought , but even on the second one cw/cid did n't work . I called Uniden 's customer service who were SO rude and unhelpful , telling me that I just needed to return it to the store where I got it . I wo n't be purchasing another uniden product again . Ever .
 This is not a good phone . The functions are not pleasant to use and the sound is just horrible . There is a an echo , I even asked my husband sevaral time if he was listening to my conversation as it sounded like the second phone was also in use.I gave it two months and I am ready to bring it back !
 The volume on the handsets was unsatisfactory . We tried calling several people with both handsets and on one could hear us well . Distance from the base made no difference . Returned the set and went back to our old panasonic 900 mhz portable phone . Will try some other brand than Uniden . Lots of neat features on this phone , but the performance is poor .
 Bought this so I could show my Eagles pride ... too bad it is so small no one can see it.Just a cheap plastic clip with a paper decal . . hope it does n't peel off before the season is over .
 One word
 This thing wobbles uncontrollably . It feels like you 're trying to type through an earthquake . I thought maybe I received a bad box w / a missing part of some sort to stabilize it . The new one I received was exactly the same . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 This has got to be one of the worst products I 've ever bought . It 's poorly made and I have NO idea why there is a hole in the middle of the keyboard . I can only assume its to make the keyboard lighter by using less metal . Not worth the cost and shipping is a rip-off .
 I did not even finish my first package of paper before I was told to replace the ink cartridge . That is a GREAT DISSAPPOINTMENT because this unit prints wonderful pictures , and it 's easy to use . I 'm contacting KODAK for sure !
 Ink runs out before you finish all the sheets of paper . Sad , because you ca n't buy the ink by itself . Kodak is ripping people off . Hopefully a competitor will come up with something fast .
 My ink cartridges arrived broken completely shattered . I contact the company asked for a replacement or a refund they refused . I will never deal with this company again . Not only did they refused but it took them a week to respond . I will be notifying amazon about this company !!! I would n't recommend this company to ANYONE
 The product is great , But I think everyone can agree that the price is crazy . Walmart sold the ph 160 cartridges with the paper for 44.99 and of course they do not carry the product anymore . I 've seen prices on the net between 75.00 and 139.00 , and when you do find it for 44.99 it 's either out of stock or discontinued . If you disagree with me look yourself , no joke.Kodak PH160 Media Cartridge for Kodak EasyShare Printer Docks
 I was going to purchase another PH 160 kit for my Mom . Target , etc used to carry these for $ 45 . Now that they are no longer being sold by Kodak the price is $ 150 + ?? Seriously ?! Easy fix though , will simply move to another brand . Kodak will never learn .
 I have loved my camera and docking station since I got it . Sadly , none of the stores carry the paper and printer cartridge refills anymore , which is why I ordered it from Amazon.com . I have opened two of the three cartridges , and they are both bad . I am only getting half of a picture printed out . This means the paper is getting wasted , and it 's not cheap , and if I want my photos printed , I now have to pay to have prints made somewhere else , so I 've paid twice ! I am not happy with is at all !
 In the product description for the 160 pack of paper and ink it says you can print photos for about 29 cents each . I do n't know what kind of funny math Amazon is using , but for $ 169 that comes out to over a dollar per picture . That 's ridiculously expensive . I love my EasyShare printer and love to be able to print great quality photos at home if I only need to print a few . If I need a lot I still order them from Kodak or Shutterfly because it is cheaper . No way am I paying that much , though . What the hell , Amazon .
 Until now I absolutely loved these PH160 kits and have purchased many of them since early 2007 - but they used to sell for about $ 45 . The current price is ridiculous and I may just ditch kodak altogether , get out of EasyShare and my Z series cameras , and have photos printed elsewhere . What 's the story , Amazon ?
 I was disappointed to find that my cartridges only lasted for little more than half the paper ! I still have 80 sheets left . The problem is that if it ever gets jammed - even if it is n't actually jammed - that uses up the cartridge life ! I contacted Kodak directly to see if I could buy just cartridges - and they said NO !!! I am looking for a new printer which is a little more economical ... 29cents a photo is really not a good deal in the first place , and paying double that even worse !
 I would like to be able to buy only ink cartridges , I always have so much paper left .
 They tell you there are 32 available ... They are lying . . waited three weeks and still no kodak cartridge ... Finally canceled order ... probably did not ship because it was free shipping & handling ... very , very , very disappointed in Amazon .
 I bought an Kodak easyshare printer dock for my parents 6 years ago . At the time a PH160 media cartridge was $ 42.12 -LRB- I have the receipt -RRB- . Today the same media cartridge is over $ 100 ? What happened ? The cost per print went from about $ 0.25 to $ 0.70 . The drugstore will print photos for $ 0.19 or less . Printing at home is convenient but not worth a 270 % premium . I will no longer buy replacement cartridges .
 This is a wonderful machine , and it prints great photos . Unfortunately , my first ink cartridge lasted through only TEN -LRB- 10 -RRB- photos before warning me that I am almost out of ink . I have priced the replacement cartridge , which costs about $ 35.00 . That is $ 3.50 per photo and I would not recommend that horrible price to anyone . I will certainly not buy a replacement at that price for only 10 photos !! Forget this photo printer , and go to an online photofinisher . The online prints are about 15 cents per copy .
 I ordered the printer and am happy with it , but the paper Amazon suggested does not fit the printer . They should have known better.Kodak EasyShare G600 Printer Dock
 With shipping this cabinet cost almost $ 500 and it arrived unassembled even though it was not stated in the ad . Now I 'm going to have to pay more money to have it assembled since it costs $ 195.00 for shipping so I ca n't return it . I feel like I was taken since it was not stated that the cabinet would arrive unassembled . Even if the quality of the cabinet turns out to be great it wo n't matter at this point .
 I had high hopes for this product considering it was the latest in wireless phone technology . However , I was disappointed out of the box . First , the phones themselves appear poorly put together . Of the 3 phones I bought , two of them have at least one of the number buttons that is difficult to push . Also , the plastic case appears to be bulging out from the components within , as if the case was too small for the unit . You can see some of the components along the side seam.The display is n't anything to praise either . Most of the phones I have had at least give time and date all the time . These phones just give the SBC logo and the total number of missed calls , if any . The phone functions were also difficult to use , and not particularly intuitive . Personally , I found operating the functions highly annoying , but other people could very well have other oppions.Finally , the battery life is very poor , with stand-by time only about 48 hours . Compared to the phones I had previously , this was less than a third of the stand-by time I could expect.Sound was adequate , and ring tones were n't obnoxious . But , bottom line
 It needs a batter program with it.it well mass up sometime when you are useing it .
 The clarity of this camera is fuzzy . I can only see shadows and not the clear faces of the people .
 I purchased a VEO CONNECT ... 333V **** DO N'T DO IT !!! They have a web site that is all dead links , they have updated software downloads that are n't really there ... They will not return email . And the phone # does n't go through ! I am not talking about `` I tried once or twice '' Im talking both I and the seller have gone back to the site almost every day for over a month now . Still no help , no email , and NO SUPPORT ! The CD rom bundled software they included with the cam , does not up load ... And they will NOT HELP !
 Okay , so I got this webcam a few years ago as a gift , which is nice 'cause I do n't have to buy it . BUT THE QUALITY IS HORRIBLE !! Now that more and more web cameras are coming out , better quality ones are of reasonable prices.Move on , get a better web camera . This one 's getting TOO old.For one thing , I had to have MAXIMUM light everytime I use it - which is hard when you 're online at night when all you have is your room light , which is usually not as bright as the sunlight . Then even when there 's maximum light , all you could see is basically outlines ! you ca n't see details in the picture , which sucks.So ... for any purposes , personal or business , DO NOT buy this camera because you will just cry in regret.Oh and the prices says it all ; -RRB-
 Pay attention to the dates of the reviews here . This was my first webcam . It 's not bad , but do not pay more than $ 10 for this thing . You have to focus it by hand , by turning a very loose plastic ring around the lens . It has no built-in mic.In fact , the only reason I 'm bothering to review this at all is that I noticed it is listed at this time as being $ 40 plus $ 10.95 shipping . You could buy 100 other webcams for that price that are MUCH , MUCH better than this thing . If you do n't have a webcam already and you manage to find this one very cheap , then go for it . However , any $ 25 Logitech webcam -LRB- in 2009 -RRB- will be a far better purchase with a lot more bells and whistles than the Veo Connect . I do n't think this cam is even still being manufactured .
 The only good thing about this cam is that it allows you to uninstall the software that comes with it from your PC . So you can return it and move on.The cam does n't work well with my MSN and Yahoo messenger . It can not be turned on most of the time . I have to unplug it from the USB and then re-plug it in . Really painful .
 Comes with no support software , no hardware compatibility , looks cheap , and plain does n't work ! Avoid this product like the plague ! I was unable to do anything whatsoever with it !
 this seller cashes in on fake Montblanks , he will send it very late and when you get it and find out , not only it 's not the model you were promised but it 's fake all together , he will promise to refund . but you will never hear from him again.Be very careful .
 I bought this item thinking it had music on hold , like Amazon says in its description . However this phone does not even offer the basic hold feature -- let alone a music enhancement . I also checked the instruction manual and it makes no mention of it . This phone also does not have the `` flash '' function , as the description says . You have to press the switch hook in order to check your call waiting.However , it does offer the ringer on/off option and is tone/pulse switchable . The redial feature is activated by pressing the gold circle in the middle of the `` dialing pad '' . Overall , this phone does not have all the features that Amazon says it does . But if you want an interesting looking , cheap , no frills phone , to put in the extra bedroom , this might be a good choice .
 Whoever wrote the specs for this phone was obviously copying text from some other fancier phone since most of the features mentioned are NOT included with this phone . Also please note that the review by Lynnaye is apparently hogwash written by a paid representative of this company -LRB- see this person 's other reviews and you 'll see what I mean . Cosmetically its ok so feel free to use it as a prop .
 I am not sure if the notebooks were just too long in the warehouse but the pages stick together . They are so thin , no body to them . Just too frustrating trying to turn the page and then having to unsticking the thin pages then they tear . I wanted a small notebook to carry in my bag that had a lot of pages . Disappointed with the quality of the paper .
 I ordered this binder because it seemed like it would be heavy duty for the use I needed it for . I was really disappointed when I got it . Not only was the one I received damaged , but the quality was really bad . It looked like it would fall apart after just a few uses . For the price , this is not worth it , unless you only want to use it once or twice -LRB- not typical for a binder -RRB- . I found one for a quarter of the price I paid here at a big name store , an Avery Heavy Duty , which will serve my purposes . Save your money , get Avery .
 I found mounting adhesive difficult to use on anything bigger than 8x10 photo . It is impossible to use without getting the sticky material on your fingers and then on your print . I wish I had known this before wasting my money .
 Only works with the whole set and base station . Beware of sellers charging more for shipping than the cost of the remote handset .
 Phone is fine , but the charger died and I now have to chase down another one . It should n't have done that after only 3 months of infrequent use .
 This is the worse phone I 've ever owned ! I bought this to replace another bad phone but this one turned out to be even worse . People complain that they ca n't hear me even when I put it on `` Boost '' and lately it just turns off by itself in the middle of the conversation . I tried to contact Panasonic on-line but have n't heard from anybody yet - I guess I will have to call them to resolve this problem . Do not bother buying this item - it 's not worth it .
 I saw a few negative reviews but the majority were positive , so I thought I 'd take a chance . Well , the outside box was fine , but the organizer itself looked like someone had sat on it . Kind of like a square made into a parallelogram . I did n't want the hassle of returning it , so I tried to straighten it out . But the metal is quite heavy and it was n't easy . The result is -- functional . For $ 10 , this would 've been OK . For $ 35 + , not so much . Too bad no one makes something similar -LRB- that I could find , anyway -RRB- ; it 's a nice concept .
 I had really high hopes for this product . It looked solid , and came very highly recommended . It arrived bent and distorted . I had to wedge a coaster under it to keep it upright . Why did n't I return it ? Spend money to ship it back , and back out , and hassle , hassle , hassle ... first negative experience on Amazon . I will think twice in the future .
 This product was completely crooked as well it did n't lie flat on the desk . Absolutely terrible . I am looking to get a full refund
 The build quality of this organizer is so poor it 's almost laughable . There is not a single section of this thing that is not bent ; in fact I cant find a single right angle in the entire thing . There are deformaties in the construction that can not be attributed to shipping damage . This is a poorly built piece of garbage you should avoid at all costs .
 It came to my home in a smashed box , and was bent . But I will blame that on Fed EX . Because they should have never accepted the box from the shipper if it was damaged or it might have been mis handled by a Fed Ex employee along the way . This organizer is larger then I expected and takes up a lot of room on the desk . that is why this review is only two stars .
 I WAS LOOKING FOR THE TINY BANDAGES THAT BAND AID MADE YEARS AGO FOR TINY FINGERS OR , IN MY CASE , FOR PRICKING MY FINGERS WHEN TESTING BLOOD SUGAR . I DO N'T NEED A FULL WRAP AROUND BAND AID NOR DO THESE `` SPOTS '' FIT PROPERLY . THEY MAY BE GOOD FOR OTHER APPLICATIONS , BUT NOT FOR THIS .
 I give this phone 5 stars for design , and 0.5 stars for performance . Constant echo and most of the time static.I bought it at Staples a week ago , and will return it tomorrow.IBM makes great computing hardware and software , but it does n't seem like cordless telephone sets is their strength .
 I bought the phone based on the IBM name , but have been greatly disappointed with it . The sound quality is extremely bad , full of static , with echoes in the background . I would recommend looking for another phone !
 This -LSB- cut-rate -RSB- feeling and looking phone works only about 10 % of the time . I 'm dead serious . Its a joke . I could have made a better phone in my garage . Buy something else .
 is a very bad phone , no more coments
 I learned my lesson on this phone . These reviews are helpful . This phone gets horrible reception . What a waste of money .
 I learned my lesson on this phone . These reviews are helpful . This phone gets horrible reception . What a waste of money .
 While this phone looks like the coolest thing since the Atari 5200 or maybe the matrix , it just does n't work well . Sometimes it refuses to come on , sometimes there 's static , sometimes it wo n't dial numbers , it just ... Remember what your uncle taught you
 Unfortunately , all this phone had was its looks . I really expected something great from a 2.4 GHz phone , but it performed worse than both my VTech and Uniden 900MHz phones . The biggest problem was static even when you were close to the base . Maybe it needs antennas to help radiate the signal . Pam Anderson may get along fine on her looks alone , but that is not enough for a cordless phone .
 A good idea , but beyond looks , gadgets , and the `` coolness '' factor , you need to have a good basic phone . This phone does not meet that basic requirement . It 's all dressed up but performance is less than expected.GOOD
 I read some of the negative reviews here before buying this phone . But I 'm one of those got ta see for myself people . I really liked the hi-tech design and no one else has anything that looks this good so I bought one anyway , Here is the scoop - this phone has major design problems . First the hard plastic hand piece vibrates when the other party talks which causes distortion -LRB- kind of like if you try to talk through a sheet of waxed paper -RRB- . Second - The ringer on the phone is very `` wimpy '' it ca n't be heard in the next room even when set to the highest level . -LRB- IBM/TT should have put a ringer in the base set like Sony did -RRB- and finally the talk key which answers and hangs up sticks out too far , it will hang up the phone when you are talking if it gets to close to your face ! -LRB- Why ca n't any of these companies make a great looking phone that actually works ? -RRB-
 This phone did not work ~ 40ft away from the base . At less then ~ 40 ft , it would take several seconds to connect to the base , and , even then , the reception was horrible . Siemens and Panasonic phones I own , work great .
 I also bought the phone based on looks and name . There is a confusing delay between when a number is pressed and the sound made . Numbers must be re-entered most all the time and the static is so bad I ca n't use it , even up close . I have never written one of these before , but have never been so displeased with a cordless either .
 Please do not waste your money on this phone . Even thought it might look cool it has horrid static 24/7 . Sometimes it wo n't dial and if you are 2 rooms away from the receiver there is no reception . We bought this phone in April and have hated it from the start . The buttons are confusing and it seems no thought was given to the layout . I 'm not saying anything aginst IBM I love their computers but this phone stinks . Stay away at all costs .
 I have seen this phone sold under the IBM or the Bell label , but it 's all the same machine . All I have to say is that I 'm rather disappointed . I never had any trouble with reception like some of the other reviews stated , but the pixel screen on this phone became scrambled and unreadable within a month of purchase . Also , at times when it rings , I would push TALK to pick up the line , and the phone just keeps ringing !! Buttons are rubbery/mushy and impede fast dialing . All buttons have the same loud and annoying BEEP tone when pressed - there are no varying tones when pushing different number buttons , unlike most other phones . The usage is very counter-intuitive , and now that the screen is dead , I have no use for either the Called ID or the address book.One friendly piece of advice
 i purchased for the sole reason that the transponder and charge base were seperate - because i only had one jack in my bedroom but needed two . In any case this phone -LSB- was bad -RSB- from the start - it did n't put together right - so i would just have to leave the battery hanging - it would never properley charge becuase of this . Even when the line was n't in use it would say it was - when it did work properly the sound quality was much worse than my celli then went and bought a seconf - same problems as the first
 I bought this phone because of the offered features , including caller id , the remote charging cradle and the fact that it operates at 2.4 GHz . The fact that it was made by IBM and was inexpensive compared to other similarly featured phones also weighed heavily in my choice . However , putting it very mildly , this phone is the biggest piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- I have ever wasted money on . The caller id works about half the time , I usually have to redial numbers two or three times to get a call to go through properly and the general audio quality of this phone is just plain bad . The audio was notably worse than my previous 900 Mhz phone -LRB- which had simply worn out from several years of use -RRB- but I resigned myself just to live with that . The other problems started cropping up a few months after I had this new phone . I am going to try to send it in for a replacement or repair if I can find the info on the IBM web site . SO far no luck . I would n't buy this or any IBM phone again after this experience .
 This type of cork crumbles very easily . When I took it out of the package there were specks of cork on the floor . I thought that may just be some residual cork from shipping , but when I tried to trim it with a box knife , it crumbled all over and left a very jagged edge . This type of cork has big chunks bonded together , so maybe that is why it crumbles easily . The cork also had an oder to it .
 I only bought these so I 'll I 'd have to do is peel and stick on the wall . There is NO self stick on these as it says in the discription .
 I was looking for a way to make my wall into a picture gallery ; where I could put up and remove pictures easily . I placed the squares on my wall with provided stick tabs but my pictures needed a spray glue on the back to stick to the cork panels . When Spring came and temperatures went up , all the cork panels fell off the wall . I am now looking for another solution .
 I put mine up yesterday in my bedroom and one by one , they each fell off during the night scaring the freckles off of me ! Wasted money on this as far as I am concerned . I think I may use them to put my potted plants on .
 I bought two 4-packs of these at Walmart to line a wall . By the following morning , ALL BUT ONE panel was ON THE GROUND . The adhesive tabs that come in these packages do stick to the wall , but not the crumbly cork board surface , so you are left with fallen panels -LRB- broken or cracked from hitting the ground -RRB- and adhesive squares stuck to the walls ... and I mean STUCK . If I was going to rehang the cork -LRB- which I ca n't because all but two boards are now broken -RRB- , I 'd use some other type of adhesive to adhere to the wall . Oh , and note that these are quite thin , so you ca n't use regular push pins or you will go right into the wall . While these were relatively expensive , they are still a complete waste of $ $ .
 Did not open until my granddaughter 's birthday . New batteries . Am experienced computer , device user . Not a chance that we misread instructions or lacked skill . Worked for 5 minutes and then started getting garbage . Reset as well as the logical turn it off and on and the usual problem solving . Device simply is poorly made . Someone thought that a flashy case would do it . Do n't waste your money . Return policy plus cost makes it nonsense to return and I certainly do n't want a replacement .
 My son purposely entered words incorrectly and it came up with words that are not close to what he was trying to spell . We are back to using the childrens spelling dictionary .
 We grew up with a Franklin speller , so I decided to get this model for both of my nieces . Unfortunately , they flash messages , such as &#34; way cool &#34; etc. to the kids after the answers are given . Why did Franklin have to ruin a good thing by adding such unneeded rubbish ? If I had know this , I would have looked for another .
 Should 've purchase a higher end model . . this model is too slow and with limited vocabulary .
 I recently recieved two of these for my girls age 6 and 8 . They are poorly made the lid is very flimsy and the buttons stick when the child is typing . Also , the silly cartoons that pop up are distracting to the child ... I have one that is at least 15 years old that still works beautifully these are a waste of money .
 I WAS TOLD IF I CAN NOT SAY ANYTHING GOOD THEN DO NOT SPEAK . COME ON CHRISTMAS EVE . TO LATE TO RETURN . SO IT WAS A BAD CHRISTMAS DO TO THIS N OTHERS LIKE THIS . I DIDNT EVEN WANT TO GIVE IT A SINGLE STAR.LOOKS LIKE FEELS LIKE WORKED -LRB- WORKED -RRB- LIKE DOLLAR 1 $ STORE ITEM
 I bought this for my 7-year-old daughter so that I would n't have to constantly help her spell words . But the spell checker on this is very weak . There have been numerous times she 'd spell a word phonetically and the suggested word list of correctly spelled words was nowhere near the word she was trying to use . -LRB- Oftentimes because the word itself was not part of the word bank . -RRB- Yet my 20-year-old Seiko Spell Checker/Dictionary/Thesaurus often suggested the correctly spelled word immediately -LRB- based on the same wrong spelling -RRB- . If you are simply looking for a limited spell checker/dictionary of commonly used words , this is okay . If you want a spell checker that helps your child to spell words without your assistance , look at other brands/versions . This one seems more geared to being cute -LRB- saying hello to your child when they turn it on -RRB- and offering games for them to play . It does n't do as much to help young , enthusiastic writers to broaden their vocabulary and enhance their spelling ability . I 'm going with a better version because this one is more of a toy than a tool .
 I did my homework on this one . I read the previous post about the lid being flimsy , so I was very careful when I recieved the item and snapped the lid on . It went on , then once it was opened the lid came right off , so I snapped it back on and noticed the little plastic piece that holds the lid on was snapped off . Mind you there are only 2 little plastic knobs for the lid , one on each side . If one side does n't have it , then the lid wo n't stay on . My son was so excited to finally get it , that I figured hey it will be fine without the flimsy lid . -LRB- and yes the lid is a very thin plastic -RRB- In hindsight I should have sent it back right then and there , but in reading the previous post they said that their kids used it just fine without the lid . Today is day 2 , my son came home with it in his backpack went to use it for his homework and the screen was cracked ! -LRB- obviously from not having the lid and a book or something heavy smashing it -RRB- He was so bummed ! I was so bummed , and now I kick myself for not sending the darn thing back as soon as the lid broke off right out of the box!On the bright side he really used it , and I loved not havng to spell every word for him . Now if I can just find one that has a quality hard lid that does n't break off ! I 'm sure the spelling/dictionary/games are all the same , but the trick is finding one that is well made !
 I bought this dictionary for my 3rd grade daughter to help her on spelling . The excitement was gone in 30 minutes after not being able to find more than 3 words in 10 searches . Many easy words ca n't be found , and most of word descriptions are so simple that she still ca n't really understand the full meaning of the words.The calculator feature in the dictionary is pretty much useless.She likes to play Hangman with me , but we always have to add the word to the word list , and ask Hangman to get the word from the list.There is also a game called fun with Spanish and French . . it was interesting to look the sentences in Spanish & French once , and that is about it.The screen resolutoin is very low , so the letters are quite jaggy.I am very disappointed with this particular dictionary . Maybe I should try the other more expensive models .
 I hate this phone . I bought it on sale from another vendor and ca n't return it . The main problem is consistent buzzing/humming background noise , so loud that friends insist on calling me back on my digital cordless phone -LRB- which has awful reception , too . -RRB- This has persisted in two apartments and multiple locations throughout each apartment , so I doubt that it 's interference . I am convinved this phone is very poor quality and would not recommend it to anyone .
 i have had this phone for only two months . it is already not working . real junk . very unsatisfied with this product . will never buy from this company again .
 I bought this phone liking the price tag ... It has nice features like Caller ID
 I 'm returning this phone after only one week . The static on the line and interference are horrible . The phone continually misreads phone numbers I input and the LCD indicates there is a `` message waiting '' when there are none . I was trying to get by buying a cheap phone -- you get what you pay for .
 this phone is not good there is static and mine broke after 8 months of use stay away from this phone .
 The 9122 is comfortable and has a nice feel , an easily navigatible keypad and a nice LCD screen , but the overall sound quality on the phone I got was terrible . All conversations exhibited a weird `` etherial '' lingering of the voice coming through the earpiece , and I heard the same thing as I spoke into the mic . It 's hard to explain . It 's not the voice echoing typical of 2.4 GHz digital phones ... more of a hissy lingering of words . People on the other end said I sounded fine , but what I was hearing on my end was really annoying . Incoming volume was n't even as good as an old VTech 9211 I have . The one feature I DID like is when another phone on the same line is being used , `` Extension In Use '' is displayed on the LCD . But that certainly does n't justify wasting money on this phone.I returned it and got a Panasonic KX-TC1703B with more features for the same price , and it 's been fantastic .
 It was almost impossible to install the batteries , the voice was not clear enough and the batteries went out way too quickly
 This is a real waste of money.My children were very excited about it and it worked for a while.However , it was treated gently and not abused but lasted only a short while.For this price I expected more .
 I BOUGHT ONE FOR MY 10 YEAR OLD FOR CHRISTMAS . IT TELLS YOU HOW TO SPELL A WORD , IT TELLS YOU HOW TO PRONOUCE IT IN SPANISH IF IT 'S MALE/FEMALE ETC. . BUT IT CAN NOT BE USED AS A DICTIONARY TO TELL YOU THE MEANING OF A WORD . IT ONLY TOLD US THE DEFINATION OF 1 WORD OUT OF ALL THE WORDS WE ENTERED . WE HAD TO PURCHASE ANOTHER ITEM TO GET US WHAT WE WANT.PS-WE ALREADY OWN SEVERAL DICTIONARIES WE JUST WANTED SOMETHNG THAT WOULD HELP QUICKEN THE PACE WHILE DOING HOMEWORK .
 This dictionary is good for the kids who are in grade 1 or 2 . It has limited vocabulary . Speech is poor . The main problem I found is that it froze many times while looking for the words and I had to reset the battery . On the whole , it did n't meet my expectation.I suggest to have a kindle or similar e-readers which can have a handy dictionary and much more than that . Are there any good speaking-dictionaries as kindle apps ?
 The one I 've got turns off and ca n't be turned on until you remove and re-insert batteries . This knocks off 2 stars -LRB- otherwise would be 3.5-4 -RRB-
 With computer technology being what it is today , this product is really inferior . It seemed like more of a toy , and I could not take it seriously as an educational tool . The text display is difficult to read . I returned the one I ordered , as I felt my money could be spent on something better .
 we ca n't find lots of new vocabularies from the dictionery although it 's fun for kid to learn by speaking the word out . The only thing I liked it best is that it provides handwriting letters for kids to learn . I suggest that kids under 8 can buy it .
 This is a piece if junk . I have never written a review in my life but its so bad that I was forced to write this . I bought this for my son in 2nd grade and he can never find what he is looking for . I am going to buy another one for him now . Do n't waste your money on this junk .
 I purchased this for my twin daughters ' birthday . We could n't get it to work for more than 5 minutes . It kept getting stuck -LRB- we could n't even turn it on or off to clear it -RRB- . No wonder there is a reset button on the back of the unit as this was the only way to solve the problem . Also the speaker sometimes crackled . Perhaps there was a short in the unit ; hence , all the problems . The voice sounded terrible and very mechanical . As my daughter played tic-tac-toe , it kept saying ` my turn ' every time it was the computer 's turn . It sounded really weird and annoying . I 've asked for a full refund . I 'm looking for something of more quality . Too bad , it looked like a really cute product .
 It works fine . But do n't buy this product unless you want to change the batteries every week . My son was so frustrated about it . Then I decided to buy an upgraded version , KID-1250 . It has the same problem .
 My 11 year old autistic son loved this talking dictionary until it stopped reading the words after about a week . It was never handled roughly . It just stopped rather suddenly for no apparent reason . Of course - the paperwork that came with it basically said , oh well . too bad . Other reviews suggested it would n't last - but I wanted to give it a try .
 This is a waste of time and money . The light `` included '' does n't light up anything . Do n't bother -- you will only strain your eyes .
 I thought this would be just the thing to have handy when reading and come across a new word . As others said , the built in light is not very bright and the bigger problem I had was when I was keying in the word I needed a definition for , I had to press down hard to get the letter to register . One word took 3 tries !! Did n't keep this one-certainly not worth the money .
 I ordered this in spite of some of the bad reviews about the light ; I did n't need the book light so I was n't concerned that it was n't bright enough . However , when the dictionary arrived , many of the buttons did n't work , such as L , M , and other letters in that corner of the keybord . The on/off button only works sporadically . I 'm returning this product .
 Never bother to look at it . I ordered recently -LRB- March 20 , 2011 -RRB- and three keys -LRB- I , K and L -RRB- do not work at all . The other keys work but I have to press them really hard and lay the dictionary body flat on a book . If I hold the dictionary in hand , most keys would not work . It is cheap but why should we waste money and time for nothing ? It is not even worth the time to return it . However , I still decided to return it for refund as I could not let the vendor make money from junk .
 bought 2 . . the first one died after a month ... the second never did work , and came with corroded batteries . .
 I do n't like this at all . The light comes across the page instead of down onto the page . The flat board-like shape makes typing in words and having it register nearly impossible unless on a hard flat surface , and even then it barely works . I 'd look for another one .
 Did not work . The display was garbage and unreadable .10 or more words required is stupid .3 more words required
 This product did not work . The dictionary 's batteries were bad , leading and corroded . I replaced the old batteries and put in new AAA batteries . Afterwards the dictionary did turn on , but only 3 keys worked the letters w & e and space bar . For my experience this is a bad bookmark dictionary . I originally purchased it for my 6 year old who wanted a book mark with a dictionary . So I did n't want to invest that much money into this product , although now it looks like I will be paying a lot more money for a better working one . Perhaps it has worked for others , but I will not purchase another one from a different company .
 There is a glitch in the software so it does not bring up the right words . If you buy it , start typing in jacuzzi and see what happens . This one went back - recommend you save yourself the trouble .
 I was suckered by the price of such a seemingly amazing product . Amazon should give these away for free ! Almost impossible to use , negligible light that wears out battery , died in 5 weeks of minimal use , all for less than $ 7.00 ! I 'm not a happy customer .
 For the first time i turn in on , and i can only use 1 of the buttons , so i tried to turn in off to remove the batteries and try it again but obviously the button `` off '' do n't work , the concept is great and i really want it , but seriously this advice just do n't work , do n't waste your money
 I ordered one of these , and one for my book reading friend . I kept mine , and wrapped hers . I just got to see her yesterday and was embarrassed when she opened hers , to find that the AAA batteries were corroded . I went back home and checked mine and my batteries , too were corroded.After we both replaced the batteries with our own , it appears to work well .
 I bought this product because I just wanted a cheap dictionary that fit easily inside my books for whenever I came across a word that I wanted to see the definition for . However , I personally found it to be a waste of money . I barely got any use out of it , because nearly every time I used it half of the letters would n't work on the keyboard , thus rendering it practically useless . I tried resetting it and replacing the battery , both of which made it work the first time I used it again , then it quit working again after that . If you 're like me and you just want a portable , convenient dictionary that fits inside your books , I would suggest spending a little more money on a better quality one because this one just is n't worth wasting your time or money on .
 Several keys did n't work - how many words can you spell without E , D , C , R , V , F ?! Waste of money .
 Well it 's my fault I did n't look at the reviews before buying the product . I bought this because of the dictionary not the lighting . To my surprise , most of the keys do not work!I just wasted money on this .
 This is my second bookmark dictionary . The first lasted 3 months before some of the keys stopped working . Still , I really liked it and thought I would just treat a new one with kid gloves . When they work , they are a good value . This one did n't work out of the box . I will return it .
 Complete piece of junk . Some of the letters do n't work . My daughter could not get many of the extra functions to work , either . More frustration than help .
 i bought this for my 8 years old cousin . Keyboard is like touch screen buttons . right side of the keyboard buttons are not even working even for the first time . and light is so dim . dont waste your money .
 I 've bought three of them . None could be used , because all three pieces were with a totally unresponsible keyboard , due to oxidation . The problem is , I 've found it one week later , when I was back in Brazil . Fortunately one of them was for personal use -LRB- the other two were gifts to friends -RRB- .
 when i received it , it was broken . . the pad didnt work to type in the word . my sister was so disappointed . ended up getting her an actual dictionary
 this was NOT a happy experience . After purchasing item received word from the seller that it was already sold and there was a mix up in the listing . Had of course already paid for the item and now have to go through the process of receiving reimbursement .
 This impersonation of a fax machine was nothing less of a paperweight . It jammed paper as much as my favorite blues band . The programming menu never worked right . I would set it to NOT RECEIVE , and guess what . . IT RECEIVED . Most of all , it would constantly say `` CHECK PAPER '' with the paper IN the tray . Today I had taken it out by the plug and smashed it into the walk alongside my house ... Boy do I feel better !!! AVOID THIS GARBAGE .
 Yes this was an inexpensive purchase - but it still was n't worthwhile . The machine and manual are not very user friendly . The quality of the copies is pretty bad and the cartridge ran out after only a few uses . Not even worth the $ 80 it cost me .
 I bought this today and it will go back to the store tomorrow.It ate a piece of paper That I still can not find . Paper jam is all it knows . New machine shredded the film cartridge . Not worthy of keeping it as a paper weight . Sends quite well and recieves fine , just wo n't print and hates paper . Great price and features if you can get it to work !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Save your $ $
 I 've had this fax machine for only a few months and have received almost no faxes -LRB- except ones not solicited -RRB- and it tells me to get a new cartridge . I think it is not user friendly and it does not give enough copies for an expensive cartridge . I have just dragged out my old fax machine to use again . Think before buying this machine . I wish I had .
 I 've had this fax machine for at least 10 years now . From day one it 's had trouble printing out a confirmation sheet . Fortunately I only use it to do an occassional fax but I have to guess that whatever I sent made it to where it 's supposed to go . It always complains there 's a jam when there is no jam and the printing feature always tries to suck in too much paper gets mad at me . Thankfully , the main fax scanner works like it should otherwise I 'd have put this in the garbage eons ago . Another minor annoyance is that the phone does n't sit snuggly enough in the cradle . Just blow on it and it falls right off . I 'm here today looking for another machine since I will need to fax alot more often now and I do n't want to rely on faulty equipment .
 I got this just to have on hand for the occasional fax needs , so I did n't need anything fancy . But this fax machine is pretty weak . I was faxing refinance documents today and had to start over three times because it kept sucking in 6 pages at a time -LRB- my paper is exactly the paper they recommend to use in the feeder . -RRB- Even manually feeding isnt intuitive . It wants to grab everything in the tray , even the stuff you are holding onto . Then I got a `` check document error '' that alternated with `` press stop , '' so I listened to it , and everything stopped and I have no idea if the fax went through . Also got an `` add paper '' error . But I was only sending . I humored it and added paper . It did n't believe me.Here 's the thing , I can read the manual and figure out what all the errors mean . But a. -RRB- it ca n't handle multiple page docs unless you manually feed one at a time and b. -RRB- I needed it today for two things , yet got probably 5 error flashes , and I still have no idea if my docs went.It 's a fax machine for god 's sake . Should n't it be able to handle faxing two documents out?Weak , I tell you . Weak . So weak , that it inspired my first Amazon review . I 've used Amazon since day one . So yeah , I 'm thinking you should skip this one and spring for a little better quality . It will be worth it even if you only use it once in a while . Trust me .
 This fax machine is not worth buying . It is flimsy , takes forever to send and receive faxes , and the ink ribbon lasts about 2 weeks -LRB- and thats with little use ! -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and buy another model or another Brother fax . The FAX 775 just is n't worth it .
 Despite very little use , this machine constantly `` jams '' -LRB- though no paper is actually jammed , it gives this error message -RRB- , and says `` check paper '' when plenty of paper is present . Every error massage is accompanied by the most annoying 3 second tone possible . Calls to customer service yielded nothing but hold times so long that I just gave up . I 'll never buy another Brother product again .
 I set this machine up exactly how it said but it NEVER WORKED . All it kept saying was that it was trying to connect . I let my dad take it apart -LRB- since he 's always curious about machines -RRB- and then i threw it out . Not even worth the trouble to return it .
 This machine was horrible and should be taken off the market . I was on the phone with brother for hours trying to get it work and they could not even help me . Garbage
 I have been through 3 of these machines over the years . The first one lasted for years and years . I only raplaced it because it got too dirty to have on display in my office.The second one only lasted about a year before it started to not pull the carbon paper through to make the print.I have now bought my 3rd machine figuring that the 2nd one was just a lemmon . Now this machine only lasted a week before it started doing the same thing , and the local dealer says that it is not worth fixing.I know that I am not paying a lot of money for the machine , but it should last more than a week.I still have 6 of the 301 cartridge so I think I will try one more machine.Wish me luck !!!!!
 I would take pleasure in smashing this piece of junk to bits . The machine is tempermental . It hangs up regarding the bulk paper input stack ; it frequently refuses the paper I wish to fax or copy ; its scanner resolution is very poor ; its output quality is terrible ; it has much difficulty in scanning documents that have a background image , and it wastes an enormous amount of that expensive carbon paper that it uses as ink source ; and it is S-L-O-W in every respect . The fact that it is named with a derivative of the name ` Intelligent ' is an insult , and I do n't intend to ever purchase anything else made by BROTHER again . Get another brand machine .
 I am on my second Brother Intellifax 775 . The first one I threw out because of paper jamming problems and I 'm ready to throw the current one away for the SAME reason as well . They work fine for approximately 6 months and then you get paper jams with EVERY incoming fax to the point of not being able to retrieve a fax and loosing all information that was sent to you . The roller stops feeding the paper through . I cleaned every single part I could get at and it has not helped . Also , my fax recipients tell me that my faxes have lines running through them to the point of sometimes not being able to read what I 've sent . I do n't do a lot of faxing so it 's not due to extreme use . The price is cheap ... the performance -- cheaper . STAY AWAY from this model !
 This machine needs improving . Most of the time , I get communication errors or poor line condition if the receiving side has a bit of noise on the line . Then , it auto prints a report stating the problem which is a waste of paper because you see the error on the display screen . Very confusing to use . I would not recommend it .
 I without doubt regret my purchase of this product . I am currently in both the AP Spanish Language and Literature classes and I thought that using some of my spending money to help me save time on translation would make my life more efficient . I was WRONG !!! First of all , the translations themselves are very limited . Example phrases using the verbs are only minimal , and especially in class I found myself more asking my teacher because the word or phrase was n't in the dictionary . Limited Old Spanish , if you 're reading works , even like Don Quijote , you ca n't look up a lot of the words . Limited verb conjugations - they have the basic ones , but if you 're teacher or professor & c. ; want you to know the future subjunctive , it 's not there , and a lot of the times , -LRB- unless you have had it long enough to know better , -RRB- it freezes between the different tenses and moods it has , and then you over click and it passes the screen you want . It has extra useless features like a 4-function calculator that I wish were deleted and used for more phrases and words . Also , not very good with regionalisms ; E.g. I was chatting with a Spainish native speaker and she used the verb chiflar , and it was n't defined in multiple ways in the dictionary , so was forced to I ask a biliingual from my school what it meant.Lastly , and something I know from experience , is that this product is of poor quality . I do n't know why or how or where or by whom it is made , but the manufacturer , especially with respect to the screen and keys , makes these little translators from poor quality material . I had several keys break off within a year of having my firs translator and have had both screens break on me because of light pressure - no more than a junkie book that was pressing at the wrong spot . I find the amazon price to be over-rated for such a delicate product when there are products I can find in my local department store - Target , Walmart , Kmart , & c. ; - that have covers and that my friends find more helpful and that are under $ 30 or $ 20 . Hence , I rate this translator a 1-star product .
 DBE-1470U failed . This was the third one to fail . Complained to Franklin . They offered me a new one for 39.99 . I ordered . Guess what ? They shipped me a different model , a DBE-1500 without warning me . I have a French-English chip that fit in the rear of the DBE-1470U . The new DBE-1500 will not accept chips . I 'm out $ 20 for my now-useless chip and no longer have French-English translation capability . Thanks Franklin and no more Franklin for me .
 I liked this product for about two weeks , until the first time it fell from the desktop to the floor , breaking the display to the point of being useless . It seems to be overly fragile , with the display not well protected .
 A neat package that suffers from diminutive size . This dictionary is small . Buttons are too small ; screen font is too small , even with adjustable font some on screen displays are unaffected . Navigation arrows are not intuitively placed , and a nuisance to use . Older machine that this replaced was far better ; had a nice big screen font , easy to read ; nice big buttons , intuitively placed navigation arrows . Device now sits in a drawer ; got a nice Spanish-English dictionary from the dollar store !
 Screen was very hard to read . I returned this item . Be careful when ordering it . Returns to this company , which is n't Amazon , are only allowed on defective items . I returned the item a month ago and still have n't received a refund .
 Very unhappy and disappointed.I did n't need this . I wanted a regular Franklin English dictionary to look up definitions of english words . I wish I 'd be able to return it !!
 This phone has a glaring omission , namely , it does not accommodate a duplexed line . Hence , you must have two separate jacks connected to have two line connectivity . No other phone requires that . All have an input permitting a single jack which carries both lines.As a result , I have not used the telephone and can not report on its overall quality .
 The design and features of this phone are n't bad . It seemed like a good value at the time . But having had it for a while now I 've become dissappointed . The sound quality is not very good . Sound is not clear with a constant background hissing static . And the volume is low even at max volume . But the most significant problem with this phone is that it drops about 30-40 % of the incoming calls when you answer them . You press the button to answer and the handset starts searching for the base unit , dropping the call . Problem exists on all my handsets . Will not buy VTech again , as I 've heard others complain of same problem .
 I have owned this system for several years , and have also experienced frequently dropped calls , due to the handsets periodically crashing and rebooting when a call is picked up . Also , the headset jacks mounts are held in place soley by the cheap and flimsy solder joints on the circuit board , which is unacceptable for the type of traffic a cordless phone experiences . Two out of three headset jacks on my system had become non-functional after 18 months of normal use . My sister had a similar experience with a completely different VTech model . There is no indication from VTech that this design sloppiness has been addressed in subsequent models , so no more VTech in my future . Great feature set , but NOT recommended for reliability or the long haul .
 My son made good use of it for the semester until the screen cracked . He had it in his backpack . Even the separate compartment did not help it survive against the heavy textbooks . He asked for another one but I am hesitating because of the cost for such a short life .
 I was not please with this dic-thes . at all . I needed this device for college and was quick to discover there are several words it did not contain in its `` extensive '' memory . I also recommend you guys to get a dictionary-thesaurus ' with larger buttons . I did n't realize just how small the buttons are , and I 'm a girl . I can just imagine a boy trying to type in a word in this thing . The ones with bigger buttons are not but one inch bigger than this one , so the claims of this being `` compact '' and perfect for school is unnecessary . This is not one to buy ...
 Need `` up/down '' scroll buttons -LRB- go to the `` enlarge '' picture - does n't show them - and NO , the `` Next/Previous '' buttons do n't scroll up/down -RRB- The the manual refers to `` up/Down '' buttons extensively , but they do n't exist and you NEED to scroll ! ie 8-line display , but 9 games - ca n't get to all games , ... ca n't get to all menus ... to all definitions ... encyclopedia descriptions ... books longer than 8 lines ?! hmmm ! Franklin wo n't post this review info on their site - infact , for the '' # 1 selling dictionary product '' -LRB- probably because Costco sells it -RRB- , they do n't have ANY reviews ! - I 'll bet * # @ #grh @ ## !! is n't in their dictionary !
 I bought this for my girlfriend , who wanted an electronic dictionary to use while reading books or doing crosswords.Overall , we 're rather disappointed , to the extent that we 're going to return it and get a different model . The specifications claim it is the `` Merriam Webster Dictionary '' , but it lacks definitions of many words . Some of the definitions are laconic , one-liners , where a little more explanation would be nice . I think it 's rather dishonest to portray this as the Merriam Webster dictionary when it lacks so many words that are in the real one . For example , while doing a crossword we looked up `` Quilter '' in the online dictionary - not found , but it _ is _ in the real M-W . Another big issue - anything that 's vaguely slang-like or potentially offensive has been scrubbed from the dictionary . This might be good if you wanted to offer it as a gift to a child -LRB- though , there is already a children 's version for that -RRB- , but it 's rather condescending for adult users . Slang and swear words are an important part of the language , and to suppress them from a dictionary makes it that much less useful , not to mention the Orwellian overtones . -LRB- I believe the manufacturer , Franklin , has some connection with Christianity - they seem to offer a lot of Bible add-ons for their products and also sell Bibles - which may explain the `` censorship '' . -RRB- I did n't have it for long enough to confirm or deny what others say about the poor battery life.Pros
 ... because it broke before I really had a chance to use it . I bought this dictionary to use at school , but it did n't even last a day in my backpack . The screen cracked beyond repair , and the plastic cover did nothing to protect it . My sister had one of these too , and she had the same problem . If it ca n't last in any place where it might get banged around a bit , it 's not very durable.A person mentioned that it does n't have scroll buttons . It does have scroll buttons , but I had difficulty finding them because they 're on the side , not where the instructions booklet said they are . When I did find them , they were somewhat difficult to use because they 're hard to press.Maybe the dictionary is good , but if you plan on carrying this around with you , I do n't recommend it .
 I wanted an inexpensive , small device that I could keep in my backpack with addresses and telephone numbers , and synchronize with a `` master '' that I 'd keep on my PC . So I bought this . First , I learned that the advertised `` PC Synchronization '' capability requires you to shell out another $ 7.95 and wait another few weeks for delivery . Second , when I installed the PC Synchronization software on my PC , I learned that it lacks even a rudimentary import or export feature , so I 'd have to retype all the 300 + addresses currently in my electronic addressbook . Finally , I learned that there 's a limit of about 36 characters on the `` address '' and `` notes '' fields of the database , meaning I do not even have room to store enter my own , relatively simple address , let alone a multi-line business address or reasonable notes like the names of people 's children or the date that I updated a record.I 'm sure there are more gotchas I could learn if I spent more time working with it , but I do n't have more time to waste on this useless piece of electronics .
 I could n't figure out how to operate the organizer . The instructions were very poor , and incomplete . They should have included specific tasks , and how to do them .
 This product is garbage . The print is way too small , there is no light on the screen , it can not be synced to a computer . This product was a waste of money .
 This is an extremely poorly designed Digital Organizer . The screen is difficult to read , adding addresses , etc. is very time consuming and frankly not worth the effort . We returned the unit for a refund .
 This is definitely not for seniors although I have very good eyesight . It is so small and confusing . But the worst part is that all of the icons you need to use are at the bottom of the device in slate grey against a slate grey background making it next to impossible to read let alone to use , I shipped mine back to Amazon .
 The biggest problem was needing to change 3 CR 2032 batteries every 2 or 3 weeks . Within 2 months I already spent more than I paid for the organizer in batteries . I threw it out . Other than that
 This product-the Roldex RT8214 PDA appears to be a bargain . It is n't ! The most important function to me for this unit was the stated ability to sync the entries on the Rolodex with a computer using a supplied USB cable . After a couple of frustrating hours I gave up trying to get it to sync . It would not recognize any of the ports . I do n't have this problem with any other USB device I 've connected to my desktop.It is very cumbersome to input data to it -LRB- hence the need for the sync function -RRB- They advertise a calculator function . WOW the calculator display is compressed into the size of a postage stamp-at best You 'd need 20/10 vison to have a shot at seeing it.The supplied instructions are lousy . If I had bought it from a store it would be back there now.The only value I 've gotten from it is to use the supplied CR 2032 3 volt batteries for something else.Really spend a few more bucks and get a real PDA . I 've wasted the money I spent for this useless piece of equipment .
 Shame on me this time to purchase this organizer . It 's not user friendly and the touch pad is difficult at times . I do not recommend it .
 I ca n`t transfer datas between the Rolodex device and my personal PC -LRB- Windows XP Prof. I have installed the Desktop Manager sofware CD in my personal PC , and I can not to use both.However , The Rolodex Organizer does n`t have several functions that I need
 This ring is 1.75 inches from the tip of the diamond to the end of the band . The rings around the engagement ring are about a half an inch in diameter .
 quality of printing is worse than an old typewriter . copying quality very bad too . no way of controling anything . machine does n't obey set ups . returning mine .
 This machine actually has a piece of carbon paper on a roll that you have to re-roll or replace every time it runs out . It 's unbelievable in this information age to have to deal with such a rinky-dink set-up . The copies are n't consistent at all . There are much better choices available .
 This FAX machine is not worth the paper you 'll print messages on . It comes with a ribbon reminiscent of some manual typewriter you discarded in the pre-computer era , except that that old typewriter did a better job . Incoming FAXes are barely legible , a fact you 'll discover after you 've spent your entire evening trying to set this bozo up . Outgoing FAXes work better . The phone part is a lightweight piece of junk . I did n't get so far as any incoming messages . ...
 I hate this fax.Trying to insert a new cartridge is an exercise in frustration . I 've been at it for a half hour now , and ca n't figure it out .
 re
 Sometimes we received our faxes , and other times we got blank papers . Also had problems faxing . Called Brother and they are in the process of replacing it ... . hope it works better . We know it is n't our phone line because we have an all-in-one printer and when we hook it up to that machine we received every fax .
 All I can say is wow : -LRB- I 've bought many Avery Dennison products over the years . I worked for the company long ago , as did other family members . I had occasion to meet Stan Avery several times back when he ran the place . Was always good products for a good price , overall a good value . So I did n't do the math when I bought these labels . I was stunned to discover only 4 SHEETS IN THE PACKAGE ! So I repeat WOW . Let the buyer beware . I 've always been loyal to Avery labels , never even considered another brand . Until now .
 I had hoped for more Saint specific advice -LRB- especially nutrition and obedience training -RRB- . This book may be useful to a first time dog-owner but if you are looking for advice breed specific , this book is not it !
 This book was disapointing , I really needed some more specific tips on feeding and training . This may be a good overview book for someone who is trying to decide if they would like to own a Saint Bernard , but as far as answering specific questions and needs this book did n't do a very good job .
 I have to say , out of all of the purchases I have made on Amazon , this has been the worst . The independent Amazon seller who sold this to me was great in regards to shipping it to me at a blazing fast speed . The product , however , was just plain bad.I opened up the packaging and took out the mount . Then I set it up using the directions and equipment provided.When I mounted the monitor and placed it into position , which I have to admit was very difficult , I let it go . The stand seemed like it could n't hold my 17 '' monitor - the monitor dropped onto my desk , as the arm failed to hold it.I have to admit , for $ 16 , this was kind of expected . I 'd pay three times this price for a mount that actually works - and will most likely end up doing so .
 `` just grab your monitor and move it where you want it `` Well , grab it very firmly with two hands and you CAN move it , but do n't expect good results . It 's very rigid , and does n't move smoothly at all . And when I try to raise the monitor , it simply falls back down to the desk . I emailed them for assistance , and I must admit they were very prompt in replying . Here 's the answer I got from them , which did n't work : `` Here is a tightening procedure that we advise in your case : * You will need a 3/16 and 5/32 Allen wrench * Loosen the setscrew on the left slightly -LRB- 1 turn should do it -RRB- with the 3/16 Allen wrench * Tighten or loosen the larger bolt as needed with the 5/32 Allen wrench * Re-tighten the setscrewYou should not need to turn them too far - turning too far will strip them . We actually now use Loctite on them to discourage this . `` I gave it a try , and still could n't get it to work properly . Needless to say , I 'm returning mine and buying a different brand .
 Speakerphone worked great . The batteries would not hold a charge for long and buttons were hard to press .
 It 's a great book and the only thing I carry at college , but $ 5 on Amazon ? Really ? These are less than a buck at local stores ...
 ~ $ 5 is way too expensive for a notebook , no matter how good its quality is . You can get these at local stores -LRB- e.g. Staples -RRB- for around one buck of equal quality -LRB- just not the Mead brand -RRB- .
 I have bought this lesson plan book in the past . It is the best plan book I have found up until this last purchase . I am a teacher and need 40 weeks of plans . Unfortunately this year the plan book only contained 35 weeks . Where did the extra 5 weeks of planning pages go ? I had to take my time and copy extra pages from the book so I would have enough to plan for the year . I am very disappointed and frustrated with the situation . I would have called to complain to receive a new book but I had already written in the plan book not expecting the 5 weeks to be missing .
 My son had to use these for a school project and when he brought them into school the teacher said that they were worthless and he should have sent them back ... We 'll never purchase anything like this again on the internet .
 The thing would not work ... the money to ship back to manufacturer was more than the product cost so I lost my money . Thieves !!!!
 I wanted a remote to control iTunes and DVDs . Had to switch from PowerDVD to Windows Media to get DVD control , which meant finding and downloading a patch to get DVDs to work in Windows Media . I have not really tested the range so I ca n't comment on that , but the functionality is disappointing . In both iTunes and Windows Media the buttons do things that are n't what they say-in iTunes volume down turns the volume up , mute turns the volume down , and there is nothing that actually mutes . Had to experiment to figure out where the functions I wanted were , and many are missing -LRB- even though there are clearly buttons for the purpose . Yeah , it slides into your PC card slot , but I find that 's mostly where it stays-doesn ' t work well enough to take it out and use it . I found it extremely frustrating and wish I had bought something big and clunky and cheap instead . Maybe I just got a crappy one , but I certainly would n't recommend it .
 Very easy product to install . Just plug it in , no install software , no options . Small size and arries USB attacthment in the back . RF much better than infrared.It works by appearing to be a keyboard . When you push Pause it sends a control-p to the software , or a different key if you have selected iTunes or the video player.However , there are two problems .1 -RRB- Microsoft changed the control keys in WMP 11 so it no longer works with that package .2 -RRB- From time to time any media player will `` lose focus '' when some other window pops up on your computer . The emulated keystrokes now go to the other application and you have to get up and use the mouse to click back in the media playing app.I used it for over a year with the previous version of WMP . The losing focus issues is a hassle , but nothing is perfect . For me , though , not being able to control WMP is a killer .
 For years I used a DYMO Label Maker 320 with no problem . Recently I upgraded to the model 400 . I expected to plug it in , load the software from the enclosed CD , and start making lables . Boy , was I wrong . The 400 printed one lable and quit . No error message ; no nothing . I went to the DYMO website , which told me to follow some directions to remove part of the installed software . I did what it said , but nothing improved . After several hours of aggrevation , I finally found what they call a `` firmware update '' that fixed the problem . In short , they put out a plug and play machine with software that does n't work out of the box , and then did a poor job of telling the unsuspecting user how to upgrade it to fix their original mistake . Shame on you DYMO ! I no longer recommend their lable maker .
 I was all excited when my boss decided to get one of these to replace our typewriter labeling system . I remained excited until the first time I swtiched form one kind of label to another . After loading a diffrent label type I tried to print and nothing happened . Nothing happened the next 417 times I tried to print , either . Nothing happened after I tried all of the website 's troubleshooting techniques . Then I called customer support . I put the phone on speaker and listed to hold music and promotional pitches for 1.5 hours before giving up . I hope they did n't throw away my typewriter ...
 The label writer I received in the mail did n't work . It kept jamming the label into the dispensing mechanism .
 Dymo , as with may companies is , IMHO , very bad at writing software . Although I love the functionality of the printer , I hate their software , which has given me many problems over time . Does n't work with Excel , does n't work with Quickbooks , just barely works with Outlook , which is where I do most of my label printing . So beware their latest version 8.0 for Office 2010 . It crashed Excel , and made the whole Office 2010 programs load extremely slowly.I wish they would hire somebody decent to write their software , then this thing would be 5 stars . As it is , beware .
 After using for over a month the priter , - for reasons unknown - fails to print - advances 1 label & shows printer errors thereafter
 It has been 2 weeks and I have returned it twice . Software doesnt work and it doesnt print . Save yourself the stress and buy something else . NOT WORTH IT . .
 I purchased a LabelWriter about a year ago and had nothing but problems with it . I exchanged the unit for a new one and surprise ! surprise ! have the same problems . Would not buy under any circumstances .
 I am usually pretty forgiving when it comes to mistakes in manuals or simple things to fix , but this has been an awful experience so far.Printer arrives and I go to install it - following the printed directions . Turns out the drivers they send with the printer are out of date so you have to go searching for new updated ones . Those do n't work either on my system -LRB- Windows 7 64-bit -RRB- so I try uninstalling , re-installing , removing drivers and directories , re-installing - nothing works . I go check out their web site - no help . I google for solutions - no help . 90 minutes later ... Finally in desperation I ask for help -LRB- I hate having to ask for help because they usually are n't too helpful -RRB- . Upon finsihing the writing of a long detailed message into their web site and clicking `` Submit '' ... Yep you guessed it ... I get an error : -- Error 500Internal Server ErrorThere has been an internal server error . Please contact the system administrator.Please click here to go the DYMO Global country selector page -- Wow what a terrible product , a terrible experience , and terrible service . This puppy is getting shoved back into a box and mailed back to Amazon .
 This is a terrible product . If you can get it to print , the labels look great , but it will only print a few labels before stops for no reason that I can find . I get an error that it did n't print but no reason why . I 've installed on two different PCs , one is brand new and same thing happens . Software is also pretty useless.It also prints many blank labels which gets quite expensive.The online help is a joke and the technical support take 48 hrs to respond .
 I have two of the similar , earlier model 330 , one at home and one at work . They have both suffered power supply failures , having survived through the warranty period but not much longer . Dymo 's price for out-of-warranty repair is $ 75 each , which is a large fraction of the purchase price.It is possible , of course , that the newer model 400 is more reliable . Or not .
 DYMO software gurus outdid themselves . I 've had several other label machines -LRB- ie.CoStar -RRB- that were very simple to use and quick to produce one or two labels at a time . This new DYMO USB -LRB- plug & play -RRB- did not play with other devices on my USB ports , so I had to unplug 2 other devices to get it to work . Then , it takes forever to make a label and START the printing . Is is lightning fast to produce the label once it starts . It is probably great for printing large quantities of labels , but for my one or two at a time , it is painful . I returned to using my old CoStar hooked up to an old computer -LRB- I ca n't get software for my newer computer that works the old CoStar -RRB- . The new DYMO is gathering dust .
 I got this based on the high marks but I 'm not impressed with its ' performance . I think that some of the reviews are off-base . The application software is not that well designed ; it is not intuitive to navigate -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . Simple features you would expect from an application do n't work like copy -LRB- using ctl + c -RRB- and paste -LRB- using ctl + v -RRB- . I 'm surprised that no label templates are provided for Microsoft word.The hardware is also not well-designed . It fails to print for no obvious reason with no debug information . It also mangles labels that do print by pulling up label separators during the printing process.Dymo technical support was not helpful ; I used their website chat support and they were not able to help me make the printer work . I 'd like to think that as an engineer , I 'm fairly savvy about how things work , but I have not able to get the printer to perform well.I would not recommend this label printer .
 I have owned about 5 Dymo printers over the last 10 years or so . Why so many ? Because after about 2 years or so they ALL stopped working suddenly and inexplicably . Our company bought the 400 turbo about 20 months ago to replace another Dymo printer . After working for that time , it suddenly malfunctioned - like all the others before it . This really bothered me and caused me to wonder if there was a defect.This time I called customer service and spoke to a very unfriendly sounding person who asked , when was the last time I cleaned the unit . Never , I responded , should I have ? She explained that there is a cleaning card in the unit and you need to run it through the machine frequently - evidently the rollers collect dust and debris quickly and that clogs up the mechanism . Okay fine . I asked how often does it need to be cleaned , she told me every month or it will cause damage to the unit and that to fix it we would have to send it in and pay for the repair and damages caused by our neglect . Our neglect ? I explained that there are no directions on when or how to clean the unit included in the box . This is when she got really hostile and said that it is assumed you will be doing the maintenance and upkeep or pay for the damage . When I questioned her about this policy and she promptly hung up on me . Great customer service Dymo ... keep it up!So I tried to clean the unit but the cleaner card would not feed through the rollers . I think the these Dymo label printers are just too cheap to last very long.We just bought the Brother QL570 . It looks a lot better made and so far it performs great . Hopefully it will last longer than the Dymo junk .
 I have a LabelWriter 400 . Installed Dymo v8 software for the unit which is fine when it works . I am using Windows 7 -LRB- 64 -RRB- . It worked ok for a while then started giving me the error code `` Object reference not set to an instant of an object . '' and 51 other errors . Then it locks up my computer . Contacted Dymo support and after a week of back and forth was told to install v7 .8 software . I did and it solved the issue , but the software is very , very awkward , almost worthless . I told them I hated v7 .8 and wanted to use v8 . I got the following response
 I purchased this item a few years ago and it is the worst product I have ever used . EVER . It jams every time I want to print a label and when I press the feed button , it prints a bunch of blanks and wastes the very expensive labels that you have to buy from them . I have never before encountered such a poorly designed product .
 I 've owned and re-owned many DYMO label printers while running my own home based business and use them for a variety of my product labels . Be warned , after owning and re-purchasing many of these in the hope one would last , I have given up . These will work fine until one small label gets wrapped around the feeder then they will massively print out blank labels or get jammed to where your only options are micro surgery with tweezers for many hours or re-purchasing a new printer.The rolls of labels are insanely expensive even if you try to get generic brand.I have even had sales people try to sway me from buying these because of the amount of problems they have . It 's true please take it from someone who has used these waayy past the point of patience
 I just bought this desk and I 'm going to dismantle it and throw it away.I do n't know where to start . I knew that a desk sold by wal-mart could not be of good quality but I went against my better judgement and now I 'm out 600 bucks.the top of my hutch sinks in because the measurements are not accurate . The L piece that connects to the main part of the desk is impossibly hard to get flush . Also , the glass doors are almost impossible to line up accurately . I loved the contemporary look of this desk but do yourself a favor , buy something else .
 Ordered and received one of these direct from Wayfair and paid $ 104.99 including delivery . The finish is much darker than shown , there is probably $ 20 worth of costs to make , the unit was uneven at the base no matter where I placed it , the divider I received was broken and there was only 1 though 2 are shown . To give credit to Wayfair the first I ordered was `` natural '' and was a dark red oak finish and they were great to return and work with . I got clear which is still darker than pictured but reasonably close . The problem is that wood DVD holders are hard to find , yet at $ 155 this is incredibly overpriced .
 This is the worst item I 've ever bought from amazon in terms of the cost . Can one belief that I saw a similar product longer in length than this one at $ 1.95 ?
 this is the item i ordered however I received a damaged item . it could be it was damaged originally or got damaged during shipping .
 This rolling cart is so poorly designed that I feel obliged to leave my first negative product review . The cart is impossible to assemble . The black rings that hold up the shelves do not work correctly and wo n't stay in place while the shelves are pounded on to them -LRB- pounding is definitely required . -RRB- The first assembly instruction is to attach the wheels to the end posts but I ca n't help feeling that pounding shelves down on to a stable , motionless surface would have been an improvement . The wheels work great and the cart looks fine but mine is being held together with duct tape . I can not recommend this product .
 End piece on one of the shelves not welded on in alignment so the shelf does not mount . Excellent example of pure CRAP craftsmanship . Seville - get some quality control in place . This is going out in tomorrow 's trash .
 This item was described as easy to assemble but after working on it for two days , we had to return it . We called the company twice but all they told us was that they had a lot of complaints regarding assembly and were not nice nor helpful .
 The cart looks of quality , but I would n't know because I cant put it together . Go ahead and ask me , yes all the parts are not here , HUM !! I 'm thinking , if you sell something , should n't you include all the * # * @ * # @ # parts ? So , it gets better , How do you ask , Let me tell you . I called the manu ... . and they told me to fax my reciept in with a list of missing parts , and after two or three days they would process my MISSING PARTS order , not once did they say they were sorry . But , let me tell you that I will never buy from Seville Classics AGAIN !!!!!!!!!! P.S. I 'm not bitter , just scorned .
 I bought this particular cart to use as a part of my at-home dialysis set-up . The size was perfect and the price for a stainless steal cart was great . Unfortunately , that 's about all I can say that is of a positive nature . Who ever designed this thing must have never tried to assemble it , no less use it for anything . Instructions were poor to non-existent and I still have a bunch of pieces that I 'm not sure even belong to this product . I would return the stupid thing , but I had to cut the box up to get it out . Oh well , Amazon you got me this time !
 The package containing the cart arrived on Thursday and sat in its box in the house on Friday . When I arrived home from work Friday evening I wondered what the very strong , unpleasant smell in my house was . Turned out to be the cart 's wheels which smelled like creosote . Sickening.I left all the pieces outside overnight and washed the wheels Saturday to try to eliminate the stink . Decided it would probably have to be an outside cart for gardening chores . However , I may never get it completely put together as the top shelf is so difficult to fit on the posts I have n't been able to do it . Trying to hammer the top shelf over just enough to fit the last post in its hole , a piece of the wavy decoration around the edge fell off.I 've put together a number of wire shelves and have always been able to fit them together myself . This cart is a big disappointment .
 Completely rusted , 4 months after purchase.I too had difficulty getting the top shelf level.Couldnt get the 4th corner to level out .
 I purchased this cart in the last year and its fine in every way except today I noticed the metal parts of all four wheels are now completely covered in rust . Let me assure you the cart was not left in a wet location -LRB- a nearby but different cart is fine -RRB- . Perhaps I just got a bad lot with the wrong parts , or maybe your having the same issue if you purchased the cart ?
 Hello - is there anything more frustrating than waiting for an order only to find half of the parts missing ? No wheels , no handle ... what ? How hard is it to make sure the box has the complete contents . If it was a previous return , do you open the box and check before shipping it back out . No excuse for this lack of quality control ... is this really Amazon fulfillment ???? Now I have to re-pack it , figure out how to ship it back , wait again and hope it comes complete the next time ??? Horrible experience .
 this cart would be wonderful if it was actually the size it says it is . it was bought for a 60 pound portable dishwasher that is 17.75 in wide . the stats and box say this cart is 18in wide but it IS NOT ! its only 17.5 making it too small for our dishwasher due to the raised sides . i also can not return it now because i opened the box ... not happy .
 I took the plastic wrapping off of the clipboard and noticed a scratch on the backside -LRB- it is transparent -RRB- . . no big deal , right ? I put my papers into the clip and look at the scratch again to find more scratches . Very low quality coating or something , it scratches with the hint of a fingernail and I plan to use this daily in a home with two kids . I think I will buy one of those boring brown ones next time I am at the store . I wanted a funky one but not a junky scratched up board . Sad face . I also feel the clip part is going to break instantly and the part that comes out so you can hang it jingles at any slight movement . I know it is only a clipboard but I was so excited . I am now interested about the other reviews .
 I made the mistake of ordering 3 of these before trying it out first . Like a lot of un-assembled furniture , this lateral file comes with the usual assorted hardware of Ikea-style turn fasteners . It looks ok but the problem is the cheap particle board ... turn a screw just a little too much and you 're toast - the wood breaks right off leaving you with no way of getting the unit properly assembled.Besides that , I tilted one while trying to move it -LRB- while empty -RRB- and the cheap plastic foot broke right off . I had to use a piece of plywood as a patch to fix it . There 's no doubt this will not hold up to repeated use and am not putting anything heavy or of value on top of it . Plainly put it 's not good furniture , if you manage to get it assembled it will likely only weather a couple years of use . There 's cheaper furniture out there , but not by much . I spent an entire day putting together the three cabinets and learned my lesson . I will never waste my time with such cheap crap again .
 This is the only cordless clock-radio phone I was able to find anywhere , so I bought it.I followed the instructions which were extremely easy to understand . After the 12-hour charging time was completed , the battery beacon on the LCD screen was reading `` low '' so I continued charging it for 12 more hours . The condition did n't change . I returned the product and exchanged it for another , thinking it was just a `` bad '' one . I repeated the set-up instructions again and it was the same as the previous . I returned it again , and got my money back .
 I was disapointed w / this purchase . The phone does not have caller ID , which I should have seen from the description . However , when I contacted the seller to return the item , I was told I had to pay shipping , PLUS a restocking fee . I ended up giving it away as a `` white elephant '' gift .
 I have had this phone/clock/radio for a few years now and was , at first , happy to have one item replace two on my nightstand . It worked okay at first ; though the radio reception was n't that great , I mainly used it to wake up so that did n't bother me too much . Then the phone became contentious ; mostly when calling out , I could hear the person on the other end of the line but they could not hear me . It seems there is not another all-in-one like this so it looks like I will have to buy two items to replace it - when I get around to it .
 I just have to say that exactly the same thing happened to me . After 12 months the phone just stopped working where I could here the person on the other line but they could n't hear me . Thank goodness Frontgate gave me my money back .
 I received this unit as a Father 's Day gift . This is the first GE product I 've had in a very long time . Everything worked satisfactorily until I made a telephone call . It seems the touch-pad is defective and sends out the wrong tones for a digit . Consequently , I kept getting numbers that I was n't intending to call . I took it back to a retailer ... thankfully they accepted it without a receipt . I exchanged it for the pricey next model upgrade that has Caller ID , etc. , since they no longer carry this model . So far , I have had no major problems with it . However , this unit has a LCD display instead of the LED display . It is very hard to read and does not display the time or other information clearly . After all , why do you buy a bedroom unit anyway ? A clock and a phone . Maybe GE will replace this model with one with the best-of-both features ? Bottom line ... I would never purchase another GE product again . They have n't convinced me to give them my business . That 's why I rated this 1 star . At least the display on the GE 26980GE1 worked very well .
 This is the most attractive and seemingly one of the most functional clock radio/cordless phone on the market today.But right out of the box and set up exactly according to the instructions , the phone simply would n't ring . Good thing there are other phones in the house otherwise we would n't know we were receiving a call.Instead of going through the hassle of returning it , we decided to cope with the `` no-ring '' feature -LRB- yes , the ringer switch was turned `` ON '' -RRB- . In about 3 or 4 weeks , the volume got somehow muted to the point where callers could not hear you . You could hear them fine , but they simply could n't hear YOU.GE 's deteriorating quality is showing once again -LRB- we have a kitchen full of GE appliances which will NOT be replaced with GE when the time comes -RRB- .
 I purchased this phone to replace a similar GE model that was a corded phone . I should have stuck with the corded model because it was giving me excellent service . The only drawback was that the cord kept getting tangled up everytime the phone was passed to someone on the other side of the bed so I decided to replace it with the cordless version . These new phones are made by Thompson under a license from GE and are terrible . Similar to the experience of another evaluator , I followed the instructions closely and charged the battery thoroughly before attempting to use the phone . The low battery light never goes off . Additionally , pressing the keys on the keypad do not always generate a tone , and hence a lot of calls do not go through . Unfortunately , this product is the only one on the market like it and was difficult to find . Today , I suspect that if you do find one it is probably one of the last around and has batteries so old that they no longer hold a charge . Obviously , I am returning the phone and will put up with miniscule shortcoming of the corded model .
 Two weeks after purchasing the phone , the handset would not ring . One week after that , the phone stopped working altogether . The clock does not keep correct time and the radio only picks up a few stations clearly . I can not believe GE could put out a product that fails completely on all counts .
 Have purchased 2 of this particular item . The 2nd one only because I thought the 1st one must have just been defective - a fluke . Seems that they ALL have the same problem . Radio and alarms work fine ... phone does n't work at all . Have researched and spoken with others having the SAME problems with the same unit . GE customer service does n't seem to care . Their only response was to direct me to authorized repair centers . Guess there 's a good reason why they discontinued it!Save your money ! ...
 Have purchased 2 of this particular item . The 2nd one only because I thought the 1st one must have just been defective - a fluke . Seems that they ALL have the same problem . Radio and alarms work fine ... phone does n't work at all . Have researched and spoken with others having the SAME problems with the same unit . The manufacturer 's only response was to direct me to authorized repair centers . Guess there 's a good reason why they discontinued it!Save your money ! If you want an alarm clock , you can get a < much less expensive version . >
 We recieved the GE bedroom phone a a Christmas gift in 2000 . GE products were always thought to have a reasonable service life with us , but this phone has proven what others have said about the decline of the quality in GE 's products . We will avoid GE products in the future , and will recommend the same to friends & family .
 I bought this phone and it does not work after 2 months . Nothing was spilled in it and it wasnt dropped . None of the buttons work and I will never buy a vtec phone ever again . I will also inform others as well about its defects . I do n't even have enough money now to replace it . Thank you for nothing.Cory Malatesta
 This phone worked well for the first few months , but then the hand set went dead . The answering machine works but there is no way to access the menu with out the hand set . so now i have to buy batteries for the hand set . all in all its not a bad deal .
 I bought this phone for Christmas of 2000 ; it gave a good performance until very recently . Sound was good on it , no echo , no static . However , exactly six months after purchase , the battery died and I 've been informed that the battery is no longer made . There is no reason that the battery should have died this early , as we always kept the handset on the charge cradle . I 'm glad this phone did n't cost much or I would be pretty mad about the 6-month life .
 I purchased the VTech 9108 primarily for its affordability , easy to use features , its sleek styling , and its light weight . Unfortunately , after about a month of use in a single person household -LRB- i.e. I do n't have kids and I never dropped it ! -RRB- , static during calls increased , along with odd clicking sounds . Progressively , the phone has worsened so that the channel changer does not have any effect . I overhear other people 's calls frequently , and the static increases so significantly after about 7 minutes of talk time -LRB- something in the phone wiring must be heating up after a certain amount of use -RRB- , I ca n't even hear the other person . The warranty which requires one to send the product back insured , followed by weeks of waiting for the company to decide whether to fix the phone or send you a new one is n't really worth the effort and the fact that one has to get a new phone anyhow during the wait . Very disappointing phone .
 This phone is pleasing to the eye , but I found that this phone was too clunky . When holding this phone on your shoulder , you may end up hanging up on the person . The talk button sticks out in a way that its easy to hang up with a slight touch of your ear . My roomate had this phone at college and did n't find it handy at all . I would have liked to have a redial button too . Sound quality was bad once I walked in to the next room as well . I do n't recommend buying this phone .
 I will admit that I bought the silver version of this phone/answering machine because it looked pretty . However , its performance is another story . There is a low but audible buzz coming from the unit that can be heard as background noise in my greeting . When I called my sister from this phone , she said she could n't hear me as well as usual and that my voice sounded a little choppy , almost digitized -LRB- although I could hear her perfectly -RRB- . I find it disconcerting to use the phone because when I speak , my voice is amplified in the earpiece ; but when I pause in between sentences , it sounds like the line has gone dead . On the positive side , the unit is easy to operate and has some nice features like message retrieval from the handset . The sound quality of incoming messages is much improved over my standalone GE answering machine . The range of the phone seems pretty good and the unit takes up minimal space . But overall , I would not recommend this system .
 The life span of the battery and the charger itself is short . I purchased one of these , lasted 3 mo. . The retailer replaced it for us -LRB- even though they did n't have to -RRB- and the replacement lasted only a few months more before the battery died . We replaced the battery -LRB- BYW , we followed instructions on charging & battery maintaince to the letter -RRB- only to have the battery charger in the base die . Calls to customer service were fruitless . Automated 800 number had no option for troubleshooting our problem and referred us to a toll number -LRB- 317 AC -RRB- that had the exact options as the 800 no . No option of talking to an actual person . You should know that GE does n't make its own phones but subs manufacture out to a company called Thomson Electronics . There is no phone no . given to call GE directly , I guess because its your problem not theirs , or web site reference for either GE or Thomson . Anyone would be nuts to buy any GE phone product .
 We have a GE cordless phone that worked fine for us but we wanted a phone with all the options this phone came with , so I thought this phone would fit the bill . I found the connection faded while talking on the phone even though the phone was fully charged . The phone was comfortable against my ear when talking but it was n't worth it when the connection faded while talking to someone . I returned the phone and bought a different brand .
 Yes , it may be cheap , but we have all heard the saying `` You get what you pay for ! '' This phone worked well for a few months , but went downhill fast . Now , I never had an issue with clarity within the house , but once I steped outside it got fuzzy . -LRB- I can not walk to my mailbox , which is not that far from my front door . -RRB- Anyway , the `` 3 '' button was the first to go . It got to the point that when you pressed the button it would not register at first , so you would press harder , which ultimately would make it register not only once , but three or four times ! This became really frustrating , but I could deal with it until I found a better phone . Eventually though the `` TALK '' button started malfunctioning , which basically made my phone a giant paperweight . When you ca n't turn the phone on , it usually means you need to buy a new one ! Anyway , I recently replaced the phone with a nice Panasonic 2.4 GHz/Fax combo , which works wonderfully . I also purchased a Uniden headset phone , which is also 2.4 GHz , and that was the best phone purchase of all and it was under $ 80 .
 The phone has decent functionality and one would think that a GE product would be reliable , but we 've been frustrated by the buttons on the handset , which quickly became unreliable . One has to mash on the `` 3 '' button repeatedly to get it to register , and the `` redial '' button is useless . This is not a matter of wear and tear because we hardly ever used the redial button.Another design flaw
 As stated by < < electronics fan from Gaithersburg , MD United States > > , I faced the `` same problem '' just after the 1 year Warranty period expired : -LRB- The phone has decent functionality and one would think that a GE product would be reliable , but we 've been frustrated by the buttons on the handset , which quickly became unreliable . One has to mash on the `` 3 '' button repeatedly to get it to register , and the `` redial '' button is useless . This is not a matter of wear and tear because we hardly ever used the redial button .
 Three months after we bought this phone we started having troubles . The phone would ring and we 'd pick it up and hit the `` talk '' button . However , the phone would just beep - unable to locate the right the channel to begin the call . So we reread the manual and learned to hit the channel button after using the talk button , but to no avail . By the time we pressed the different buttons , the caller would be leaving a message and we could n't even talk to them ! Happens two out of every three incoming calls ! We 're looking for a new phone .
 Sturdy , pleasant-looking phone that functioned well for more than a year -- however , now , the `` Talk '' button no longer works , and some of the number keys are also difficult , sometimes registering a number twice , or not at all . If they would have fixed this flaw - seems to be widespread after reading other reviews - it would be a fine phone . Good timing on GE 's behalf - phone goes downhill just as the warranty expires .
 Phone looks good and has all the additions I was looking for.However , as with other VTech phones I have bought -LRB- several years agoand never again , I thought they would have fixed their phones by now ! -RRB- , it sounded like I was next to a fully running faucet -LRB- static -RRB- . On the bright side , Amazon.com went above and beyond what you expect from a `` dot com '' vendor . I 'll be back , just not for VTech.Mark Spencer END
 I got one a few days ago , attracted by its cool color . What it turns out is junk covered by this color . There 's always noise in handset , no matter where it is from the base , no matter what time at the day . I even tried my phone jack , thinking maybe the problem is the line . IT 'S NOT , IT 'S THE PHONE .
 I got this phone when I went away to college . It 's fine for a first answering machine and cordless phone on a budget . But every once in a while it would start beeping very loudly and uncontrollably in the middle of the night ! I would have to pull the battery out of the handset to get it to stop . The outgoing message is very fuzzy and sometimes the handset would n't even turn on . If you are looking for quality , look somewhere else .
 I had this phone in my dorm room and it was absolutely horrible ! I 'm sure some of it was due to every other room having a cordless phone and all the signals intermingling , but this phone was by far the worst cordless phone I have ever used . Even in the silence of the early morning hours -LRB- you know how college students are with sleep schedules -RRB- there was still staticy shhhuhhhh noises in the phone , making it really hard to have any sort of intelligible conversation . I wish there was a 0 star rating because I would give it that !
 I would not recommend this product to anyone who does n't want to have to buy another phone within 18 months . Less than 4 months after the warranty ran out on my phone , it died and has been unrevivable for the past three weeks.Please note that I have followed all of the recommendations of the VTech website and telephone support lines . The only thing that I have yet to do is actually request a repair . No doubt repairing this phone will be more arduous and just as expensive as buying a new phone .
 I liked a friend of mine 's VTECH 900 mhz phone years ago , so I bought one -LRB- the 9060i -RRB- . Problem is
 For the cost of the phone , the VTech 9241 is n't bad with a reasonable number of features for a basic telephone . The sound quality is actually pretty good except when the 2nd line is in use -- no cross talk , but plenty of annoying clicks and `` hits '' that can be heard in the VTech 's handset . Ten number memory speed dial memory is inadequate and no speed dial listing on the set or cradle is also big negative . Also , unless you sit on top of the telephone the button descriptions and LEDs for Mute , Conf. , Hold , etc. are impossible to see -- even from 2 ' away . If I had it to do over again , I think I would shop a little more .
 After having bought a Panasonic cordless 2-line phone for my teenage daughter for about $ 160 , I decided to save some money and get this Vtech phone for the kitchen for about half the price . I am sorry . The features work OK , but the sound quality is very disappointing . Our family of five uses the phone a lot , and my father-in-law is hard of hearing . He ca n't understand us from this phone .
 I bought this product months ago and it has been nothing but trouble , it screechs whenever you try to pick up the handset from the base . This is very difficult to handle . V-Tech has the worst telephones i have ever seen . From everyone I know that has a V-Tech product has had serious difficulties with it , and end up throwing it out . Also have you notice how short V-Tech products are on the market ?
 I originally gave this phone 4 stars and it served me well for 3 years . However , now it stopped working after the recent Skype upgrade . Skype has no interest in helping and it appears the manufacturer has gone out of business making it impossible to get driver / software upgrades . ------------------ Its hard to spend nearly $ 50 on a phone that does not have a wireless handset . However , this phone does not feel cheap and it works as it should . I 've been using it with Skype for over a week . Skype was unusable with my generic microphone and surround speakers . Now it works as a normal phone except dialing +1 before every call.At first the skytone software seemed to hijack my audio so my media or games would not play through the sound card anymore . I found that going to Start - > Settings - > Control Panel - > Sounds and Audio Devices - > Audio tab - > Default Device - > select your normal sound card in this drop down . After doing this my games and media played through normal speakers , and ring tones and talking went through the phone.My only real gripes about the phone are : the short cord which I replaced with my ownit ca n't be hooked to a wallTech support never responded to my inquiry about the default sound devices , so I fiddled around and fixed it myself.But the pros far out weigh the cons , because for $ 38 per year plus this phone I have a US phone that follows me around the world and my friends/family can call me at no additional cost .
 I recently switched everyone in my office to Skype for phone lines . We needed a good speakerphone for conference calls . In the past I have used Polycom Skype speakerphones , with good luck , but my new laptop seems to have a dead microphone port . Result ? Had to switch to a USB speakerphone . This seemed like a good deal , good price , so away my One-Click went.The speakerphone is terrible . Good volume , but the callers can not hear you unless you move directly over the phone . The vaunted Skype integration via software is a pain
 just tried the skytone and he polycom communicator side by side . -LRB- spoiler
 There are much , much better speakerphones for Skype.This phone was very light , and the inconvenient part of it was , it kept moving around the desk . The LCD screen is small and not very well lit up , which meant that it was very hard to read.In terms of the look and feel , it 's not so bad , and it has the familiar shape of a regular phone.In terms of usability and quality of the speakerphone , I heard some muffled voices when testing with someone in another room , and static.Another con
 Though cheap , this phone does not integrate well with skype , some of the buttons on the phone like the ` in ' , ` out ' , and ` del ' do not have any or the wrong effect on skype software . Also the drivers messed up my laptop 's audio quickset controls , which did not happen with my cyberphone W which I got from the skype website
 Phone seems ok , but a bit difficult to figure out how to enable it for use . You do n't just pick it up and dial ! I just got it , but ca n't seem to figure out how to pick up a call , without hanging up on it.Also , as others have stated ... . it seems like it should be able to read the skype contact list and transfer it enabled to dial capacity . but even though the skype contact list says '' + '' and `` 1 '' before each number , the phone will not register it to dial it that way . Therefor you have the number in the directory on your computer - but you have to enter the codes and the # manually for calls out using the phone . You ca n't even hit `` call '' on the computer ... . the call wo n't go through . you can only use the list to access what the number is.Not too satisfied with this product yet .
 Very easy to set up . Could be described as ` plug and play ' . That is the only good thing about it . The quality of the reception is appauling and people on the other end kept complaining , so we 've stopped using it . It is destined for the scrapheap of dead phones . I have another skype phone , the lynsys cordless which I paid over double for and the quality is pretty good .
 Ok I have heard of expensive notebooks but this is just outrageous $ 20 for one notebook . Are the sheets made of gold . I hope no one seriously buys this crap .
 OK , it 's my fault for not reading the specifics more carefully , but I assumed the calendar would at least be good through the end of the year . This calendar is expired as of August , 2012 , which I unfortunately did n't discover until after I wrote in the calendar .
 I ordered this paper from the end tab on a previous ream of paper , same product number , name , weight , etc. but the paper that arrived was a totally different color from orders from different sellers . I was advised by another stationer that Mokawk , who owns Strathmore , is changing their product line , so perhaps they changed the `` whiteness '' of their paper as well . I had to send the paper back for a refund -LRB- less UPS charges , of course -RRB- and explain my `` mistake '' to my employer .
 This paper is a nice weight and has a nice feel to it but it is not white . It is more of an ivory color so it did not work for me .
 This bulletin board is very poorly made , the wooden frame is held on by glue that started to come apart two days after I bought it . Also , when I unwrapped the package when it first arrived , there was already a crack down the middle .
 We are a new school and had been told we would receive the white board by July 21 . On July 22 we received a call from the shipper that the board were damaged on route . We never received them . No replacements , no calls and no follow up!Never received a credit for them on our credit card either!WE LATER RECEIVED THEM -- TWO MONTHS LATE . But they gave us upgraded boards , nicer than what we ordered . They were very apologetic and we were pleased with the end result , though we would have much preferred to have received our original order on time .
 There was a crack down the center of the board when we received it . My boss thought it was too much trouble to try and return so we just kept it . The crack bothers me .
 Quartet Standard Melamine Classroom Whiteboard , 4 x 6 Feet , Hanging System and Kit Included , Aluminum Frame -LRB- EMA406 -RRB- Dry erase markers stain & ghost to such an extent that using these whiteboards is impossible . I purchased two for a school and Quartet -LRB- manufacturer -RRB- customer service rep said `` every body gets a bad board sometimes '' But two - really ? Quartet said I must deal with Amazon and lose money on refunding past 30 day order period or they could send me exact same board as a replacement . No thank you . Totally disappointed . I will never buy anything Quartet manufactures again .
 1st one arrived damaged . Amazon replaced with an undamaged board . The undamaged board works well . We have had many issues ordering this size board , so I would suggest you purchase them from a local store unless you enjoy inspecting your purchase , finding damage & sending it back .
 If you value your money , please do n't purchase ANY products from restock it ! The whiteboard i purchased showed up crushed on both sides in pathetic packaging . Multiple attempts to contact their returns department has n't resulted in any response . If you value your money i would spend it on an alternate/reliable vendor . Their customer service is literally non-existent . Will never buy anything from these jokers !
 I was very disappointed with my purchase . The white board came broken complete large section on the rightside facing the board . I had to return it . This will not keep me from purchasing other items in the future .
 If you look at the prices for whiteboards , they are all generally overpriced -LRB- IMHO -RRB- . When I found this deal on Amazon , it seemed like a great deal . We received the item however upon arrival it was totally bent . The product had a large crease on the surface of the writing area making it unacceptable . We have purchased other whiteboards in the past and in comparison , this one lacks a magnetic surface and is much lighter and thinner too . Overall it 's hard to judge the surface quality since the item was returned . Now I 'm back to looking for a higher quality alternative .
 Never get to use it because it is too big . I thought I order the wrong size and did not find out until weeks later .
 This products has been returned two times with damages that came with . When we wrote on it , there were left a mark and does n't go with the erase liquid .
 I have set this easel up only 5 times and it is broken already ! The third leg ripped off the back due to poor design . Unfortunately it is past the return date and I can not even exchange it .
 We ordered these and they were canceled from the manufacturer . . so being a teacher I needed them and loved the price but never got to see if they were good quality or not
 Imagine my surprise when i open up the box of folders for my class lesson and only 20 folders are inside instead of 25 ... So 5 people will be missing folders !!! I can not believe it !!! How can people sell these kind of ` false ' items !!! Teachers are counting on these products , especially if we paid money and it says 25 folders are in the box -LRB- not 5 less -RRB- ! It can happen to you too !
 The black look like some gray funky tye-dye crap . I purchased these for a business and they are not professional . I could n't have spend the same amount of money for better stuff at walmart . What a waste . So unhappy with this purchase .
 This is my second Panasonic fax/answering machine . This one takes mediocrity to new levels . The feeder for outgoing faxes can not take one page at a time and jams constantly . The film for incoming faxes runs out after 50 pages , and if you replace it with film made by anyone else , it will not work at all ; Panasonic has built some sort of sensor in that is satsified only by genuine expensive Panasonic film replacement . On the plus side , the answering machine works . This machine is a POS . Spend the extra cash and get an inkjet , plain paper fax by a better manufacturer .
 I bought this phone with a couple of key expectations :1 . Clearer , louder , wider-range signal than my 900 MHz phone -LRB- inexpensive Uniden -RRB- and2 . A good answering machine , as my previous experience with Phonemate has generally been excellentFailed on both counts ! The signal , which was slightly better than the 900 MHz when I got it , is prone to interference from microwaves , tvs , you name it . Also , the handset volume has gotten fainter over time , to the extent that it is barely usable -LRB- and there 's no indication that the battery is low -RRB- . The answering machine was a huge disappointment - the digital recording is so murky that you literally can not understand messages , no matter what the volume or how close you place your ear to the speaker.When I tried to find information on how to troubleshoot this equipment , I discovered that casio does not have a website anymore , at least not one that offers any product support ... All in all , I 'd avoid this model like the plague .
 We invested over $ 1100 for the base unit and 8 handsets . At first , the unit worked great . The intercom and call transferring features were especially nice . However , after a year of normal use , the number 1 stopped working on the most-used handset . And last month , the 1 stopped working on 2 more handsets . It 's a great phone as long as you do n't need do use long distance or have a friend with a 1 in their number . Grrrr . The Panasonic rep in India was of no assistance . He gave us information where we could go PURCHASE more base units . Again , Grrrr .
 I 've had this phone system for about 2 years . I first purchased the base unit and one additional handset . I had to exchange the handset right away because it was n't working properly , the base unit did n't recocnize it . After that issue was resolved everything worked fine , other than the slight annoyance that you ca n't turn the ringer off ... About 6 months ago the # 1 stopped working on the handset which is more than just annoying it makes the handset virtually unusable , except when answering calls . I 've resorted to using the caller ID/redial feature to make calls to phone # 's with the # 1 in them ... I can see now from reading other people 's reviews that this is not a unique problem & is obviously an engineering flaw . I 'm going to contact Panasonic Customer Service & see where that gets me -LRB- hahaha -RRB- . Overall , I would not reccommend this phone system , for the high price -LRB- I paid over $ 450 for the base unit & 1 handheld unit -RRB- and all the problems I 've had ... do n't bother !
 Maybe we just bought a lemon , but our phone system is terrible ! The sound quality is often poor . The mobile unit often ca n't find the base station -LRB- even when you 're standing next to it -RRB- . And just last week the # 1 stopped working on one of the handsets -LRB- which makes it kind of hard to dial long distance -RRB- . Even the design of the phone is screwy . Who designs a high end phone without a mute button on the base or handset ? And why give only two ring options -LRB- 2 rings or 5 rings -RRB- before rolling into voice mail ? And the whole configuration of auto attendant v. voice mail box is just down right odd.Panasonic ought to discontinue this phone and start over !
 I am very dissapointed with this product . I have owned and used it daily for about 10 months . It will detect K band radar only when you are within 400 feet of the gun . It is virtually useless in detecting Ka band unless you 're within 50 feet of the gun . It also falsely detects Ka band very frequently especially on sunny days when it has been sitting on the dashboard for 15 minutes . The laser detector also goes off quite often . The X band detector went off so often in business areas -LRB- even with the x band sensitivity set to poor in city mode -RRB- that I disabled it.Escort advertises the following on their website : `` Long-range warning for all radar signals
 While the detection features work well , the - hardware - -LRB- I use the term loosely -RRB- used to mount the contraption to your windshield is poorly designed . The design flaw is a failure to account for the earth 's pesky gravity feature . The mechanism uses an L-shaped bracket . The lower end slips into the top of the detector and upper end has suction cups that attached to the windshield . The lower end depends upon an upward force -LRB- unobtainable by normal methods -RRB- to hold slits in the bracket against bars on the bottom of the housing . It would work much better if the bars were on the top , then gravity would be your friend . This results in the eventual inability to mount the damnable contraption . However , the electronics work very well .
 My first detector was a Bel 890 , i enjoyed its ditgal voice message , free the drive from have to look at the detector . I only bought this one because it was a cordless and thinking it would make driving in VA or DC easier . Little did i know that a cordless has far less detection range . The difference in the range with or without the optional cord is like night and day . So i had to purchase the optional coiled power cord . I would recommend anyone who wants a detector with the cord out of sight to by a normal detector with straight power cord or direct connection cord and not this cordless detector . To say nothing of many the false alarms this one has . I have since bought a Bel 985 and highly recommend you do the same .
 This is not a toy . It is an over priced pen that is just regular black ink and a bit uncomfortable to use .
 Thought I 'd try something different . Not worth purchasing . I write a good deal all day but have little , if any , use for this pen . Pens I get from drug reps are more useful .
 Having a very bad hand , these pens are perfect for me . But the ones I bought on line seem to be much more cheaply made than the ones I bought at a local store . They fell apart from being carried in my purse . I do , however , love the colors.If you can find these in stores , I think they are better but the overall design of the pens makes writing much more comfortable .
 These books are a good idea for the repeat visitor to a city -- basically just a place for notes in the lovely -LRB- I think -RRB- Moleskine format . The maps , though , can be found better and cheaper on other places . MORE IMPORTANT , this seller has claimed a falsely inflated list price and consequent discount that is misleading . The list price for these books is 17.95 . Check in any book store . Shame on the seller .
 I decided on the lapinator because of several good reviews that I had read and the fact that it was made from lightweight material and would be easy to take on the go . This thing is small . It might work well for a netbook or a smaller ultra portable but not for a 15.6 '' to 18.4 '' laptop . The dimensions listed on the product page also include the width of the lapinator PLUS the width of the mousitizer . So , it is 19 inches wide , however 7 of those inches are the width of the mousitizer . The lapinator is only 12 inches wide . I have a 17.3 '' laptop and it hangs off of the left side of the lapinator by a good 2 to 3 inches and because of the design of the mousitizer , how it attaches to the right or left side of the lapinator , you cant center the weight of the laptop in the center of the lapinator . It has to hang off of one side or the other . The lapinator does block the heat coming from the bottom well except for the 2 or 3 inches that hang over the side . The material is very lightweight and does indeed feel very cheaply made . The lapinator feels more like a product that I would have expected to see in the `` as seen on tv '' section of a retail store for around $ 9.99 . For $ 29.99 its quite overpriced . The device should work fine for smaller laptops or netbooks and if there was a larger version of the lapinator that was around 16 inches wide it would work for larger laptops as well , but at $ 30 I consider this to be a rip off .
 Lapinator with mousitizer . I had shopped a lot -LRB- I thought -RRB- before purchasing a laptop desk , but I should have shopped more ! This was a waste of money !! The rubber `` holders '' for the computer wo n't stay glued despite several attempts with a variety of glues ; the mouisitzer is too slippery or something , because to get my digital mouse to work I must put a mouse pad on top of the mouisitzer . This item is so unacceptable I should have returned it.jkeenan
 Just received the Lapinator and I find it flimsy and feels cheaply made . I paid $ 29.99 and I am guessing it was only a few dollars to make . The material used on bottom feels picky and is annoying when wearing shorts . I have a 15 '' laptop and its not wide enough ... yeah , yeah , I should have checked the dimensions , but I guess I was taken in and believed the pictures showing plenty of room - this is false and obviously photo-shopped ! Being so narrow it is not comfortable ... having to hold my knees together . My package also included the `` Mousitizer '' which is also cheap and small - not really strong enough to support your hand . I guess it 's still better than no mouse pad at all . I wish I could get my money back and get something else ! I gave it two stars because it was made in the USA - otherwise a zero ! I wish we Americans will wake up and fight for more US products , but this one is a big disapointment ! We need to do better !
 These erasers arrived in a ziploc bag and were all wet . I guess the seller sprays the erasers with some kind of spray . Just go to your local dollar store or super center to buy some erasers .
 I received a sandwich baggy filled with 30 pencil top erasers that were soaking in cheap perfume . I could have purchased the same erasers at Target for probably $ .50 and instead I paid enough for a few hundred . Do Not purchase from this supplier .
 I would never buy this product ! They are just regular erasers that are put in a baggie and an `` alcohol based fragrance '' . You DO NOT see this in the discription when you are viewing this on the Amazon web site you only see this `` fragrance based alcohol '' statement after your purchase is complete . I am currently trying to return this item and get a full refund !
 These erasers arrived at my house in a ziploc baggie after a long wait , and they smelled like Lysol . They were wet with what could be Lysol , and the child I ordered them for was not impressed at all . All of the colors smelled the same -LRB- you guessed it , Lysol -RRB- . I would n't ever buy these again . You would be better off making them at home with some Lysol , erasers , and a ziploc bag .
 These arrived in a baggie looking like a used product , so totally not what I was expecting .
 I ordered these erasers for my grandson for Christmas . They were shipped quickly but I was very disappointed in the packaging . They were packaged in a kitchen baggie without product information or any paperwork at all . They are very lightly scented so do n't expect a color to signify a certain fragrance . They are brightly colored . I checked on line to see how to return them and found there is a restocking fee , shipping charge and in return I would get a store credit . I was very disappointed with this purchase .
 I had high hopes for this pen , but I found writing with it more tiring than using a regular pen . I wish Pentel would bring back their Ergotwist pens . Those really were comfortable .
 Bought two of these clocks , one last summer and one a couple weeks ago . Have a problem with the recent purchased one displaying and printing the wrong day of week even though it has a proper atomic synchronization signal and the year , date and time were correct . Talked in length with the manufacturer and they had me pull the wiring plug from the atomic clock and have the clock operatate manually . Well that works but now you lose the feature of the automatic synchronizing of the time . Then the other clock which has worked fine through last falls daylight savings time has now forgot that daylight savings time has occuredd and it is off by one hour . I might return the second clock because the factory said that the atomic time synchonizing sometimes causes problems but it is one of the reasons I purchased this clock.Update May 16 , 2011
 Very weak magnet . Wo n't hold alot of paper . Would not recommend for anything more than 2-3 pieces of heavy stock .
 Pros
 I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day , even when the phone was turned off . The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem . After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center , they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable `` due to customer abuse . '' I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage -LRB- unless using it to make phone calls counts as `` customer abuse '' -RRB- , but got the same comment , without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation . It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty . You 'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works . After that , you 're on your own .
 My problems with nextel did not stop when I canceled my service . I will get to the problems with the service . When I went to get a new phone a day before my contract expired , I of course wanted to keep my number . So as I went to get my Cingular phone -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- , I had the old number switched to my new number . Today , I get in the mail my nextel statement for the month with a $ 200 early termination even though I had not canceled my service , but had simply got a new phone and switched my number over . This was on icing on the cake after 2 years of absolutely amazingy bad service from nextel . In my town , not a small town by any means , there are very few places that have any service . In the largest subdivision , you can not get service anywhere . I constantly get comments from people trying to reach me that get the classic nextel line ... Please hold while the nextel subscriber you are trying to reach is located . Most of the time I would not even recieve incoming calls , calls would go straight to my voice mail . Not only would I not get the calls , but often I would not even get the voice mails until days or even weeks later . When I did actually take calls -LRB- and call out -RRB- , I can not count the number of times I 've had my call dropped . I recieved so many different error messages sometimes I wonder if they just spend all their time at nextel thinking of different error messages to program into their phones . That brings me to the selling point of nextel , the famed and well-loved direct connect feature . This is an absolute joke . Direct connect only works MAYBE half the time I tried to use it . Even then , in the middle of the conversation I would be greeted by the loud beep of my phone telling me I wont be talking to that person anymore . Of course , I would expect nothing less from the nextel network . Text messaging with nextel is next to impossible . If it did not take hours to send or recieve a message , it took days , or maybe did n't even come at all . The internet access was fine , it the rare instance that it worked . Of course , when you do n't have service , you do n't get the internet access either . I was constantly getting the message `` network not available '' . Calling and trying to complain to nextel is futile . Trying to get through to customer service takes forever and once you get through they do nothing . My experience with nextel has been nothing short of a disaster and I write this trying to warn anyone considering nextel . Stick with Verizon or Cingular and you will be much happier in the end . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 I bought this Talking Clock Keychain for my mother who can not see because of macular degeneration . Very cheap plastic , `` tinny '' sound , barely loud enough to hear if you have it right on your ear . Do n't waste your money .
 I got this for my 95 year old mother who is blind and somewhat hearing impaired , to replace a similar gadget . This one had a non English speaker telling time and I could n't even begin to understand her , let alone my Mom . We sent it back .
 I got 2 for my blind father . One didnt have battery as it should and the other sounded terrible/cant understand AND said the wrong time/mismatching time displayed . I will return them . Buy another brand/from another source ...
 I really like this product and will try to order it again , but the one that arrived had a battery so depleted that there was almost no voice , and the alarm did n't work .
 the talking part of this clock is absolutely useless , ca n't hear what the voice say , may be the battery is low , but when you buy a brand new thing you expect the seller will put in a new battery before sending it out andyou do n't expect to replace a new thing with new battery . Very disappointed , will never buy from this company .
 The small box came smashed , most of the tacks were lost in transit , only received 15 tacks out of 100 .
 and the lack of support for heavy televisions is a drawback . Ideally , a choice between a `` honey '' or `` mahogany '' would be great . Instead you are left with the one color choice , which makes it limiting in decorating a home theater room . The use of space is AMAZING . I wish others could design such an efficient unit . However , one other unsettling shortfall is that if you are buying this unit to house a 36 '' inch television , and probably even a 32 '' the unit will begin to `` sag '' under the weight of the television . This affects all aspects of the piece ... as everything tilts towards the center , the side supports `` pull down '' on the top shelf . If these two issues could be addressed I would happily buy this as the replacement that I am currently searching for . After two years the unit has been hopelessly lost to the weight and mood/color of the room . Finally , I would suggest that the manafucturer adds some sort of concealment molding on the backside . Since most larger televisions require that the unit be approximately 4 '' away from the wall a `` flap '' of sorts on either side to hide all the unsightly wires would be ideal .
 Best Buy has this same Entertainment Center for $ 249.99 and FREE SHIPPING ! I would n't pay this outrageous shipping of $ 109 !!! Go to bestbuy.com and get it there cheaper !
 This particular item is very over priced ! i 've purchased this same item for $ 89.99 through staples.com and i did n't have to pay for shipping , beacuse any order over $ 50 is free shipping ! go to staples.com and get this same item and save yourself $ 319.99 ! Thanks !
 Four people tried to operate this register and none of us could figure it out . The instructions were ridiculous.Personal Cash Reg 10DEPT/100 Price Look UPS/8CLERK Impact Prntr
 I bought this phone for two reasons
 I bought this phone strictly because of the Uniden reputation . It was to replace my 6 year old Panasonic which was missing its antenna and still worked somewhat decent.Within a 30 foot radius of the base the Uniden sounded excellent and it 's features such as distinct ring and phone book were very impressive . But as soon as I walked beyond 30 feet the phone would completely cut out and I would have to run back to let the caller know I did n't hang up . I was shocked and disappointed that this happened to a 5.8 gigahertz Uniden and attempted to solve the problem by reading the instructions fully and relocating the base but nothing worked . -LRB- Yes I scanned all the channels manually and automatically without improvement . -RRB- I decided to return it instead of an exchange because I felt with such clarity within 30 feet and such poor performance beyond that , that it was not a lemon but just a poorly made phone . Another reason I believed it to be a quality problem is because I had a similar experience with Panasonic . Their older phones worked spectacular but the new models are garbage too . I do n't know if this is a sign that companies feel they can produce cheaper quality products and sell them due to their past reputation and get away with it or just a strange coincidence . For now it 's back to the Panasonic without an antenna.This was my experience , hopefully yours is different .
 The handset was defective and the technology used in the phone was seven years old . Avoid this unit .
 I live in a loft across from train and commuter train tracks in a semi-industrial area . The phone has worse range than the 900 I had -- about 20 feet from my door . I have an outdoor entrance . The reception also sucks . Do n't buy it . I should have tested it more thoroughly .
 The phone has received high marks from several sources , which is why I bought it . It has terrible range ! It clips the voice into pieces which is very hard to understand . I have a brick house which I would consider of average to small size . I can not go into my basement with it nor into my back yard . I only wish I had spent more time testing it within the 30 day return period . I will be replacing the phone soon . IF THERE is anything you get out of this review , it is to make sure you have the time to put ANY cordless phone through its paces during the store return period.Also something that is annoying is you cant make a call from another area code from the caller-id list without hitting the * key so that the phone will append a 1 in front of the phone number . I have called customer support and that is the way it is designed .
 I 've never written a review before but this phone was so bad I had to add my review . First , it 's very ... looking and feeling . But , most importantly , if I walk 30 feet away from the base in my open floor plan house , I get static and interference!I 'm sending this back ASAP .
 The item was shipped in fine shape , the sound quality was good and we liked the headphones , but in 35 days and maybe using the headphones 10 times , they broke - they simply stopped working . The wire connecting the headphone to player no longer worked and no sound would come through headphones . Clearly a defective product with poor quality to break in such a short period of time , but the most important warning is that the product only had a 30 days return policy even if defective or broken after the 30 day period has elapsed . I would expect the product to last more than 30 days for the price , but no refund was granted because it was past the 30 days - DO NOT BUY THIS PORDUCT .
 I wrote the first review on this item in March . Since then , I feel like I need to add another comment about its performance and durability : About a month ago , in the case of BOTH handsets and their respective bases , I started experiencing problems with what I thought was battery charge-time . It turned out that batteries were fine but the phone would n't just fall into place correctly , hence would n't get charged at all . I 'm still using the handsets but I 've now learnt that I will have to play with their placement for a few seconds and until the red `` charging '' light is lit.The most attractive feature of this phone was its considerably low price -LRB- for two handsets -RRB- , but if I was to do it all over , I think I would spend a little more and get a phone where I will KNOW will stay charged and available if I need it.I do n't recommend this phone if it 's the ONLY ONE you 're using in your household . =========================== Original March review : I 've only owned this phone for a month ... I do n't know how they hold up as far as breaking down is concerned , but assuming it holds up , it 's definitely a great product for the money : PROS : > The second handset need only to be plugged in for charging -LRB- i.e. no phone jack is needed -RRB- . This makes the product ideal for use in rooms or areas where you do n't have a phone Jack or it 's hard to reach . > To change the ringer volume or turn it off -LRB- a feature I was definitely interested in -RRB- , you do n't have to go through extensive menues and it 's all done with click of a button for either handsets and the base -LRB- arrow up/down -RRB- , all independant of each other . > Caller ID on both handsets -LRB- which can be placed on the base with the caller ID screen facing up -RRB- . > Remote access > Good quality voice and receptionCONS : > No loud-speakers -LRB- on the base or handsets -RRB- . > The secondary handset does n't allow > Only one person at a time can use the phone . In other words , both handsets wo n't work simultaneously > Unplugging it from the wall or power-outage will reset the time and date , and you 'll have to go back and set it again -LRB- some phones have internal battery for short-time memory -RRB- OVER ALL : Good value for the money
 I bought this phone system after a 2.4 ghz AT&T died on me after a year of use . The cost of this system is certainly a bonus as this system is a lot cheaper than the other 2 handset cordless phone system . My initial reaction was that this is a good system , the sound is good , and the batteryt life is fine.However , after a few days . My wife and tried to get on the phone at the same time . IT DOES NOT WORK . Both handsets can not be used at once . There is a call transfer function , to transfer the call from one phone to another , but both ca n't be used at the same time .
 I got this phone thinking it would be great - the extra handset is a nice feature and I like that part . I have noticed that the battery life is pretty short and once when I was talking the battery died and then my phone never `` hung up '' - so for 15 minutes I was without a phone and could not pick up any phone in the house to use it . This has happened two times and is soooo frustrating , especially since the other phones in the house that are corded could not be used.You ca n't use the 2 phones at once so that is a bit of an inconvenience as well . The reception is ok but it has it 's moments . I have had the phone for about 6 months so it 's broken in and the honeymoon 's over . I am going to replace it , it was a nice try to get a cheaper phone but it 's been more trouble than it 's worth .
 When I bought this phone I had to decide between TRUC46 and Plantronics CT10 . I decided for the Uniden because it looked nicer , lighter and the 2.4 GHz is newer technology . Well , the problem is that this is the same frequency used by the 802.11 Wireless Cards . So , to make it simple , if you have a laptop with a Wireless Card -LRB- or intend to have one -RRB- do not buy 2.4 GHz technology phones . Keep using the 900Mhz stuff.BTW , I called Uniden and they confirmed this story and told me there is nothing that could be done . I wish I had seen an warning anywhere .
 No complaints about the phone except that it 's now useless after 3 months because of poor engineering with the headset jack . The jack appears to have ` shorted out ' or lost a contact with the electronics so the headset goes dead -LRB- regardless of what headset used -RRB- and only intermittently works.Rated 1 star for poor durability under NORMAL use -LRB- was never dropped or abused -RRB- . All the features in the world are useless if it does n't work !
 I have purchased 2 Uniden Tru 46 phones that have not worked . It has taken an incredible amount of time to test and straighten out the situation . All I want is a phone that works ! I do n't have time to keep exchanging products .
 This was a great product , but my jack also shorted out . The device is useless now .
 This is a TRUC56 phone which does not come with 2 headsets and the one headset that it comes with is not adjustable like the TRUC46 phone . I ordered this from Amazon and sent it back immediately with this explanation . I ca n't believe that this is still marketed on this website the wrong way . However , the return process was very easy through Amazon . I have the TRUC46 phone and it 's great !
 I read all the glowing reviews and went with Uniden instead of Plantronics . What a mistake . First of all , I thought the phone would be much bigger ... the main reason for not picking the Plantronics.The bigger issue is that I have used the phone for under three months and the connection between the phone and the headset has become loose . My phone conversations got very static filled at first and now the phone just cuts in and out !! I am so disappointed.To make matters worse , their warranty requires you to UPS the phone in yourself and then wait for it to be repaired and sent back ... unless you want to pay ... , and receive a `` like new '' phone in return . You still pay for the original phone to be sent back.I wish I had listened to my brother who has a Plantronic and loves it . I would recommend you do the same !
 I just bought this phone on Sunday and with plenty of time to charge up . Hello ... major static on the phone . Reception stunk . I am taking this phone back tomorrow .
 This is the worst phone I have ever had . It cuts out in every room in my house and has been embarrassing to have when dealing with business customers . I have written the seller , but have not received word back for over a week . Uniden will not take it back so it looks like I 'm stuck .
 I think this is my very FIRST review on Amazon , but I felt COMPELLED to write this one ... I bought this phone from -LSB- local store -RSB- -LRB- before realizing it was here at a lower price -RRB- , so I was going to return it to -LSB- store -RSB- and then repurchase it from Amazon.com ... . HOWEVER , that is not going to happen now . . This is ABSOLUTELY the worst performing cordless phone I have EVER had . I live in a old farm house -LRB- so the walls are rather thick -RRB- ; however , my old 2.4 GHz Panasonic had no problems and neither did my 900 MHz phone ... The only reason why I was upgrading was to add multi-room support - I will DEFINITELY go with a different brand now -LRB- possibly to a 2.4 GHz multi-room -RRB- !!! I can not believe how poor the reception was on this phone - everything was fine IF you stayed in the same room , then things got worse the next room over and finally , just two rooms from the base , it would get so bad it would almost disconnect !!!!!! DO N'T BUY THIS PHONE ... BE FOREWARNED !!
 I concur with the other reviews about how it LOOKS . It does look very nice and fits into the hand great . However , the range is not twice that of 2.4 GHz phones . In fact , I would say that it is worse . I suspect the fact that it has no raised antennaes on the handsets or the base unit contributes to the poor range and sound quality . RADIO DEVICES MUST HAVE ANTENNAES TO RECEIVE/TRANSMIT SIGNALS , UNIDEN !!! One thing to definetely consider is that you can not use both handsets at the same time !!! This completely nullifies the point of getting a dual handset setup.Batteries ... This thing seems to go through a full charge liek crazy , even when it is not in use.I would avoid this product at this time .
 I 've had this expensive system for one year and it is currently not functional . The audio cuts out randomly -- you can sometimes hear very faintly , but usually , not at all . I changed batteries , but the problem is now worse . The `` help '' offered by Uniden was to use only THEIR batteries . SO now I can spend another $ 30 on more batteries and that does n't guaruntee that the problem will be solved . Not bloody likely ! Crap product , crap service !
 I bought this phone all excited thinking with 5.8 ghz i could go in the back of my yard and still get great reception . I ca n't even use this phone in my house !!!! I dial out and hear nothing ! I have to press any button just to hear anyone speak after i finish dialing , then within seconds their voice fades out again . I literally had to just hang up on everybody i called because they could n't even hear me and i could n't hear them . I was very disappointed with this phone . I got it because my at & t 2.4 ghz phone died and i LOVED that phone . I will never buy another uniden product again , this is the 2nd uniden phone i have purchased and both were useless !
 After paying over $ 200 -LRB- with tax -RRB- , I found out this is the worst coreless phone in the history . Poor sound quality , poor range , not user friendly.I am totally disappointed with the brand name Uniden , and for all of the people out there , DO N'T BUY UNIDEN PRODUCT , ONE OF THE WORST
 Bought this phone almost based solely on looks . Probably the best looking cordless phone on the market right now . HOWEVER , the range on this phone is HORRIBLE . It is much worse than my 2Ghz phones . I actually found out that the 5Ghz range is probably supposed to be worse than 2Ghz since that 's what I found out while I was setting up the wireless network in our house . If I lived in an apartment then maybe , a BIG MAYBE , I 'd keep this phone , but otherwise just stick to the 2Ghz phones for now .
 For all the hype ... I had much better reception with my older 900 Mghz and 2.4 Mghz phones . The static was horrible and my 2.4 carried the reception over much longer distances .
 The sound quality was not what I expected for a phone with 5.8 technology . People have asked me if I was on my cell phone while using this phone . The quality was very hollow sounding . The handsets do not rest well on their bases and wobbles . The feature that I was excited about was the speakerphone feature on the handset . When I tested it , the person on the other end could not hear me very well even when the phone was only a foot away .
 Why do thes manufacturers all think that everyone wants an answering machine with their phones . I am sure that a lot of people like myself have voice mail with the phone company and do not need or want an answering machine with their phones .
 I bought this phone about a week ago and was totally dissatisfied with it . The main reason was its reception . Too much static even when close to the base . I get better reception on my cell phone . People couldnt hear me talk on the speakerphone or headset . The box says its a 5.8 but functions like a .05 mhz . I dont recommend this product . I ended up exchanging it for the Panasonic 2.4 Expandable which im very happy with . No static , sleek style , speakerphone , caller ID , expandable up to 8 headsets , now im finally satisfied !!!!
 I bought this phone thinking it would be the cutting edge of phone technology . Wrong ! First of all , the range of this phone from the base unit is less then my 900mhz phone was ! Both handsets CAN NOT listen to the same phone call ?!?! And , speed dials , distinctive rings etc. must be programmed twice ! Once in EACH handset ! The price is not worth it for this phone . Take my advice and get a Panasonic 2.4 Ghz phone . You 'll be glad you did !
 Since day one all parties in my con calls have complained they can not understand or hear me clearly when using the speaker phone . Recommend users that need to use the speaker phone or a headset consider long before deciding on this unit .
 I needed to replace my old Uniden 900MHZ phone , and so I decided to buy the newest Uniden 5.8 GHZ phone . I have always loved the Uniden phones , but this one was very disappointing . After connecting the main base in my kitchen , I experienced horrible static . I read in the manual that there could be problems when setting it next to electrical item -LRB- refrigerator , tv , toaster -RRB- which I had never heard of , but I went with it , and moved it . Much better . Then , I had complaints about the reception from those on the other end of the line . The salesman told me that the phone was tested for reception by walking across a football field and how clear it would be ; I could n't even walk to my garage without it breaking up . Reception is the most important thing to me and this just failed miserably . The handset speaker was a nice idea , but did not work very well . But all the bells and whistles were really nice , especially setting the different ring tones for who was calling.It just was not worth -LSB- $ -RSB- Sorry Uniden .
 i rarely ever submit reviews ... but this phone is really bad ... for being such a technologically advanced phone and cool looking , i expected it to sound good ... instead , i got static/noise ... i had panasonics before ... and should 've never trusted any other brand ... especially , a Uniden ... and what 's this ... the two handsets ca n't share a call ? ... you can only transfer it ... and to make it worse ... you have to program the phone numbers separately into each handset ... quite tedious ... the siemans , which i also bought and tried ... is also terrible ... at least , the siemans allows you to share stored phone numbers ... buy panasonic ...
 Bought this phone and had to return because the volume was very low in the handset , even with volume set at maximum . This may be a result of poor range as well .
 I bought this to replace an old 2.4 GHz phone . The sound quality was OK but was actually worse than the 2.4 GHz . I was expecting much more for the price . The features are generally good , but the most annoying thing is that only one handset can be active at a time . When talking on one handset , the other handset will NOT operate.In the end , I returned this phone and got a Panasonic 2.4 GHz that sounds great , was cheaper , has 3 handsets , and more features .
 Yes , you will be tempted to buy this phone because of its looks , and because it is cheaper than the Panasonic 5.8 Ghz phone.However , I could n't go more than 10 feet out of my house without the call breaking up . Even inside , right next to the base , there is a slight , but noticable white-noise hum in the background of every call . I should note that I tried this phone at my office , and at home with the same results.The other problem , as other reviews note , is that you can only use 1 handset at a time . I exchanged this phone for the Panasonic 51xx series . I am now satified . There is no comparison , as far as reception goes .
 While I was satisfied with the audio quality of the phone , the range was actually much worse than my older 2.4 GHz or 900 MHz phones . Worse , the Uniden would cut in and out when I neared the end of my indoor range , meaning I would actually lose parts of the conversation . My Panasonic 2.4 GHz just clicks a bit when I 'm near the end of the range . The Uniden could not cover the length of my large two-bedroom apartment . Frankly , I expected a lot more from this phone .
 I 'm notorious for having bad luck with phones
 Limitation # 1
 I purchased this phone but returned it . My initial reaction was to the sound quality . When comparing this item to my Panasonic 2 line 900 mhz spread spectrum phone , I noticed that the sound quality was noticeably worse.My second reaction was to the inability to use both handsets simultaneously . I feel that if a cordless system has two handsets , they should both be able to talk on one line at the same time . Plus , there is no feature to transfer the address book from one phone to another.Overall , this phone is very slick looking , and might work for someone who is satisfied with only 10 minutes of answering machine recording time and does n't mind mediocre sound quality . I find that the older 900 mhz DSS panasonic phones offer much higher sound quality and extended range in comparison to this phone .
 This phone has great package appeal and makes remarkable claims all over the box `` Increased Clarity '' , `` Less Interference '' , `` The most powerful phones ever built '' and even a cool chart showing that 5.8 Hz is 5 times higher on the `` Clarity Indicator '' -LRB- whatever that is ? -RRB- But the fact is , quality of this phones reception is weaker than all my 900 MHz phones . It has a constant static in the background . Uniden thought it might be interference from my microwave , refrigerator , or some other appliance anywhere in my house so I turning off all the breakers in my house except the one to the phone but the static persisted . Uniden ask me to exchange it for new phone so I did ... the static is even louder on this phone.The range of use is also weaker than my old 900 MHz phones . Tell me again why 5.8 GHZ is better ? My recommendation is to get a 900MHz phone.Panasonic makes some really nice 900MHz phones for a lot less money.But on the other hand , it really is a cool looking phone so if you are looking for hightech artwork for your house this just might be the phone for you .
 Had to return the phone because of poor speakerphone quality . I absolutely loved the feature when calling from home , but when I called to home from work , it sounded liked I was talking to someone with -LSB- $ -RSB- walkie-talkie . The speakerphone also mutes out background noises when no one is talking , this makes callers think the call was dropped . Reviews I have read on 2.4 vs 5.8 GHz technology suggest little overall advantage in clarity , definitely not worth the extra dough .
 Address book entries reduce available caller ID list . Poor range . 900Mhz DSS much greater range . Very disappointing . It does not interfere with my wireless broadband router on 2.4 Ghz . but neither does the 900Mhz phones . I would go with the 900Mhz Digital Spread Spectrum -LRB- DSS -RRB- .
 After seeing this phone in Popular Science I thought I would give it a try . The phone is nice looking and is feature rich but the speaker phones on the base and handset -LRB- s -RRB- is terrible . The microphone on the base is actually underneath the phone . The voice quality with the hand sets is not much better . If you want to sacrifice sound quality for features this will work for you , but I 'm going back to my old Panasonic cordless they are the best .
 I wanted a 5.8 Ghz phone , due to the fact my current cordless phones and WiFi run on 2.4 Ghz . So I got the Uniden TRU5885-2 only to find out that it did n't do wait my current phones do - intercom , from handset to handset or to base . Just a page/call transfer feature . I found out how handy intercom was with my 2.4 Ghz phone , when you 're in back yard and the other is in the house , you do n't have to yell out the window to talk , just intercom with the phones . Also it did n't have a `` line in use '' light/led , so you didn ' know if someone is having a conversation before picking up and dialing ... really annoying there . Other then that , which I deemed very important ; I 'm spoiled now yes , but for the price of these phones , not worth it . I 'll look around more and/or wait to see if other models come out with all the cool features one might require in a $ 200 phone without going to a multi-line system .
 I have owned this phone for about 14 months and I was never very satisfied with the voice quakity or the range . The real disappointment came just a few days ago - the second handset no longer operates . It is completely dead and will not charge , even though I replaced the $ 15 battery pack . I think I will go back to 2.4 ghz technology and stick with phones under $ 100 .
 Address book entries reduce available caller ID list . Poor range . 900Mhz DSS much greater range . Very disappointing . It does not interfere with my wireless broadband router on 2.4 Ghz . but neither does the 900Mhz phones . I would go with the 900Mhz Digital Spread Spectrum -LRB- DSS -RRB- .
 I bought this unit to replace a beautiful but dying Siemens expandable phone system . While most of the features work as advertised , my big complaint is with the handsets not answering an incoming call when you pick them up . I may be overly critical , but this is a function I generally expect from my telephones , especially ones costing this much . This inability to connect with an incoming signal has been a reoccuring problem with the first system and two replacement ones . We also get quite a bit of static that I suspect is interference with my wireless network even though the 5.8 ghz technology is suppose to avoid this problemWe also have a problem with people calling and getting a fax signal even though we do n't have a fax machine . This is probably a phone company problem but at this point I 'm not willing to give Uniden the benefit of the doubt.I 'll be returning this system and trying the Vtech i5871 .
 I was very happy to get this 5.8 GHz uniden phone . But when I started to use it the first day the speaker phone on the base did not work . I had to return it . I will most probably settle for a 2.4 GHz with another company .
 I was either duped by my own lack of research or by the product description for which I 've submitted an update suggestion . These labels WILL NOT work with the Dymo Stamps software . You have to use -LSB- ... -RSB- or some other method to make use of these labels . I thought it would be nice to have additional parts to the label , but upon firing up dymo stamps I found that this is not a supported label at all . Dymo Stamps only supports the one part labels . I ended up returning the labels .
 the written ` directions ' were not well written or clear to understand . The disk with info was a waste of time , no useful info therePrograming is so odd even being a used to odd devices , it never worked . Two weeks later & still waiting to hear about a refund or return instructions .
 I was so excited to get this and when I did I loaded the disk on my laptop did step by step and I still cant get it to work : / IM so upset as i wanted this as a surprise Trash it goes I guess I knew it seemed to good to be true . Ive tried every USB port on computer to get to work ugh . GLad everyone got it to work it is very sturdy though more then I thought it would be : -RRB-
 I was excited about getting a new one , my old one I had for 2 years -LRB- I purchased from a Teacher 's Store -RRB- . The new one lasted 1 month ! Of course I thought it was the battery and invested in an expensive one -LRB- $ 7 -RRB- . When I put it in & it did n't work , I was very upset ! I tried repeatedly to get it to work & to no avail . I was sceptical in ordering another Name tag because I did n't want to waste more $ ! Left a bad taste in my mouth !
 Nice chair , no real special features over any other $ 70-90 chairs.The armrests are cheap plastic with an small internal metal plate to reinforce the screws.Unfortunately , I 'm a tall person , and when I lean back in these chairs too much -LRB- as I often do -RRB- the plastic armrests break just above the metal plate.Once one side breaks , the other side is soon to follow , and I end up snapping the chair in half.Taller / Heavier people should avoid this type of chair .
 it did n't work . packaging was accidently thrown away and it would have cost too much to return . Just counted it as a loss since it did n't cost all that much
 I have a battery pencil sharpener that is way old . I needed a second one for use in mug studio . The newer ones like this model use a sharpener with a single blade unlike the older unit with conical sharpeners.The new single blade types -LRB- i have two different brands -RRB- chews up pencils , breaks points off and jams .
 I just threw this out after trying once again to get this thing to sharpen a pencil . This never really worked properly and I got much better points on pencils with an old fashioned sharpener . After a few unsatisfactory uses it pretty much stopped working all together .
 I purchased 2 of these items . Neither of them worked . I purchased an electric Bostich as a replacement from Amazon . It works perfectly .
 Terrible product . Worked great the first couple times , but then started slowing down . Replaced batteries three times within couple months and only sharpened pencil maybe once a week if that often . I have had several pencil sharpeners over the years , and never had one go bad this quick .
 I bought this pencil sharpener for my kindergarten son . I thought it 's small , battery-operated , safer than the tiny manual pencil sharpener , and cheap enough if he breaks it quickly . However , my son came to me and said it 's not working . I tried it myself and I realized I get what I paid for . The inside of this pencil sharpener is just like those tiny manual pencil sharpener . It 's plastic with a tiny piece of blade screwed onto it . When you put the pencil in , it wo n't stop when the pencil is sharpened . It 'll keep sharpening and breaking the lead . I never know when to pull the pencil out when sharpening . The pencil is either not sharpened yet or the lead has been broken and stuck inside . I 'll have to open the tray and empty it before I can remove the broken lead that 's stuck inside . I think this is a terrible product . I rather use the manual pencil sharpener than this one .
 Do n't waste your money . Thins cheaply made sharpener has eaten every pencil I 've tried to sharpen . I 've finally thrown it away because I do n't think it worth the hassle of returning .
 I used this unit in my piano teaching studio only 3 days a week and perhaps 3-4 times a day to resharpen already sharpened pencils . Yet it burned out in under 2 months ! The refund period already expired so I can only get a pro-rated refund . What a gyp -LRB- i.e. , fraud , cheat or swindle -RRB- . And there is NO contact info on the Amazon site for the manufacturer .
 This is not worth one dollar . If you need only a bit sharpened it will work ... sometimes . If you are starting with a new pencil forget it , not going to happen . It just hums .
 The product seemed to work for about a month . And the for whatever reason it just stopped sharpening a pencil . It made the sound but left the pencil untouched !!
 We homeschool and use a lot of pencils . It sharpened 20 pencils and gave out . The box did say for moderate use - I really figured 20 pencils were less than moderate . We are returning it after one week.It smelled like the motor gave out.Not worth 20 pencils .
 This sharpener worked great for the first 2 months , then it just broke . Tried to change the batteries but that did n't work . This was used daily by a homeschooling student at least twice a day .
 The batteries make you want to through it against the wall they will not say in place while putting in the next batteryThis pencil sharpener will not sharpen a new pencil once you get the batteries in.I recommend buy a good electric pencil sharpener
 I was hoping I would be one of the ones who actually like this sharpener , but I 'm not . I received this and put new batteries in it and promptly broke the lead of the first pencil I put in there . My new batteries act like they 're about to die as the sharpener struggles to sharpen each pencil , and it breaks about half the leads . Too bad . Why do sharpeners have to be so expensive ? I gave it two stars because the pencils it does sharpen are done quickly and have a nice point .
 I wanted a cheap powered sharpener for my 6-year-old - I ended up buying 2 of them ! -LRB- $ 7.99 from Amazon - $ 7.29 from Office Depot ! -LRB- I always expected Amazon to be beat the price of someone like Office Depot but now my innocence is lost . -RRB- First one stopped sharpening -LRB- it whirred a lot -RRB- but I found out my son but the eraser end in so I wrote the problem off to abuse . The second one suffered no abuse at all - and still , it 's functional life span was only a couple of weeks . I do n't intend to spend $ 30 on a quality sharpener - maybe I 'll teach him to use a lead pencil.Don ' t bother .
 The latch would n't close when the batteries were inserted . Returned it and got a full refund without an issue from Amazon .
 I was hopeful that this sharpener would be as effective as the Panasonic KP4A I 'd seen reviewed -LRB- I believe this X-Acto is made by the same company -RRB- . The battery sharpener worked sporadically at first , then I thought it was working consistently . A week or two later , I went back to try it again and it has n't worked since . After I finish this review it 's going in the garbage -- unless it miraculously works again on a last try . I 'm really disappointed in this product .
 I put batteries in 2 sets to make sure it wasnt the batteries BECAUSE IT DOESNT WORK AT ALL ! And of corse i threw away the box it came in so i dont think i can return it !! THE WORST PURCHASE IVE EVER MADE FROM AMAZON.COM !!!!!! & ntilde ; o stars at all !
 The low price might be tempting but believe me , it 's not worth it . I used this on a box of brand new Prismacolors and you can see by the pictures I uploaded what it did to them . Maybe this would be good for a little kid 's pencils or sharpening pencils at school or office but for nice pencils , you will be sorry you tried it .
 After a month or so this sharpener stopped turning when pencil inserted . Sometimes it would turn after several tries but it was frustrating to the point that I through the piece of junk in the garbage . It is so cheap for a reason .
 DID NOT EVEN SHARPEN !!!! MADE NOISE , TURNED , BUT NO SHAVINGS EVER CAME OFF THE PENCILS !!!! WASTE OF ENERGY , TIME , AND MONEY .
 Thought it would be decent enough but it is really junk . Does not sharpen at all , spins round and round without doing a thing .
 Title says it all , sharpened 2 pencils before it broke . Very shoddy product . I was trying to find a cheaper alternative for a powered pencil sharpener . This was a piece of garbage , do n't waste your money . Amazon did n't even want me the defective product back , they just refunded my money .
 I never could get this pencil sharpener to work right . It is just a glorified manual sharpener and not worth the money .
 If you 're an art student that uses animation or soft pencils , 2B and up , this sharpener is a waist of money , it fails miserably in producing a decent edge .
 I bought this because of the price and was n't too concerned about the negative reviews since I was only planning to use it for my daughter 's -LRB- 2nd grade -RRB- homework pencils . That said , I 've pretty much given up on it . As other reviewers have said , it 's only got one blade , so it 's basically like having a battery spin a standard little hand-held sharpener . I 've found that either it just wo n't spin at all due to a lack of power or when you can finally get it to run , it ends up breaking the lead before it gets really sharp . I suppose that could be as much the pencils as the sharpener , but I do n't really have the same issue sharpening by hand . So , into the drawer it goes and the search continues .
 This pencil sharpener was quite a disappointment . I bought it about 2 months ago . It eats the pencils without sharpening correctly . It should n't take longer to get your pencil sharpened than it does to do your homework . Bought a different brand today that seems to work much better .
 Sometimes it works perfectly . Therefore I did not give 1 star . I bought it a couple of years ago and there are major issues with it breaking the point . That would not even be so bad but you need to spend minutes trying to get the broken lead out of the blade , otherwise it will continually break leads on every pencil you try.This is especially true with softer lead pencils like colored pencils and maybe even certain types of wood , especially round with thick paint , like those kids get for gifts/prices at school .
 i was so excited when I received the package and opened it right away.I placed the battery and followed all the instruction -LRB- which not much -RRB- and the machine seemed to work well ... BUT when I put the pencil in , the machine still turned well and made a buzzing sound . . BUT NOTHING HAPPENED.The pencil stayed unsharpened ... I tried to figure it out what was going on . . Finally , I figure that the machine turned to the wrong direction.When I tried manual , the sharperner is fine , but when I attached it to the machine , It did n't do the job . . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME . I tried to return this item , but I still need to wait from -LSB- ... -RSB- to get the link ... CHEAP but HASSLE ...
 I put new batteries in this and it really does n't sharpen pencils . Not enough juice to get job done . What a waste .
 If I had n't already pitched this , it would have been a great produuct for a video review.Doesn ' t sharpen all sides of the pencil evenly . Sometimes it seemed the leads must have cracked from the torquing because they would fall out if you did get the pencil sharpened to a point.Dangerous too . Sometimes the painted shavings would come off in a spiral and wind around the sharpening mechanism . Just removing the plastic cover does n't turn off the motor . Take out the batteries ! Sometimes when trying to untangle the sharpening mechanism it would come on and spin a fewtimes even without a pencil in it.Wasted money to buy the sharpener and wasted money replacing the ruined pencils .
 Ok here 's the deal ... This worked with the first set of batteries , but the subsequent purchases proved to be futile since , no matter which battery I purchased , nothing worked.The sharpener was less than $ 10 . The batteries have cost me almost $ 18 , and , as I mentioned , it only worked with the first set , about 5 days , and now no longer works.They sent me a second , which worked not at all -LRB- it was missing the metal lead -RRB- . It cost me nothing to get it replaced . but ... Buy electric , that is what I finally did and it works great.As for X-acto , buy their products . They stand behind them and have GREAT costumer service.Dianne Schuch Lindsey dlschuch at Salon.com -LRB- Open Salon -RRB-
 IT SHARPENED 3 PENCILS AND THEN STARTED CHEWING UP ALL AFTER THAT . BLADES WERE DULL AFTER ONLY THREE PENCILS WERE SHARPENED AND THEY WERE NOT TOO SHARP .
 The item I received was put together incorrectly . The sharpener spins so that the blade and the pencil are spinning in the same direction . It does not sharpen . If I turn it of and use it as a manual sharpener , the blade works fine . Someone missed something on a batch at the factory !
 I bought this item due to the price and other reviews . The exacto pencil sharpener is difficult to assemble and work . It tends to grab the pencil so you need to use great effort to sharpen . It works but barely . Buy something else !
 I had a similar battery operated pencil sharpener before I bought this one . That lasted about 10 years . This one lasted about 3 months . Dead . Ca n't get the blades to turn at all . It does n't look like there 's anything jammed in there . In the garbage . Ugg .
 this pencil sharpener did n't even work coming out the box . it is a total waste of money , i should have listened to the other reviews that stated that this product if defective cause they too had said it did not work at all , DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 poorly made and designed but at least it was n't expensive . while it does work , i had to wrap a rubber band around it to keep the battery cover from falling off
 Completly waste of money , it did not work even 2 months , the batteries get rusty , awfull , do not buy it
 Terrible Item . It broke as soon as I used it . Awful would definitely recommend not purchasing it.No other way to explain it . Do not buy it .
 just after two months purchase , this one stopped working , the middle part made by plastic was broken . very low quality
 I purchased this pencil sharperner for my colored pencils and it jams all the time and doesnt stay in place on the table when i put the pencil in .
 We needed a pencil sharpener but not often . I purchased this one and should have known by the price it might not hold up . It hardly worked at all . Sad to say I got what I paid for -- a DUD . New batteries can hardly make it turn when you put a pencil down in it to sharpen . Now wo n't even turn itself on.Now have ordered a more expensive sharpener and will give it a good test when I receive it .
 This is just a cheap junk product that does not work at all !! You will not be able to use it ...
 I do n't usually write these reviews , but I was extremely irritated with the way this product turned out for me.As a high school math teacher I am always in need of a good pencil sharpener , but considering I personally buy more than half of my school supplies , I could n't afford to spend a lot on one . After reading the reviews , and deciding to purchase it , I anticipated receiving a great working sharpener for little money!NOT THE CASE . After `` teaching '' my students how to work the sharpener - hold the pencil firmly , press VERY gently , take it out quickly - over and over again , it broke . It constantly would break the lead off the pencil and get stuck in the sharpener . And finally it just completely quit working . So after only four weeks of school , it is getting no use whatsoever but collecting dust in my desk , while my students are back using 99cent plastic sharpeners . It worked great for me personally , but for a classroom of young adults/teenagers , it is not worth it !
 just about every time i 've ever use this thing it pulls the lead out of the pencil and clogs the sharpening device with said lead . you have to take it apart and dig out the lead and then grind away another inch of pencil to compensate for the lead that fell out . if you are very lucky you only need to waste about 3-4 inches of pencil to get one point .
 This thing was a disaster , and I gave it a chance . Really , I did . A few years ... . It simply chews up pencils . Just when you think it 's almost sharp , snap ! Broken lead , and somehow , it breaks the lead way down the shaft so you have to chew off another inch or two before you finally get something resembling a sharp pencil . So frustrating!Oh , and do n't even get me started on what happens to those broken leads ! You have to take off the shaving-catcher/cover thing and get something like a toothpick to dislodge it while the darn blade keeps moving ... . Arrrggghh ! Then , when you try to put the cover back on , it feels as though it 's going to break , -LRB- though in all fairness , it never did -RRB- . In . The . Trash . Can . Sharpened all 24 required pencils for my son 's school by hand , thank you very much .
 Being an artist , I know pencil sharpeners and this one is a poor sharpener.Not only does it not work on arrival , it 's also basically a 10 cent craft sharpener attached to a motor , no different from the hand held single bladed sharpeners you see in the kids craft section . The best sharpeners use the dual rotating spiral cutters.Edit
 Even though the sharpener is compact and battery operated -LRB- which is a plus , no plugs -RRB- it does n't sharpen art pencils very well . There is also not much room for the pencil shavings ... 2-3 pencils and its full and it 's not easy to clean . I guess you get what you pay for !
 This has a rotating blade that will break off the coloring part of the pencil any time after it has gone dull . The blade will get dull in no time . I am very disappointed with this product . It just does n't last . I will never buy a rotating blade anymore . Not even a manual one .
 I purchased this more than 5 years ago , and ever since then I dread every time I need a pencil sharpened . Everytime I use this sharpener , it breaks the tip off the end of my pencil , and then the tip is lodged in a place that prevents the pencil from being sharpened until I take the thing apart and clear it out . I usually have to go through this process several times before I 'm able to sharpen my pencil . I 'm sorry I bought this.Jan2010 Update - There was one pencil last week that it would just NOT sharpen , and after the pencil tip broke off for the third time , I tossed the thing in the trash . I 'm done .
 I draw with colored pencils and had this on my wish list - my nephew got it for me for Christmas . I loaded it with new batteries , but it just does n't work , stops as soon as the pencil hits the blade . Wo n't bother sending it back as shipping costs more than it is worth . Back to Boston brand of pencil sharpeners - they are top notch !
 It lasted for 10 days ... and within the 10 days , I think I have used it for a total of 20 times or fewer.Now it 's just a huge paper weight and manual pencil sharpener !!! Not acceptable !
 I could n't get the battery `` door '' back on once there were batteries inside , no matter how I rearranged things . It came with a piece of paper attached inside the battery compartment to show which way to put in the batteries so eventually I ripped this out , thinking maybe the door would then shut . It did not . I taped the door on as I had a lot of pencils to sharpen and wanted to just get started . Immediately the pencil lead broke off in the sharpener . I had to use a screwdriver to pry the lead out . Every fourth pencil ended up breaking off and jamming the sharpener . I 'm going to return .
 I purchased tow of these sharpeners , when I received them I got the impression that they were high quality -LRB- and by the most part its a solid design -RRB- but they did not work ! I placed 3 different sets of batteries and NOTHING ! I had to return these to Amazon !
 I bought this pencil sharpener as a portable substitute of my other pencil sharpen since I draw a lot in library , starbucks , public places.Everytime I use this sharpener , everyone looks at me because it is very , very loud . To make thing worse , it does n't sharp well . the lead break in it almost everytime.Very disappoint , and anyone has any suggestion on a good battery operated pencil sharpener ?
 Terrible broke within the first 5minutes just stopped working . Very annoying since it was a birthday present and it was opened and broke at the party in front of everyone ! save your money
 We bought this pencil sharpener so our kids would have something for doing their homework in the kitchen . Less than eight months later it just stopped working . I would rather pay more for a quality product . Do n't waste your money , no matter how inexpensive it is . The real shame is the amount of material this product is contributing to landfills . They all end up there sooner rather than later . I have had electric pencil sharpeners last close to 30 years . Again , do n't waste your money . I am sorry that I was forced by Amazon to give it a single star . It deserves zero .
 Total waste of money . The sharpener never worked properly . It barely sharpened a pencil -LRB- blunt tip at best -RRB- and then it just started tearing the tips up . It now rests in the trash can where it belongs .
 This sharpener does not work well . It takes at least10 min or more to sharpen the pencil , if it does atall . I would not recommend .
 I purchased the product for my son ; however , the pencil sharpener did not last for more than a week . I sharpened a total of ten times -LRB- at most -RRB- before it broke . When it worked , it sharpened decently . It is cheap for a reason , and I would not recommend it at all .
 Poor quality . Lasted for less than a month . Even though we did n't overuse or misuse it . Buy more expensive version .
 Got the sharpener and after trying to battery arrangement in the instructions and every other possible combination I could n't get it to work . I returned it .
 Eventually you 'll get a point , but generally it takes losing half the pencil in the process . You 'd be better off with a hand sharpener you can buy for .50 .
 I bought this at Walmart for $ 8 and will be returning it ASAP . It worked once . Every other time it would repeatedly pull the lead out of the pencil . Regardless of how hard or soft I pressed . With one brand new pencil , it took until there was about an inch and a half left before it came to a point . When I tried writing with the pencil , the lead broke immediately .
 I got this product and have not been able to make it work electrically like it should . I actually plan to get rid of it , because I think it might be too late to return it . My fiancee got it to work once , and maybe I 'm doing something wrong but it has n't worked well for me . I would have been better off spending the money for a pencil sharpener that I could plug into the wall , IMO .
 This product stopped working after the fifth sharpening . It is basically a cheap little sharpener that spins inside the case . Now it just spins and does nothing.Go to staples and get a product that works!I am returning this piece of junk !
 I bought it for work , so I did n't want to pay a lot and I am really disappointed . When you insert the pencil to sharpen you see the sharpener spinning and you hear the noise , but it 's not doing anything . I 've used it several times with several different pencils and you definately do n't get a point at the tip of the pencil . Lucky to get anything . When I opened it to dump the shavings out there were n't any , so it just confirmed that it just moves and makes noise . I had a much smaller battery operated sharpener before this one and it cost only about $ 3 and at least it worked !
 Short and simple . This product just does n't work . No beyond that . After properly inserting . Batteries and confirming that the shaving collector was snapped securely into place I eagerly put in my first pencil and waited . Sadly nothing happen . I reinserted the batteries and got ready to sharpen pencils to my hearts content . But even though the shaving blade spun nothing happen to the pencil.Long story short . Pencil sharpened did n't work ended up sharpening 72 pencils nona old wall mount pencil sharper that 's older then I am . Proof positive that you get what you pay for and that low tech works out in a pinch . .
 I 've had a favorite pen for four years and I thought that they had stopped producing it . So when I saw them on amazon I was really excited . What I got , however , was a completely different pen . It was the ` new generation ' of the atlantis and writes really poorly . The box and pen LOOK completely different , and had been squished and both ends were open . The pens themselves did n't write and were coated with dust . What ... even ? I called them today and they said they were sorry and that they 'd send a replacement , which should arrive tomorrow . Fingers crossed ? I 'm fairly confident that they 're just going to send the exact same messed up pens .
 I know I love these pens . They 're the perfect size , shape , and the ink comes out smoothly and does n't blot.But when I bought replacements from amazon , they sent me the new kind -LRB- not the kind pictured -RRB- which while similar in size and shape with just a gray grip instead of black , is of much poorer quality . The new kind with gray grip does not write as smoothly and leaves blot marks on my papers.I wish I could find someone really selling the original .
 I ordered these pens based off of the item that was pictured . I LOVE the pens that are depicted -LRB- they are a previous `` model '' . The rubber grip was offered much more padding . -RRB- The model that they sent offer essentially no padding , and needless to say , I am thoroughly disappointed .
 The item that I purchased was not the item that was pictured or I was under the impression that I was purchasing .
 I was disappointed in this phone . To begin with , the enclosedbattery was almost dead . . . And as for the so-called superior sound , Idisagree . I wound up giving away the phone ... I 'd advise you to stay away from Uniden ! END
 This phone is excellent in every way except two :1
 After over a month i 'm thoroughly disappointed with thisphone . ... The Talk button is positioned so that it 's almost impossible not to hang up on your call if you put the phone to your shoulder . There is a constant whine in the background when speaking . While the range is good , the phone crackles and cuts-out regularly when well within range of the base . It 's not my phone line causing these problems . Think twice before buying .
 Uniden overall makes fine phones ... just not this model . I get alot of static in the phone . It 's like my cell phone , I have to keep turning my head to get clear reception . SPEND A FEW DOLLARS MORE GET SOMETHING ELSE .
 When we purchased this phone it worked great for the first six months . Now the base unit will not charge the battery -LRB- or the replacement battery -RRB- . If you unplug the unit , then plug it in again - it will charge for a couple of seconds and then stop . This phone is a complete joke . I have the backup puck for anyone who was interested . I will never buy another Uniden phone !!!!!!!
 Because of a perceived quality issue , I hesitated to buy this phone but relented because it had a headset , which I use most of the time . The sound , range , and general operation of the phone were fine -- BUT -- you 'd better own a battery company , or keep a car battery with jumper cables handy , if you 're going to buy it . My conversations are n't that long , but the battey life was absolutely dismal . I bought a new battery and had the same result . -LRB- Yes , I charged each of them overnight without interruption before the first use . -RRB- I replaced the Uniden POS with a Panasonic and have had no trouble since . I 've even pushed the limit on talk time and off-charger time and have not been able to get the Panasonic to fail . Never say never , but I will NEVER buy another Uniden product.The Uniden product gets a 1 star rating , just like leaving a nickel tip for extroardinarily bad service
 I have this phone . It 's great except one MAJOR problem . I like to hold the phone on my shoulder and walk around . I hang up on people sometimes three or four times a call . If you 're a shoulder holder , do n't buy this phone !
 These highlighters look and feel nice , but do not get the job done . Ink is weak and highlighter is noticeably lighter after only a few days usage -LRB- even when cap is kept on so marker does n't dry out -RRB- . This product used to be great . But I do not recommend it anymore - not worth the money !
 bought a few dozen of these ... If you use them outdoors , they will fade . I tested several different brands of markers to see which brand weathered better . Marks A Lot seems to have the best weather resistance ... so that is all I buy now .
 I thought it would be nice for the price , because we use a lot . I bought 10 boxes . But , some of them are dry , even not enough to write one character . GOD!I did return it . I never return products boguth on line . anyway , it is the only one time I bought those makers on line . never next time .
 I bought a couple 2-packs of these , and they are practically useless . They are n't nearly as bold/heavy-writing as equivalent thick permanent markers from other brands such as Sharpie and Marks-A-Lot . After failing to use them for yard sale signs on two occasions , I ended up tossing them .
 This thing is unusual . That 's why I bought it . But you do n't have to make that mistake . Trouble with it is it WILL NOT STAY STILL !!! There 's nothing on its bottom side except slick surface that will ensure that the mouse pad moves every time you move your mouse . Oh , it also sticks to your hand . Bad mouse pad .
 I was disappointed when I recieved this item . I ordered the pocka-dot print but received a different print that is not very attractive . As far as the pad it is paper thin and takes some getting use to .
 The Amazon listing for this keyboard tray gives it 's width as 25 '' , but that could only be true if you were measuring from one edge of the brackets to another with the brackets already installed . The actual interior tray size is slightly less than 21.5 '' . I bought this because my keyboard is just over 21.5 '' long and it does n't fit in the tray .
 I would pay more to have a framed bracket and a mouse tray that does n't force you to remove the mouse when you push the drawer in.The drawer itself is nice , but the overall design is ill-conceived , and has the indications that it was n't really tested by real users.I do n't know what the other guy was thinking ... I guess if you never need to push in your drawer or do n't need the mouse tray , and are a light user , then I can see how they would rate this high -LRB- or they 're in a ratings-mill in India lol ... -RRB-
 Over a month ago I ordered this keyboard drawer . I wish I could review it and tell you how great it is -LRB- or is n't -RRB- . I still do n't have one to use , evaluate or review . One did come via UPS with no packing material and the metal slides were bent . I tried to return this . I was told I 'd receive an email within 24 hrs . with the return procedure and RMA number . No email came . I called and was told to call a special phone number to get an RMA . The number was continually busy . I went on line and was told that my order number did n't match my zip code . Click . I was bounced . I wrote a review and the response I received was an email telling me that someone would take care of this . In the mean time would I please remove my negative review . Well , here it is a month later and I still do n't have a key board drawer . My credit card was charged very promptly . That is the only part of this deal that worked correctly and quickly . When you look up dysfunctional company in the dictionary , do you get this one 's listing ?
 That is the last time I am buying any brother printer . I have 5 other printers from inkjet to color laser and photo printer all good but this one is a disaster ! The main instalation software is not working with XP ! Brother customer service is useless . The print quality was good for few days then I changed the toner -LRB- non-brand -RRB- and problem started . The print quality became dark and like old copy machines ! I tried several different toners but still print quality is bad . Its speed is very slow , it takes 10-15 seconds to start the job . The mechanics of this printer is another pain . If you want to do manual duplex printing it takes all your printed paper at once and lose the function.Fax is good . -LRB- The only + but I still do n't know what quality does the receiver person get there . -RRB- . Document feeder is good.The scan function takes for eeeveeer ! Tooo slow!I have to go back to my other printers ! Do not experience mine !
 I have owned the Brother MFC6800 for around 4 years now . Most of this time has been related to living with compromises . This machine has performed below my expectations over the long term . Here are some reasons why :1 . Scanning is too slow . The scanner seems to scan inch by inch . For every inch it moves forward , it jumps back a half inch . The quality of the scan is great though .2 . After the first toner and drum wore off , I have had a miserable time getting the replacements to work . I tried Brothers toner and drum and later , some from ABC ink . These are very expensive -LRB- high cost of ownership -RRB- . Whatever I printed or copied had streaks or too much greys in them . Some forums I visited said that cheaper alternatives do not work with Brother 's products .3 . The machine makes a significant amount of noise when warming up to print.I am in the market for a laser MFC now and will be avoiding purchasing a Brother . Probably will lean towards a HP or a Canon .
 Several number buttons and the stop button were unresponsive after using only 4 or 5 times . Only 6 weeks old and it broke .
 1 -RRB- Awesomely cumbersome software and operation , 2 -RRB- poor quality copies with one edge always dark -LRB- new drum & cartridge did not fix this -RRB- , 3 -RRB- no envelope tray , 4 -RRB- scans of photos come out distorted , 5 -RRB- poor quality instructions and troubleshooting , 6 -RRB- expensive drum replacement . Take my advice , buy something else .
 The size of the labels on the box were not the size of the labels inside the box . It costs more to return than to buy new .
 I was looking for something that cut cleaner than my heavy chopper-style Premier paper cutter for 11x14 and 12x18 inch photos on double weight photo paper or medium weight inkjet paper , and I did n't want to spend a lot of money . Unfortunately , you get what you pay for -- this trimmer does a terrible job . It needs more than two cuts to cut a photo edge clean , and it is very hard to determine where to measure and place that edge . I called the maker about this and was told that it will indeed cut photo papers , but `` it needs a double cut to get through the thickness '' of a photo paper . Okay , but most of the time it needs three or more up and back movements of the rotary blade to actually get a clean slice . I have barely utilized this trimmer because of the aforementioned problems . It now gathers dust in my closet .
 This pen is okay , but nothing to write home about -LRB- pun intended !!! -RRB- It definitely writes , but is not extremely comfortable to write with , and the ink does not flow extremely well . Would n't bother to replace it with the same pen ...
 The metal spine is not attached to the book . I guess that 's so it can `` flip back '' . But the edges are sharp , and it is broken looking due to clumsy design . The top split open practically the second I touched it , revealing the cardboard inside . Not well made . Would not buy again .
 I give this product a single star for its idea , and another star for the idea working relatively well . That said , I have 4 of these notebooks -LRB- 2x1 .5 '' , 2x1 '' -RRB- and every single one is now destroyed and will not hold papers . I bought them exactly one year ago for my semester at school . Each one has at least one ring that is warped and will not close anymore . Skip these , they are definitely not worth the novelty .
 These binders are discribed as having 4 pockets . They do not !! they only have 2 shallow pockets that are already starting to rip !!!
 I am not very happy with the way it arrived . It was missing one of its rubber feet , and I am afraid it will scratch my wood floors so I do not use it at all .
 I was hoping for something that would be appropriate for a slightly arthritic woman who weighs 250 pounds -LRB- well below the 300 pound limit listed for this stool . -RRB- When she stepped on the first step of the stool , the feet splayed ever so slightly . In addition , the first step is too narrow to provide secure footing . No doubt this is a good buy for lighter , more agile people , but not good for people who are fit enough to climb a step stool , but need it to be very sturdy & ample .
 I had really liked my EZ Step Folding stool until a recent incident has prompted me to caution its users . My husband was standing on the stool when it came apart in 3 pieces and caused him to fall and suffer serious injury . His injury did require surgery and a long period of rehab , and we feel that this caution is needed for others using this product .
 I purchased one of these from a home center -LRB- blue not orange -RRB- . I used it get access to a storage room in my house about 24 inches above the basement floor . Last night while carrying my christmas tree stand I stepped on it and it broke into at least 20 pieces . I ended up on the floor . This is junk and you should avoid it . You are much better off with a metal version .
 Um ... good solid stool but came without a foot for one of the legs . This would not be a big deal except it was a gift and so we ordered another to speed along the delivery before returning and ANOTHER one came with ... guess what ... a missing foot .
 I was disappointed when I received this step . This looks rather inelegant and much bigger than I had expected . I can not understand why the reviews are so high ??
 Remember to check the measurements when you buy something . I thought they were going to be regular size post its and they turned out t be the tiny ones . They were almost 6 bucks a piece that is why I did n't pay attention to the size . Cost way to much .
 I know this is my fault - I did not read the description closely enough - but these are really small Post-Its . When it said `` original cube '' , I did n't bother to pay attention to the dimensions . But these are not the `` normal '' sized Post-Its . So , even though it is described clearly ... If you want a regular cube of Post-Its - do n't buy this .
 I ordered this and got only one cube , not the eight advertised . When I complained about it , I was given another order for one sent overnight at no cost to me . But it was also just one cube . So I 've got 2 cubes for the price fo 8 . Thanks Amazon ! Looks like they do n't have the kinks worked out on this one yet .
 This is not a standard size post-it . Very expensive for little notes . Not a good buy .
 It is mini not the original one in the picture it is big but when it is arrived not what I want it is really disappointing for me , I really hate that not very useful for me
 We purchased the console as a replacement . The console did not work . When we called the tech they did not want to help because they were leaving for the day . The tech said `` We do n't test those before we send them . '' So , according to the tech they are sending products out that they have no idea whether the products are working . I was completely dissatisfied and returned the product .
 When a manufacturer says that a grommet is 3 '' it usually means that it fits a 3 '' hole . At least that 's that case with every other manufacturer . These fit a 23/4 '' hole . Is , if you 've already drilled your 3 '' whole , these are useless and will fall right through .
 Most people who use these use the opening to measure the item needed . The company who makes this measures the top . As another person noted , the opening is actually 23/4 inches . I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing it . It is not for a 3 inch opening and as the other person noted , it falls right through .
 i have a 3 inch hole and this product slides right through the hole ... there is no lip to hold it on the counter . i also cant use it because you cant open the hole all the way , only 1/2 way because the top does n't come off , it only slides . i need to send these back .
 Mouse looks good , and is a slim enougth to slide into a pocket in your laptop bag . The USB transceiver is tiny and hides well inside the moise body when stowed . But , the scroll wheel is shiny and stiff to turn . The only way I can turn the wheel is to lick your finger , like you were counting money . Too bad . There is no thumb back button , but I can live without that . The entire mouse is high gloss , so it can be difficult to grip with dry hands . I am still searching for the perfect mouse .
 `` Updated every year '' is misleading . I sat down to create my company 's W2 's and found 2008 Forms -- not the 2009 Forms that were expected . Thanks to the review posted earlier , I now know to ask for a REFUND , rather than a replacement .
 Although it does not state so in the description , Amazon will send you 2008 W-2 tax forms . They did so to me TWICE !
 Just like the other reviews in past years they send you their previous years left over forms . We needed 2012 and got 2010 forms . Luckily Amazon was great and refunded right away and still had time to order the correct forms .
 Too late to fix them now . Hope my employees and the IRS do n't mind Sharpie 9 's on all the forms .
 These are 2008 forms as descibed in the other review . We 've asked for a refund . This is a complete waste of everyone 's time .
 I have also had problems with the keypad failing on one of my hand sets . I can not answer the phone and if I am successful answering , I can not end the call . The phone is now well over a year old and I have long since thrown out the reciept and any warranty is long over . This is a piece of garbage . Do not buy this model if it is still on the market .
 Like so many others who have posted reviews about the same problem , I have 3 of 4 phones that are unusable because of key pad failure . I actually came here to buy replacement phones , but after reading the reviews , I will junk the system and try another brand .
 got the unit with two handsets . the sound was horrible from the begining then one handset 's buttons stopped working after 6 months then two months later the other handset 's butons stopped working.we will never buy MOTOROLA portable phone again .
 I have two of these phones and both started to have trouble with one number -- eventually the whole keypad goes out . I have heard of others having the same problem . Motorola was no help -- told me to clean the keypad . They obviously know it is a consistent problem and flawed phone . DO NOT BUY !
 Good features on this phone system , the speaker phone is really great . However , the buttons on the handsets stop working after 12-14 months making the phone unusuable . We have had this happen on 2/3 handsets . This phone is going in the trash , I 'm replacing with a Panasonic .
 I am highly disappointed in Motorola 's quality of the MD491 . I have repaired the unit eight times and replaced the batteries but have finally given up . I have ordered a Panasonic replacement phone system . The key pads stick as others have described and the battery gives a two bar indication then dies shortly after you start talking . I see on Amazon complaints of other Motorola cordless units having the same problem . It is a shame because Motorola produced quality products in the past .
 I have four Motorola MD41 handsets in my house . They are all about two years old . The keypads do not work on all four of them . There is a design flaw . There are three leaky electrolytic capacitors soldered to one side of the printed circuit board , and the keypad contacts are on the other side of the same circuit board . The electrolyte eventually leaks out -LRB- this happens sooner in warm temperature and later in cold temperature , e.g. , sooner in the second-floor bedroom and later in the basement of my house -RRB- and shorts the keypad contacts , after which some keys stop working . Since I have a Ph.D. in electronic engineering , I was able to take the thing apart and wipe off the spilled electrolyte using a cotton cloth soaked with anhydrous ethanol . After this time-consuming procedure the keypad works for a couple of months , but then electrolyte comes back and some keys stop working again . Imagine a phone which dials only those numbers that do not contain digits 1 , 2 , 3 and 5 . How can one use it ? Bottomline
 Called Motorola 's service hotline after I saw others having the same issues with the handsets that stop working . I was told that there 's a 1 year manufacturer 's warranty and that if I give them all my serial numbers , they can verify the dates for me . I have the receipt and I know when I bought them ... well over a year ago . I have the MD 481 base unit that came with an extra handset and purchased 2 md 41 handsets . 2 of the 4 phones ' keypads have stopped working correctly.Didn ' t have the luck of the other reviewer who is getting new handsets ... and that 's after I rattled off all of the different Motorola products I currently own.Nice phones ... when they work .
 Ditto the reviews below . The `` on '' button on the handset is not working so the only way to answer the phone is by pushing the `` speakerphone '' button . To my disgust , Motorola tells me that since the phone is no longer under warranty they will not replace it and - believe it or not - there is no authorized service center that can repair it . In other words , if it breaks the only option is to send it to the landfill . UNBELIEVABLE !
 Just like the other review 's ... first the 1 button stopped working , followed by the 5 button ... now the phone is useless . Very disappointing product from Motorola . Spend your money on something different .
 4 handsets ALL with bad keypads . We 'll see what happens regarding replacments !
 We have the base station with three extensions . When the keypads on the first handset stopped working - we thought it was a problem with a single piece . But slowly and certainly -- all 3 pieces have become useless . We have tried changing the batteries but that proved to be a useless exercise . The sad thing is that when we had bought this set a year ago , it had great reviews.It pains me to trash something on which i have spent well over 150 $ . Do n't think I will ever buy a motorola piece after this experience
 I bought the base and 2 additional phones and within 6 months 2 of the 3 are non-usable and the 3rd is now intermitant which means it will so be junk too :-LRB- . the keypads are faulty and prematurely fail and one of the phones just stoped recognizing the base ? Circuit City has ABSOULUTLY TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE and MOTOROLA just as bad . They sell this garbage to the consumer full well knowing that it is faulty and dont care . Neihter Circuit City or Motorola would replace the phones even with a 6 month old recceipt there both crooks and buyer beware . after your 90 day warranty your stuck with junk . I would not even want replacement phones of the same because they will break too . This is consumer fraud were not talking 20 bucks for these phones I spent nearly 200 dollars and 6 months later I have garbage and after spending hours and hours on the phone with circuit city and motorola NOTHING ! From what I have just read in the reviews that Motorola seems to be on to there bad exposure now and there passafying there customers now ??? maybe I will call back now its been a while I all but have givin up hope . If they do send me new phones if there these they can shove them up - well I cant say it but use your imagination ... I will Never shop at Circuit CITY nor will I buy a Motorola Product again . this is terrible that they can do this to consumers and get away with it . It should be intresting to see if Motorola changed there tune . If they did I will write another update review with the outcome . PS yeah there GRWAT PHONES at first but the ones who wrote those reviews will soon see how great they really are ...
 I bought 3 of these phones , within a few months all of them had battery life issues and the buttons on 2 phones do n't work anymore.Bad motorola , bad !
 As I said in my review of the base system , Motorola has on paper a nice looking system with a lot of neat features ; but in reality the sound quality is extremly poor to the point of being useless to me.Also note
 The MD400 series phone has great features - phones work great but , the keypads fail . I have had to replace -LRB- 2 -RRB- of the -LRB- 4 -RRB- original units and -LRB- 2 -RRB- of the units are acting up now . The keys will not work - it seems to be random - sometimes its a #key sometimes it the on/off key . Searching theinternet I found that this is a typical problem with these phones . I am looking for a replacement and I am stearing away from Motorola because of this problem . I do n't know if the newer MD700 series has the same problem I have not been able to find any reviews on the units .
 This is a decently designed phone with very poor execution . The key pad has failed after about a year of use . One should n't expect such cheapness and lack of reliability from Motorola .
 I can honestly say that I have never abused this phone . I bought the answering machine system with one handset and after about 6 months most of the buttons on the keypad quit working . Then I bought a new add-on handset and took extra extra care of it and after about 6 months the buttons quit working on it too . I like the phone and all but it 's of little use if the buttons do not work . So save your money and buy something that will last .
 This phone was great ... for a few months . The `` 2 '' button did n't work so Motorola replaced it and now the `` send '' button does n't work either . I would probably look into a different brand next time .
 I wish there was a zero star rating ! Like other reviews , my `` 1 '' stopped working on one phone and on two others the `` on '' button is dead . I bought a base with two extra handsets and EVERY ONE of them has stopped working . These are 6 months old . I have sent them to Motorola at my expense for repair . Stay away from this product !
 I bought this phone in Feb 2004 ... It started out working great . . no problems . Then it would not work at all , out of the blue ... It kept reading `` searching for service '' i was so angry . . it was only a few months old . . then just before i sent it back to the company . . it worked ... so great right ?? It just broke a second time and my warrenty is up ... My cordless Uniden that is 6 years old out lived this phone . . It has not worked in 1 month ... now i am here , trying to find a more reliable phone ! This phone was truly a diapointment
 I bought one of these phones and liked the design a lot so I bought a second remote handset . Problem is , I 've had the phones only a year and the keypad on one of them has essentially stopped working -LRB- most of the numbers anyway -RRB- . Without the number `` 1 '' on the keypad working , this phone is pretty worthless!Good phone but quality is bad . I think my one-year warranty is up too .
 I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AS A GIFT FOR MY SISTER IN LAWS BIRTHDAY.THE KEY PAD WENT IN JUST ABOUT A YEAR . MOTOROLA IS A COMPANY THE DOES NOT PRIDE IN IT 'S PRODUCT , AND WILL NOT FESS UP TO MANY COMPLAINTS ALL IN REGARDS TO THE SAME PROBLEM . THEY WILL NOT MAKE GOOD ON THIS PHONE AND THEY KNOW IT.THEY PROBABLY MADE THE RADIOS THAT FAILED TO WORK FOR THE EMERGENCY WORKERS ON 9-11 THAT FAILED TOO !! I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT BY MOTOROLA AND TELL AS MANY OTHERS NOT TO AS WELL.THEY STINK !!!!
 Well , from the beginning these phones have had little nuances that have turned into larger ones . Motorola replaced the batteries under warranty back when they first started acting up , stating the batteries were the problem . Put the new batteries in and it helped for a short time.Recently , you have to hit some of the buttons multiple times to make them work and the caller ID screen quit working . I called motorola , and that stated because the phones were out of warranty there was nothing they could do . They told me to clean the key pad , and/or buy new batteries to fix the problem ... which is not the problem.Oh well , some companies still stand behind their products , motorola apparently is n't one of them.I 've been through so many different phones the past few years , and all have ended up malfunctioning in one way or the other . I just wish someone would make a quality product .
 I bought these phones about 12 months ago , and the batteries are already dead . The cost to replace the battery is about as much as getting a new phone .
 I purchased three of these phones 26 months ago . The buttons on two of them have not been working for months . The buttons on the third are pretty much shot now as well . Three phones - all worthless if I ca n't push the buttons . I expected more from Motorola . I 'm guessing a cheapie , no-name phone system would have lasted longer and definitely cost me less .
 We have owned four of these handsets and EVERY SINGLE one had had the buttons fail . They use some kind of rubber membrane contact and after a while they just stop working , or work very intermittently . NOT recommended .
 Less than 8 months after I purchased this phone , all of the number buttons stopped working and I already had to purchase a new battery . Luckily , the one year warranty was still in effect so I was able to return it to the company and they sent me a new one . We had the new one for about 4 months when all of the number buttons stopped working on it and the battery needed replaced once again !!!! This was a very expensive phone and the quality is terrible . Because of this experience , I will never purchase another motorola phone again , and I will advise others against purchasing motorola products .
 Okay , I 've read the reviews and hope the rest of you thinking of purchasing this phone have as well . The basic advice , do not buy this phone or any other phone from Motorola . This phone as well as the MD481 have a keypad that WILL fail in about a year ; just past the warranty period . I have called Motorola and they will not claim responsibility for this issue . Other posts have said that they have gotten remedy from Motorola ; which is good for them , but now Motorola has stopped that practice . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE OR ANY OTHER PHONE FROM MOTOROLA !!!
 There are several reviews praising the customer service at Motorola for replacing these defective handsets . Unfortunately that procedure has been discontinued by Motorola . After reading the reviews and having the same problem for the past year with buttons that just refused to work , I called customer service . I explained how these reviews said Motorola would replace the defective handsets . After talking to a customer service representative and a supervisor I was told they no longer will replace the defective handsets and there was nothing they could do . The buttons started malfunctioning after less than 12 months and I 'm also on my 2nd battery in less than a year . This phone is junk and Motorola is no longer standing by their product .
 I have four of these handsets and thought they were the greatest invention ever ... until the keypads started going out . It starts with the 3 and pretty soon you ca n't hang up the phone ! I just contacted customer service , and they are no longer replacing any handsets unless you purchased the unit within the past year . So , unless you want to replace your phone each year , I would stay away from this model .
 The buttons on these phones do n't last long . My original set with the answering machine started to have the buttons stick after 1 year . I bought the replacement phone in November , and finally gave up in April . 3 phones , 3 phones that do n't shut off -LRB- the buttons wore out -RRB- . The phone itself and the machine were great . The clarity was awesome . However , in order to have a good phone , you need to be able to turn it on and off !
 I initially had three handsets . Two of them are broken because the pads stopped working only after one year for one and another one year for another .
 As so many others have stated , my key pads are going . I thought I was nuts the other day when I tried to put in my voicemail code and nothing worked . What the heck ? I took down the customer service number and I 'm hoping they will help me out . I 'll write again and change my view if they replace the 2 phones . I mean , you pay over $ 125 for phones that only work for about 10 months . That 's insane .
 You ca n't deny this mousepad is adorable ! That big old smiling Hello Kitty face with the big bright pink flower ... So cute!Unfortunately , that 's about all this mousepad has going for it . As far as useability , be prepared to be frustrated . Endlessly.I can honestly say I have NEVER had a mousepad come out of the package and CURL UP . That 's right - the sides and edges immediately curled in on themselves . `` Annoying '' does n't even BEGIN to describe this phenomenon.BUT ! I am a trouper . So I got out a stack of dictionaries and set them on top of the mousepad - and left them there for about two weeks . Yes , two weeks . Every time I checked on it before then , it still had a distinct curl to the edges.Finally , the mousepad was flat enough to be used ... and I put it down on my desk and Lo ! There was much rejoicing over the cuteness of the mousepad.Of course , that was about 2 months ago . In the past two months , the mousepad has continued to curl up and need to be flattened out over and over and over again ... until at this point , I 'm wondering why I still bother and , more importantly , why did Sanrio ever make such a heinous product?Really , they ought to be ashamed of themselves . If I wanted to do my mousework on a round service , I 'd buy a beach ball .
 I love Hello Kitty and am really disappointed with this product . Within a week it warped so bad . The other reviewer said that they worked to flatten out the pad after it warped , but I think I can only put it into the garbage soon as it is too distracting like this to work with .
 these dry erase marlers came highly recommended . When I received my order the black and the blue were dry and did not work .
 Granted that this item is only four dollars . Thus , I should not have expected much . Each morning I would clip this to my belt to hold my keys . In the evening , I unclipped it . That is the expected usage of this product . It seemed to be just what I needed . But , after about 60 days , the leather clip broke at the place where it bends 180 degrees . The company said that if I sent the product back , they would replace it . But why pay a dollar or so to mail back a four dollar product . I will find another belt clip .
 I have two of these . And that 's 200 too many.All would be fine , but each time you set the phone back in the base/charging cradle , it `` handshakes '' in a new security code . If you hear ONE beep , you 're fine ... a new code is established and the base can communicate to the handset.If you hear THREE beeps , however , there has been a problem establishing a link between the handset and cradle with a new security code . Hence , the handset ca n't work with the base and is rendered USELESS . And BOTH the PM5800 phones I have do the same thing and no , they are n't cross interfering with each other . I only use one at a time.And so you stand there ... dropping the phone into the cradle ... . up and down ... . a million times trying to get ONE BEEP . After a hundred or more attempts , you get angry and want to throw the piece of garbage out the window . It does n't even look good enough or weigh enough to be a decent paper weight.As I write this , mine has n't worked in over 2 months . If you think I 'm going to waste an entire day trying to get the base and handset to link , FORGET IT ! And FORGET the Phonemate PM5800.P.S . If any one out there knows a trick as to how to solve this , PLEASE LET ME KNOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The manual says NOTHING .
 The labels were what I wanted as far as style number but they were old , and simply not used to the intended purchase .
 I bought these for packaging purposes for my home business . My logo is a small , round cartoon image . I was able to lay-in the image using Avery 's template for MS Word , but despite it looking perfect in `` Print Preview '' , the actual printed sheet was a big mess . No matter what I did -- resizing the image , tweaking the margins , realigning the images individually , etc etc would get the sheet aligned properly . Some part of the logo was always slightly outside of the cut area . That probably does n't seem like a big deal , but when you need your items to be packaged and displayed attractively , a sloppy looking label just wo n't do.I 've also used the Avery business card sheets and templates . The layout is much more complicated , but strangely effortless compared to these round label sheets . I honestly think I would have spent less time if I 'd just printed these labels on plain paper and cut them out individually with scissors . If I had n't printed so many test sheets , I would have returned these for a refund . Without a functional template these labels are basically just blank white stickers . Great product if you want to make a Zen statement , but not so much if you have something to sell .
 I use stickers as rewards for kids at work and when I look at a description that says LARGE ROUND stickers I expect what anyone would expect , something 2-3 '' in diameter . What I got was pages of stickers about the size of my thumb . They are cute but by no means are they LARGE .
 We sent the phone back the same day we received it . It looked beautiful , but unfortunately , we wanted it to funtion as well . YOu could anwser and talk on the phone , but he ringer did not work at all . We tried all the steps that the directions gave but to no avail.To bad .
 This classic telephone looks great in the hallway of my old farmhouse . Unfortunately , the push button dial tones have never worked properly . Since I bought it mostly for looks and it does receive calls , I have n't tried to return it .
 I purchased this phone directly from the manufacturer . I liked the retro look and needed one corded phone for my new house . I was excited about this product . I liked the styling , I felt comfortable with the quality since it had so many good reviews , and Crosley commonly advertises on radio shows I like to listen to.Unfortunately , when the phone arrived it had a problem , the phone would not transmit my voice , all other features worked , just the caller on the other end could not hear me . I called the company and was told I would have to talk to Tech Support . Transferred to Tech Support , I waited on hold for 15 minutes , until the system forced me to leave a voice mail . To their credit , they did call me back the same day . They determined that I needed a new handset and sent one out . When the new handset arrived , I installed it but the result was the same.Frustrated , I called the manufacturer again and went through the same song and dance . This time they determined that they would need to replace the phone , but they refused to send a new one until the original one had been returned . When I informed the rep that it had been more than 6 weeks that this has been going on and I was unwilling to wait another 4 weeks for a working phone , he was unsympathetic . `` We will not send the replacement until you have returned the original phone . '' Now I was mad and told him that I just want to return the phone and get my money back . He was perfectly fine with that , showing no concern that they had lost a customer . My experience with Crosley was so bad , I doubt I will ever buy a product from them.As a side note
 I loved this phone , but after only a few weeks the button is stuck and the phone ca n't pick up . I want it fixed but do n't know how .
 The sound quality of this phone is terrible . I love the look and it seems to be very sturdy of construction . I am going to return it .
 I bought the wall version of this phone , though NOT over Amazon . The pushbuttons did n't work when I got it . I returned it , and bought the same phone online -LRB- NOT thru Amazon , but from Crossley direct -RRB- . The second phone worked fine for about six months . Now most of the pushbuttons do n't work at all and three of them just stay stuck.It 's great-looking , but do n't buy it if you need a phone that works !
 Just received the phone in black . Sending it back immediately ! As soon as it came out of the box I could tell the product is cheap and poorly made . Cheap plastic . The receiver feels like a toy in my hand . Not like the Crosley wall unit we bought about 6 years ago which was made out of metal . The receiver on that phone feels almost like a hammer . Very disappointed .
 I received this the beginning of May . I love the look of these phones , but it ends there . Two months after I received it , callers would here static and crackling when speaking with me . The handset is awkward to use -LRB- this is not my first time having a phone like this -RRB- . Four months after receiving this , the phone died altogether . After reading other reviews , I gave up and cut my losses . I replaced it with an ugly phone from Rite-Aid for ten bucks and have had no problems . Too bad , it was pretty though .
 This phone is smart looking and goes well with my decor but it does n't ring and I 'm going to have to send it back after I call to get my shipping label to return it , repack it and wait for return ... its such a hassle . I would like to recommend this phone to a friend but I 'm afraid it may not `` ring '' . This is a pretty important feature .
 I was disappointed with this phone when I received it . Yes , it is vintage looking but that is about it . If you get within 5 feet of it you can tell this is no vintage phone . Cheap plastic , weighs practically nothing . The hand receiver has no meat to it . Not worth the 50 bucks , sending it back .
 Worked great , then the base fell off . It still worked untill my husband killed it trying to pick up in the middle of the night .
 This is a very attractive phone to which I put a lot of effort into finding this style . It 's location in my home is one where it is not used very often . In 3 months it was used less than half a dozen times . I was shocked and extremely disappointed to try to answer a call recently and hear nothing on the other end . The other caller was able to hear me . There was no dial tone . Even trying different lines and phone jacks did not help . There is no damage to the phone . I have been trying to contact the seller
 I just got my phone today and I 'm ready to return it.Reasons :1 . The web description of the phone is false . This phone does NOT come w / the promised `` cloth cord '' shown on the picture , it 's just the regular spring plastic one ... A big detail for who wants a vintage look phone .2 . The body of the phone -LRB- since not in metal -RRB- should be at least a stronger heavier plastic , great disappointment!It looks and feel like a cheap toy phone you might give for babies to play , not at all like a antique . There is no shine or matte treatment to it either , just very ugly and cheap plastic.If you want this phone I recommend the brushed chrome version , which is not as `` vintage cool '' as a color but it has a way better look and feel to it .
 Cord IS NOT cloth covered AS DESCRIBED and PICTURED . Cord is not removable either , so it cant be replaced . ALSO the cord is stamped with the manufacturers logo and brand . The point of the phone is to look vintage . The integrity is destroyed by the cord . Paid more for this particular phone than others available because of the description and photo . Deceptive !
 This phone is low quality . First the cord can not be removed from the handset . Second it is made of a light plastic . Third the handset is not balanced so it sits on the cradle crooked . The sound quality is average . The ringer is soft as is the handset volume .
 the phone did not even last a month , and I can not make a call anymore . I can only receive the call . None of the bottom is working .
 Out of the box , this phone barely functions . It has a receiver off-hook button that sticks and had to be jiggled in order to receive a dial tone . Absolute junk for the price .
 I am very disappointed that the phone does not work . I am satisfied with the appearance , and the curly cord is fine . But within 5 minutes of plugging in the phone the headset no longer transmitted the voice of the caller . The caller can hear me , but I can not hear the caller , nor the dial tone -- nothing . It seems as if I can return it free of charge , which is great .
 I purchased the phone for a gift . When my sister opened the box she realized that the wire was missing . Please send me the wire . I was embarassed to give a gift that she could not use.Thank you , Catherine B.
 I specifically ordered the phone that I did because it mentioned/showed a cloth covered cord ... when the item arrived , it was the right body , but the curly plastic cord ... if I had wanted that , there was the option to order it that way . I would like the cloth covered cord I was promised when purchasing .
 This is the second time I am submitting this review . When the steps were received , they were missing a hinge for the step `` drawer '' . There is a mar on the bottom step . I was very disappointed in the piece I received . Surely there must be a quality control that looks at a piece before it is shipped . These two problems were so obvious , we noticed them the second we unpacked it .
 Fell apart the second time it was used as I was using it to climb into bed . The top step came un-stapled and `` shifted '' me off the stool . Was n't injured and because I really need a step-stool to get into bed I just glued the step back in place
 I was expecting higher quality when I purchased it . It takes up a great deal of space and is easy to trip over at night . Now , it 's out on my back porch as the hinge on that compartment that opens up tore away from the wood . It 's too expensive to pack up and ship it to return it , so I 'm stuck with it.I do not find fault with the seller as they shipped it well , carefully and promptly . They are good people , just this product is poor . I 'm really sad about it being broken . I never even stored anything in that place so it was n't like I was opening and closing it . It is just poorly made . Pretty expensive for something that will fall apart so easily and quickly .
 The packaged arrived crushed with dents and creases in the plastic that can not be fixed . The string that holds it closed was too short and hanging down unconnected . No quality control before shipping it .
 This thing ripped and tore and generally turned into a pile of garbage in about 5 days . It 's a particularly bad choice for school kids -- a total waste of money .
 I purchased this to stuff all our recent home constructions papers in -LRB- plans , permits , invoices , ect -RRB- . Nothing wanted to fit . This file holder is more of a glorified coupon holder . I would imagine it would be ok for stacks of uniform paper like graded test papers -LRB- for a student -RRB- or some very light home organization . Not for business or any real volume . I ended up getting a plastic box from staples for the same price .
 The product looks nice in picture , but it is made of cheap plastic , and you can easily tear the pockets from the back . I am returning it .
 This looked very sturdy , so I bought it for my son for school . The back of the file was wripped away from the rest within the first 2 weeks . Very disappointing for the price .
 Much more room than I had expected . I think I could fit several hundred pages in here , which is exactly what I was hoping for . Even each compartment has enough space for a small novel . If I were to guess , the entire file folder expands to about 8 '' wide.Now the * exterior * material may be of the type that resists water and is stiff , but I can see my pages underneath . It covers the top , front and back . Not underneath . The inside compartments appear to be glued or pressed in , with a much thinner material , almost like a tearable plastic film . Today is my first day owning it . So far so good , but I can see the potential for this falling completely apart . By that I mean if it breaks down , nothing will keep your papers inside because that durable exterior plastic does not wrap all the way around the folder.What bugs me , however , it that they sent me one that was damaged . That little elastic band that holds it shut has little notches on it , giving the appearance that it has been squeezed or that the band has deteriorated . I 'm very disappointed they would attach damaged materials to their product . This is how you lose customers , guys . Design is one thing , but quality control is another . This was n't something that happened in shipping or packaging , you tried to use materials that should have been thrown away . This band will surely snap in a matter of days , being that part of it is only holding together by a few threads .
 I do n't know what I was expecting . Maybe some new invention like clear graphite , but this stuff is WET WET WET . Like the picture on the can I needed to spray a couple of interior door hinges . I thought this stuff was going to take the paint off the door ! It runs and sprays all over the place and softens paint and it did n't fix the squeak . It 's basically spray acetone , yes ACETONE . I guess there 's some lubricant in it that will be left over when the acetone eventually evaporates . Did I mention acetone is flammable ? And it 'll stink up the whole house . Back to 3 in 1 oil like the old-timers used . Heck , I 'd use butter before I would use this . It 's called Slide-All -LRB- that 's a registered name ... hang onto that guys -RRB- . However , spray acetone might be a good and handy thing to keep in the workshop with the paint supplies ... I think I 'll keep it .
 Slips , buckles , and does not provide any improvement over any cheaper mouse pad . It is razor thin and does not provide a good surface .
 I was n't happy with the performance of this product . But I decided to keep it in case I do need it for something some day . It arrived in very good condition . But I was `` WOW ! '' when I saw it and wished I had n't purchased it . : - -RRB-
 I blame myself for not paying closer attention to the product specifications , but 5 `` x7 '' is just too small to make a useful mousepad . I encourage all customers to take note of the dimensions and stick with larger items . To use a mouse effectively , you need a bigger area .
 I would avoid this stuff . It does n't work . I spent hours gluing rhinestones onto a t-shirt -LRB- and yes , I did pre-wash the shirt before gluing on the rhinestones -RRB- into the shape of my school 's logo . I wore the shirt to the football game , it looked great , got all kinds of compliments . I just washed the shirt -- in gentle , in cold water . About a hundred of the two hundred rhinestones fell off in the washer . I am so angry right now . So the bit about `` holds jewels permanently through repeated washings '' is n't true . I used to decorate shirts with rhinestones on a fairly regular basis , never had this issue before with the other brands I used . This is the first time I 've use this particular brand of glue , I bought it because the bottle was small and only wanted enough for this project . Big mistake on my part .
 You really have to prewash your fabric first or the stones will fall off of some types of fabrics like very pretty rain . Personally I prefer another kind of glue ... GemTac , because you do n't have to prewash anything .
 Like the reviewer from Baltimore , I was psyched to enjoy this device . Not three hours after unwrapping it , though , and it 's already dead . Got all of my meals from the past week logged in -LRB- I had been keeping track on paper in anticipation of receiving the gizmo -RRB- , entered in all of my personal info , hit the journal key , and ... nothing . Well , not nothing . More like 10 lines of gibberish on the screen . Did a soft reset . No change . Took the batteries out , put them in . Blank screen.So ... I called customer support -LRB- and sat on hold for 10 minutes of a non-800 long distance call before I even spoke to a rep -RRB- . Did a hard reset over the phone . Nothing . Again . Nothing . Finally , rep said they 'll send a new one out to me . How do I send the old one back , I asked . `` Oh , we 're not doing that anymore , '' says the rep. `` We 'll just send you a new one and you can toss the broken one . '' Get the impression that this is more than just an isolated incident?So I 'm getting a replacement device . Wonderful . And if THAT one fails , then what ? Do they just keep sending me new ones every couple of days?In the meantime , I 'm back to paper and pen.Here 's some advice
 It broke the first day . I was at the gym with that day 's routine stored in the database when the screen froze . Soft reset . Sync . Soft reset . Error message . Hard reset now impossible . Called tech support . Not familiar with that error message . -LRB- If not them ... ? -RRB- Tech support would call back . Had a replacement in my hands before tech support called back . -LRB- They never did . -RRB- I 'm giving it another try because even though my experience was frustrating and the software is n't perfect , the idea is a good one . Still , consider buying a Handspring Visor -LRB- more reliable -RRB- and just get the Palm software . If the Vivonic hardware fails again , that 's what I 'll do . -LRB- Plus I 'll be back with a one-star review . -RRB-
 I purchased the product and and have repeatedly tried to contact the tech support line listed in the liturature by phone and e-mail with no response . I am very disapointed and the productr is unusable . What a ripoff .
 I am amazed that this product is still being sold . Vivonic went out of business years ago , so there is absolutely no support for this product or the software .
 Incorrect description of item . This is not the main phone . It is a secondary phone to the main unit .
 This tape dispenser worked as described , but it needs a few design improvements . The dispenser came with a roll of tape and worked well , but when I tryed to use different varieties of clear tape , they did not work . The dispenser was too small to take a brand new roll of either 3M brand or Duct brand clear tapes . If I wanted to use the dispenser with these two varieties I had to peel of about 30 yards of tape until the roll was one-fourth used before they would fit into the dispenser . The center post on the dispenser is slightly too small to work well with Duct brand , causing the tape to slide off of the post when tilted . This design flaws could have easily been fixed by `` tapering '' the center hole post . The wire that heats up and `` cuts '' the tape is attached by a small spring which became disconnected after approximately 100 cuts . This made the cutting wire loose and made the dispenser totally useless . I was able to re-attach the spring but after a few uses it would fall off again . These design flaws and lack of product testing make a great product totally useless .
 I got a Royal Vista for Xmas , returned it the next day . The unit shipped with four dead batteries . With fresh new batteries , the display was still dim even on the highest contrast setting , except when the serial port was plugged in and Vista Sync was running on my PC -- then it was OK or maybe needed the contrast turned down a bit . I could not get the unit to transfer data to or from either of my PC 's . Both the unit and the PC said the data transferred successfully , but in fact , nothing transferred . In addition , the PIM that comes with it -LRB- `` Royal Link '' -RRB- did not match the Vista 's features very well -- field lengths were different , etc. . The inability to successfully transfer data to/from my PC was the thing that convinced me to return the unit . I tried -- I did everything the help files on the CDROM and their web site said ; then I called their long distance support number and waited an hour without speaking to a human before I gave up .
 This is advertised as a very compact organizer and seems like a great value at first ... then you realize that without the `` convenient '' keyboard , there is no way to enter data at all . I figured you 'd at least be able to enter numbers by hitting the up and down arrows , but no such luck . That means you do n't only have to carry around the compact unit , but also the not-so-compact plug in keyboard . I 'm going to try and return this . I hope they take it back -LRB- can not be repackaged due to annoying plastic package that you have to cut with scissors to open -RRB- .
 Stay away from this item . I bought one , and could n't get it to work . Whenever I tried to input data from the keyboard , the screen began to flicker and then would freeze . The only way I could shut it off was by holding down a key on the keyboard and hitting the on/off button on the organizer . I exchanged this for another one , and lo and behold , I had the same problem . Trying to get through to customer service is impossible . Forget about it !
 I bought this and returned it the next day . It is difficult to use , and it refused to power up 3 times in the single day I owned it ! I had to reset it in order to get it to power up . The keyboard is cumbersome , and disconnects too easily . I returned it , and purchased a Casio PV400-Plus instead , and I have been very pleased .
 Do not fall for this organizer 's value , you are getting nothing out of it . I have had numerous problems with it , not caused by me or my computer , but the way it was programmed to run . Whenever you are typing a message , you can only put 100 characters ! The screen flickers and flashes whenever you type , and it is a disaster for all the fast typers of the world , YOU HAVE TO PUNCH THE KEYS JUST TO GET IT TO WORK ! The next time someone talks to ROYAL , ask one of them if they ever heard of a backspace button . The simplist task of just deleting a letter requires you to press the < button and then hit delete or overwrite it . Do n't be fooled , this is not a good PDA .
 The compact size was a real selling point for me , but it 's a huge drain on batteries . I 'd put in new batteries and immediately the `` low battery '' indicator would come up . It does n't do a complete synch transfer to my PC , which is also irritating . To top it off , if your keyboard cord wiggles slightly out of the slot , you 're screwed because it never works right again . Hopefully I 'll have better luck with my next PDA .
 I got one for Xmas and it broke 3 months later . the screen cracked , keyboard stopped fuctioning . I opened it up and found it was poor ; y assembled . the screen was not reenforced . The biggest piece of junk ever !
 Works fine as long as you NEVER put anything odd in it - no dollars , half dollars or foreign coins . It has to be dissassembled to clear the jam and will not operate with the top off . Very awkward . Also will not work with flat coin tubes .
 I purchased my FS-4DA from Sam 's Club for the features of auto-advancing the coin tubes.My frustration came from occasional jamming , difficulty clearing the jams , and case plastic so cheap that the front panel hinges broke within days of first use.I gave this one to my son who likes to tear apart electronics to see how they work , but I 've opted to upgrade to one in the $ 200 - $ 250 range for my business use .
 I purchased this machine from a catalog -LRB- hammacher schammler -RRB- at higer cost than amazon because of a gift certificate I was trying to use up . I recieved the unit in good working order and it malfunctioned after about one week . I counted about $ 1000 worth of coins saved over the years . I recieved a new one in about two days and this one did n't work right from the start . I think it is pure junk !!! Naturally its made in China . I would definitely NOT recommend buying it . It 's more cost effective to use a coinstar machine despite the 9 % fee .
 The phone itself is n't bad , but I rated it a 1 star for the poor quality of voice/sound on the answering machine . I tried several digital answering machines and finally ended up with the Panasonic kx-tg2247s phone/answering machine . It works great and has good sound quality .
 I can honestly say I regret buying this phone . With all the technology out there , I do n't know how I ever found myself buying a 900 mhz ANALOG phone . To make a long story short , the reception is full of static and prone to be heard by neighbors . A neighbor picked up on my conversation -LRB- I know it was him because I heard his pets in the background -RRB- . Also , the caller ID takes several rings to register the number . Spend a little more and go with a stronger transmission -LRB- 2.4 mhz and digital as opposed to analog -RRB- .
 We were disappointed with the sound quality of the recorded messages -LRB- both incoming and outgoing -RRB- . The phone itself was OK , but we returned it for the lack of recording quality -LRB- our old Casio had much better sound quality , unfortunately it died and Casio seems to be out of the phone/answerer business these days -RRB- .
 In this day and age you should not need to worry about crossing lines or signels with your neighbors ... But on this phone we get background noise about 20 % of the time . We use it for the answering machine now ...
 I bought one one month ago . Now I 'm suffering discontinous voice and interrupted calls . I do n't know if this is a common problem or not . When I call uniden , they just let me to contact repair department .
 This phone runs out of battery life after 30 minutes of talk time and then starts chirping incessantly while you are still talking , as if you do n't already realize from the first few chimes that it 's about to die . So in the midst of suddenly trying to explain to your caller that you must end the conversation , this stupid beeping keeps interrupting you.The receiver does n't rest in the cradle correctly for some reason , and so it does not always charge . Even when I have been careful to look and see the little light go on to indicate it is indeed charging , I still seem to have bad luck with talk time running out too quickly.The battery comes unplugged -LRB- from within the receiver -RRB- very easily , so sometimes when I go to press `` talk '' in order to dial , nothing happens . It took me a while to realize that the battery inside had become disengaged every so slightly , so for a while , it just seemed like the thing had totally died.Also , the answering machine does n't allow enough time for callers to leave a message , and I 've had messages cut off.Wish I had realized all this before my 30 days were up to return this piece of garbage . Just breathing on it wrong makes it malfunction . I hate this phone . It should be shot .
 This phone just works OK for me . The price is good , but the quality is limited . I can hear my neighbors when I am using this phone 50 % time . I have though it was because I was living in a dorm and I was so close to other students . But , unfortunately , it seems like a common problem for this phone .
 I never write these reviews but felt compelled after buying this piece of garbage . It worked ok for the first few months but then I gradually started hearing more and more crackling and interference . The straw that broke the camel 's back was when my fiancee called and I could n't hear her . When I tried to change the channel it bascially just died . I promptly spiked the phone on the floor into a million pieces . The battery never seemed to really hook up right to the unit , the caller ID came up when it wanted to , and the reception was uneven.Save your money !!! Buy something else .
 I purchased a new Uniden EXAI-378 . While it 's really bad product . Before I use it , I read the manual carefully and want to use the all of functions built in this phone . Firstly , the voice quality of incoming and outgoing recorded message is really bad . Secondly , I think my calling can be heard by neighbors bacause I can hear the ringing of other cordless phone while I am calling . Thirdly , I found one of function can not be used , which is Memory Number Dialing From Talking Mode . I called customer service and got some instructions to try to fix it . Unfortunately , the instruction did n't work . I believe this is a defective product . So I called them again . Then I had very unhappy and terrible experience with a bad manner lady . She even hung up before we really finished the talking . She know nothing about the produt . What a bad customer service ! I will never ever purchase any Uniden product !!
 We replaced our previous Uniden phone with this one and it is terrible . The sound cuts in and out and when it goes out , you ca n't even hear the other person , or your own feedback in the earpiece . The reception is terrible , I ca n't even get a clear sound in my bedroom , 25 feet from the base . We replaced a 900MHZ that was much better than this phone . I called Uniden , and was told it was n't their problem , but I can send it in for repair if I 'd like . The phone was terrible from the day I bought it . We are now shopping for a replacement .
 Good features , good price , terrible reception . Static interference from the room adjacent to where I kept the phone . If you do n't plan on leaving the room where the base unit is -LRB- or maybe if you live somewhere with minimal interference -RRB- you can get by with it .
 I 'm sure this could actually be a great phone if you are not living in an area with a concentration electronics and wireless devices.The features were wonderful , and I was immensely pleased with everything except the reception which was poor at any distance greater than 1 foot . While it is fair to expect some interference from wireless LANs -LRB- mine , like most runs at 2.4 GHz -RRB- this was completely unworkable.If you have a lot of electronics around or live in appartment , then get the 900MHz version -LRB- EXAI-398 -RRB- . It works perfectly and has the same features .
 I bought this product because I was pretty happy with my previous Uniden phone , except for the short battery time . But this one is always on the fritz ! Constant buzzing , the caller ID doesnt always work . I do n't know what is wrong with this thing !
 I got 1 of these phones a few months ago & have n't been happy with the clarity or the range . My old 900mhz digital uniden works better than this one does . The handset has to be within 6 inches of the base to have a clear signal without static or interfereance . I will be returning this phone & getting one that has the digital spread spectrum technology . -LRB- Thank You to Target for the 90 day return policy . -RRB- This phone has a digital answering machine which is not the same thing as a digital phone signal between the handset & base . If you want a 2.4 ghz phone I would recomend that you spend the extra money for a better phone than this one .
 Phone has tons of good features , but the reception is sub-par . Sounds like you 're talking inside a box . I would not recommend this phone to anyone , especially for the price .
 Reseption is just terrible . I ca n't use it . Also it is very inconvenient to use . I am thinking to buy Panasonic .
 This phone sounds fine when you are talking to someone . However , it has two big flaws that give it the 2 star rating . The first problem is that when you hang it up to recharge it does n't easily start charging . You need to mess with the recever to get it in there just right . The other problem is with the answering machine . You can hear incoming messages just fine , but the `` please leave a message '' callers hear is very fuzzy and I ca n't make it any clearer .
 Save yourself from disappointment ... this desk does n't ship well . When I got mine the front corners of the desktop were totally smashed . Shipping it back is a hassle because it 's such a huge package , and you ca n't return it to Target retail stores . Basically , this is just a waste of time and shipping cost .
 The item is not packed well for shipping . The drawer and top were cracked . When I called the number on the replacement part , I was told did not have the replacement . They gave me a number to call for Target , THEY in turn told me they could n't send it and told me to call the number I had just called.UNREAL trying to get this fixed . I am going to have to pack the WHOLE thing up and return myself . NO HELP IN GETTING THIS TAKEN CARE OF .
 While very attractive this desk suffers from what so many inexpensive computer desks do an inadequately sized keyboard drawer . There is enough room for the keyboard but not enough for a mouse . This results in forcing you to have to reach forward to use the mouse on the top of the desk . I ultimately decided just put he keyboard on top the desk and raise up my chair . The manufacturer should consider eliminating one of the drawers and extending the keyboard shelf .
 Very hard to put together , drawers came broken both times - cute though - not at all sturdy
 This desk is n't adequately packaged for shipping . Just a few pieces of brown paper and styrophome corners with the desk pieces inside the box . The first time the desk was shipped to me , both of the legs were broken and the top had a corner smashed and a gouge in the center . When Target sent me a replacement desk , that one had broken legs also . A desk with no legs is worthless .
 I bought this product used . It may have been good in it day but I was unable to get it to work properly . It was not modern and did not serve the purpose that I bought it for .
 First off , this product is not 23 `` W x 16 `` D , it is closer to 22 `` W x 14 `` D. Does not leave enough room with a 15 '' laptop to use a mouse , or it my case even hold my checkbook while I would work on bills -LRB- which is why I wanted it -RRB- . Secondly , with the laptop on it , the laptop gets very hot and the laptop fans spin constantly . Not good . This would be good for eating , doing craft work or the such , but it is not good for a computer . I will be returning this and looking for something else .
 The picture on the order page shows a 5 button number lock . Pretty neat . The description also states
 They advertise with the picture and Technical Details that it has Number key pad push button entry , and Spring loaded door . It does not have either and it 's very hard to open the door . This will be going back ! It was false advertising . I could probaby buy it in a local store for $ 10.00 the way this was made .
 I was initially happy when I started using this mouse pad because it 's paper thin and totally smooth . I thought I was going to love it . However I soon discovered that it does not work with the Apple mighty mouse . Something about the surface of the mouse pad caused the mighty mouse laser to randomly shoot my cursor to the corners of my screen . If you 're like me and like to use hot corners , this quickly becomes a nuisance . At times it was n't frequent but at its worst it was probably happening several times an hour . I soon gave up on the mouse pad and went back to just using the surface of my desk .
 Thin , plastic , small . Not what I expected . Better off using your desk unless your a Van Gogh fan .
 The mouse pad was thin , like paper thin and even though was advertised as non - skid , slid all over my desk . Also made an audible noise whenever I moved the mouse . Not worth the money .
 The absolute worst product I have ever purchased!How can you call this a mouse pad ! It feels like constructionPaper with a picture on it ! How can you sellThis as a mouse pad , it is not !!!!!!!!
 Unlike a typical mouse pad , this has no padding to it at all . It 's just a thin plastic sheet ; it 's almost as if there were no mouse pad at all , but it 's thick enough that it still catches the mouse if I go over the edge.It also ABSOLUTELY WILL NOT STAY PUT . It slid all over the desk and I was constantly having to reposition it . I finally covered the back with double-sided tape and it has n't moved since .
 I have to say I was not happy with this purchase . The mouse pad is paper thin & the mouse keeps getting stuck on the edges . The picture is beautiful but it 's not your normal mouse pad .
 This pad did n't stay in one place on my desk surface , it slid around . I had to keep repositioning it next to my keyboard . I ended up using it with my old computer where it is held in place by the edge of the counter . It is pretty , though .
 I was a little disappointed with the mouse pad because it is plastic but it has a great picture on it . If you are buying it for looks get it but for use you will be disappointed .
 Wish it was thicker , it is plastic and paper thin . Wireless mouse does not work well at all . Was disappointed
 Love the pattern , but the mouse pad does n't stay put.It is thin and not cushiony . I do n't love it .
 I thought this was a regular mousepad , but it is just a cheap piece of cardboard . I know why it is a &#34; wow &#34; pad now . Because when you open the box you say &#34; WOW , did I get ripped off &#34; .
 I 've been using my laptop on the Lapp Topper daily since Feb 2006 . It 's now May and the foam beads are bunched up in one area of the lap desk and will not distribute evenly for a comfy fit . The board itself is no longer sturdy and bends in the middle . This product does not stand up to daily use .
 This phone functions fine , but does n't handle much use . One of the three phones were used the most in my house . Within 2 months the keypad was wearing out . When you push the buttons at normal dialing force , nothing happens . You have to push them extremely hard -LRB- ie with pen or finger nail -RRB- for them to register the number . I have rotated through all 3 handsets over the last 9 months & am now forced to buy a new system . I wo n't be buying another AT&T .
 At first it seemed great , everything worked , but soon the most used phone 's buttons failed . We have since switched all the phones through - down to the last working one . Up until now I have always had great service and long use from AT&T phones . This is the last time I 'll purchase one , especially seeing that others have had the same experience and ours was not an isolated incidence .
 if you 're thinking of buying this because of the high ratings , check all the 1-star reviews first and see how many people -LRB- like us -RRB- had defective firmware . after less than a week of use , it got stuck in a ` starting up ' mode . after researching online , there is no way for an end-user to fix it .
 Phone did n't work at all . I spoke with 4 different individuals at Linksys , not a single one of them had ever seen this telephone or knew how it operated including the `` specialist from VOIP '' . Each person asked me to unplug the unit from my USB port , thus indicting that they had no idea what the product is -LRB- there is no USB connection , it plugs straight into the ethernet and the telephone line -- that 's the whole point of this product !!!!! -RRB- . They also asked me whether or not I had Skype installed on my computer and told me I should reboot the computer.That it does n't plug into the computer is something that Linksys ' tech support just could n't understand about their own product -LRB- which they knew so little about that they actually asked me to describe it and to explain how it works -RRB- . What a joke !!!! I wasted about 3-4 hours on this ...
 UPDATE 3/27/2011
 I use Skype as my only long-distance service , and wanted to be able to use it without being tethered to my computer by a headset , or if the computer is off . I also use a land line for local calls , and as a backup when my internet connection goes down . Since the CIT400 can handle both skype and a land line , and I do n't want two phones on my desk , it seemed like an ideal solution . As Borat would say ... NOT . Why ? While the sound quality is fine , the phone is extremely inconvenient to use . Some examples of why :1 . Skype allows you to sort your contacts into groups , but the phone does n't support this . This means a lot of scrolling to get to the name you want if you have a lot of contacts .2 . Scrolling -- The above problem would n't be so bad if you could quickly scroll down through your list of contacts . But you ca n't -- you have to press the navigation button each time you want it to advance ; it wo n't keep scrolling if you hold it down . Thus if you want to get to the 50th name on your list , you have to click the button 50 times ! I 've never seen any recent phone work like this , so I called Linksys support to determine if the phone was defective . They seemed to know almost nothing about the CIT400 , and after going through the usual manual and then have me hold repeatedly over 20 minutes , they finally confirmed that this is the way the phone was designed , and it is therefore working properly . They then suggested that if I do n't like this feature I return the phone and buy a different model , so it looks unlikely that Linksys is planning to correct the problem with a software upgrade .3 . Voicemail
 Have had this phone for several weeks now . I also use a quality of service packhet conditioner on the line to ensure voip calls get priority.When it works the phone is fine . Howeverevery 2 or 3 days it decides to reset itself to default values . That means it looses the area code entered , preference , everything back to standard factory settings . There is no warning that this has happened , no rhyme or reason to it . -LRB- the phone is used about 1 to 3 feet from the base station -RRB- Some times it will not connect at all , or makes a phone call rings once or twice then hangs up . I try to delete certain messages , but a day or so later they pop-up again . The only real way to delete them is via skype on computer . Several times when i will not connect , i then enables skype on my computer and theeverything is perfect.BOttom line is that the skype implementation on this phone is poorley implented and buggy . -LRB- all other parts of the network are linksys as well -RRB- . I am a software developer and know buggy software when i see it.Perhaps a firware upgrade would fix some of these proplems , when it becomes available .
 I am still waiting on a replacement phone . It has been over a month now and I have not received any notice .
 I bought two of them , but I changed both of them under one month because they did not work at all . I am not sure when the new one will die .
 This unit looks great and got overall outstanding reviews . And the price was more than enticing . I was very excited to test it out using skype . I currently live in the UK but spend much time in the US . The description of the Linksys CIT400 is misleading in that it mentions that the cordless phone is compatible with European and South American channels . I thought no problem to use it in England . I brought it over , unpacked it and found that the two Power adaptors -LRB- base station and phone charger -RRB- are set at 120V input . Much of the world , and the UK , is at a 220 to 240 standard . I was sure these power adaptors would be multi-voltage , like many electronics these days , but they are not . I was very disappointed and had to return the phone . I put the one star to attract attention . Ca n't really comment on its functioning
 I dont recommend this product . It is having static while calling . And also no volume control and very low volume .
 I bought this phone after reviewing all my options , but it is a huge disappointment . It worked great 2-3 months and then suddenly went dead . Battery would not charge . I tried to buy new set of rechargable batteries and they also would not work . I bought single use batteries and it would work but after 2 days of standby and talking for 2 hours they would discharge cmpoletely . I talked to customer support . A young girl was trying to give me advice probably scripted from the book not understanding the problem at all . Finally I got them exchange it . I had to pay for mailng my unit to them they would send me replacement for free . Unit came refurbished , not looking good . It worked for 2 weeks and then it went dead again , it looks like it is battery again . I am furious , becouse I spent already 3-4 hours total with customer service before and taking pains of mailing it and paying for that . I vote against this product and against terrible customer service that Cisco has in place . I am not going to buy anything from Cisco anytime again . I decided that I am not going even waist my time trying to exchange this phone again , instead I bought similar product from Phillips . What Cisco is trying to sell is probably poor beta version which is tested for customer 's money .
 I took out the phone , plugged in the cable , signed in with my skype account , it worked great for few days , after which it started giving me problems : a -RRB- Suddenly the phone screen started showing status `` Unavailable '' , checked everything , everything was in order . Had to reset the device by plugging out the power , internet cable and then it started working fine.b -RRB- After some usage you ca n't seem to hear other person 's voice . Had to reset the device again and it again works fine.Contacted Linksys support , at first they were asking me strange questions about downloading skype software etc , after the third call I got through a sensible person who suggested a firmware upgrade but did n't acknowledge this being a known issue , though there are forums which are littered with user experiencing this issue.Overall , I think the phone works great when it works and would suggest others to upgrade their firmware for uninterrupted service .
 The item arrived with a faulty installation CD . The CD id not actually contain the instalation software . It also can not be downloaded from the Linksys website . I returned the item and my money was pomptly refunded .
 Having read several positive reviews , I was very excited about this phone . Unfortunately , the CD that came in the box was defective and did not have the installation software . This could be easily fixed by allowing customers to download the software from the company 's website , but this is not possible for this model . -LRB- According to tech support , it 's available for the earlier CIT200 model , but for some reason not this model . -RRB- I suppose that I 'll return the product for a new one and keep my fingers crossed that it will work , but now I 've lost time , will have to wait again , and am not too encouraged . I hope others have more luck than I did .
 I 'm sure this device worked for some , but after hours of trying to get it to simply connect , I finally had to send it back . It comes with a small manual , and even smaller troubleshooting guide , and the 24-hour tech support is only equipped to deal with linksys routers . Even then they just give a default answer
 This is my 3rt CIT400 ... when we have storm phone break ... don t buy this phone !
 SHORT VERSION
 This is my second phone , and it is doing the same thing my first one did . It works fine for a week , then all i get is `` system is starting up '' and stays that way . If i push any button , I get `` unavailable '' . If I disconnect it from the computer for a day , it works for two days , then repeats . I ca n't rely on this phone , calls to linkskys are not productive . When it works it 's great , but mostly when I reach for it I know it will be two days before i can use it again .
 Got mine 2 years ago ... Quick and easy set up - no brainer , whatsoever ! And that thing just died for no particular reason !!! Do n't buy it !!!
 I bought this POS and for most purposes it works justLinksys CIT400 Dual-Mode Internet Telephony Kit with Integrated Skypeokay -LRB- about a 6 on a scale of 1 to 10 when compared to most landline cordless phones -RRB- . Some of this I could blame on skype but we use an iPhone -LRB- apple -RRB- for skype too and it works great . The main beef I had was that touch tone does not work once you make a call , so if you reach the hall of messages requesting you enter a tone , you are helpless and must either wait for a voice prompt or hang up . What a drag right ? And then you go to the cisco linksys site and it is 5 shades of useless . Finally found there is a firmware file to download . Then what are you supposed to do with it ? I have a mac sorry to say and there is NO information on how to upgrade the firmware using a bin file . I am clueless and I know a couple of things about computers . The chat support on the cisco site does not support this product . Anyway , perhaps if you feel like tinkering for a couple of centuries this would be an okay product . But the sound quality and responsiveness are vastly inferior to your run of the mill cel phone . I make my skype calls with headphones talking into my macbooks mic and it works way better . Sorry I bought it .
 It worked for a few months , then started to say system unavalibe all the time , if you reset the system it works for about a day before saying this again , freezes up when checking voice mail or trying to call people randomly , no more updates on firmware so please do not buy this as a warning ; THEY HAVE DROPED SUPPORT FOR THIS PRODUCT . I have an IT degree and have messed with this item for a while beliving that tweeking it would help , but sometimes things just do not work . Skype is a good service , dont screw it up buy purchasing this phone .
 I got a defective phone . The phone would not connect to the base and would not even power off ... Spent one hour with Linksys tech support . Their first response was that the product would not work on a mac . After explaining to them that their own product does not need to be plugged into a computer they told me about 10 times to plug and unplug the power cord on the base ... which did nothing . Stay away from this product until Rev B.
 If you are interested in a multi-handset setup . Do n't be fooled by the product description or the user manual which states several times that multiple handsets are supported.They might be supported , but you wo n't be able to purchase any additional handsets .
 Great look and feel . Very easy to setup and was up and working in 5 minutes . The handset is very nice . However , periodically the unit will get stuck in startup mode and one gets the message `` System is starting up '' on the handset . On previous occasions a simple power-off/on cycle fixed the problem . However , my unit never got out of the start-up phase within 20 days of the product . The technical support folks at Linksys were very helpful , but could not get the problem fixed and asked me to return the unit . That is what I ended up doing
 I have this phone for almost a year now and it is a great disappointment ! The phone looks good and is great when it works.For the first couple of months , it worked without any problems . Then it started disconnecting from the base.then it got worse . For the past 6 months , every time I tried to dial out , it gives out an error message `` unavailable '' . I have to turn the base off and on again to reset it . That happens to every outgoing call !! Calling customer service is a waste of time and can not find any solutions from the discussion forum . Stay away from this phone if you do n't want to waste your money .
 Update
 There is a known bug in the firmware which makes the phone hang -LRB- see the linksys community forums - search for ` system is starting up ' . This has been known about since january -LRB- now july -RRB- and Linksys is doing nothing to fix it . When it works , its great . If you encounter this bug , you have a very expensive paper weight . Linksys tech support is u/s . If I knew this before I bought it , I would wait for the next release .
 I was too early as an adopter . This was junk . I think I made 3 calls with it in total .
 Very dissapointed with the Linksys CIT400 's landline capabilties . I bought one for use in India . The skype works fine , but for the landline it never rang properly for incoming calls -LRB- made a few sad bleating sounds - I tried changing the ring tone no use -RRB- . Off late it has started ringing at odd times of its own accord but no rings for incoming calls ! After every call it goes mad and I have to answer and disconnect at least 3-4 times before it settles down . :--LRB- i 've disconnected the landline now ...
 I bought two phones , one of them drops connection to the base every few seconds , then says `` system is starting up '' . Searched on the internet , turns out A LOT of people have this problem . Called Linksys support , they started assuring me it 's my router / internet provider settings , etc. , until I insisted that one of the phones is defective -LRB- the other works fine with the same precise set-up -RRB- . Waiting for a replacement now but I 'm kind of sorry I bought into this whole thing ; I wasted way too much time on this . It is also kind of puzzling Linsys does not perform proper quality control on their phones -LRB- apparently this problem has been around for at least a year -RRB- , and ships defective hardware . I will take notice of that for my future shopping ...
 Dispite having a confirmed that I have working Skype account -LRB- tested via a computer and USB phone -RRB- ... the CIT400 -LRB- which has been correctly set up as per all included instructions -RRB- , keeps returning an `` incorect password '' message every time I try to log into Skype with it . . -LRB- no , I am not trying to log in when my PC is logged into Skype and yes I am sure that I 've keyed in the correct Skype name and password into the phone -RRB- . Linksys outsourced tech support is USELESS ... They can do no more then rundown the same checklist that you can find yourself ... it all comes down to reset the phone , reset the base station ... and it DOES NOT WORK.I 'm sure that there has to be an identifiable reason for this to be happening but I 'll be returning the phone if Skype tech support -LRB- who I hope just might have a clue -RRB- can offer no suggestions .
 I preordered this phone . Very `` plasticky '' cheap feel to it . Although sound is OK , I find it has more functional problems . It has backlight for numbers but they forgot to make the numbers in the keys transparent so you can see there is light BEHIND the keys but it does not come through them so you ca n't see them in the dark . If you want to skypeout and dial +1 and the number but make a mistake and press the green phone key you are dialing through your land line . Ok , so you bring up the call list and then press the Options key to dial via skypeout and you ca n't . You have to input the whole number again and press Option and then select SkypeOut . The call list only works well for landline calls . The phone does not `` remember '' if the call was through skypeout and allow you to repeat it later ; it will dial it via the landline . Also , tones will not work with some PBXs with skypeout . Putting a call on wait and taking another incomming call does n't work very well . This is a pretty expensive phone to have all these problems . I am sorry I bought it .
 I purchased this item 0n the 30th of July . I tried to play with it . Some problems ocurred . I tried to dial an extension number or access to my landline answer machine . The key pad did little work . Last week , I tried to make a call . The phone went through but I could n't hear the ringtone and the person voice , so did the person.I had to reset the handset and it worked for a while and died again . I went to CIT 400 forum section in Linksys website and found the way to solve this problem which some owners has encountered was to update its firmware through the base station . I called Linksys tech support and stated I only needed the default usename and password in order to login to the base station and upgrade the firmware . She stongly recommand me not to update the new vision of the firmware unless she could n't help me to solve the problem . It took me at lease 40 minutes to listen to her with no outcome . Finally , she gave up and gave me the default usename and passcode . The tech seemed not know the product as well as most its consumers . During the 40 minutes , she asked me to look for Linksys Cit 400 Icon in my desktop . I had to explain to her that this product does n't requir any sofeware installation in a computer . She also asked me to change my skype setting in my computer which I could n't understand the relationship between a computer base skype and Cit400 which does n't requir a computer operation and is preinstalled skype in its system . After I upgrade the new version firmware , the keypad problem is solved and no dialing sound and could n't hear voice was solved so far . I am not sure if the no dialing sound and could n't hear voice is really solve . Now I only hope the phone will work good and I do n't have to deal with its tech support . Do I recommand you to buy this product ? I am not sure so far . It almost became an expansive garbage . 2 Stars because of it performs good now .
 Too hard for these guys ! This is a piece of cheap plastic with a dark picture on it .
 I bought this to use at work , , I use a standard rolling ball mouse there . This mouse pad does not work with a standard mouse . Many times as I move the mouse , the curser DOES NOT move . I have moved the mouse accross entire the mouse pad while the curser stays put !!! Very frustrating . While the pad is very attractive , it is worthless to me . OH , , and shipping was excessive . An evelope would have done the job , , instead it came in a box , with air bags , and cost close to 6 dollars .
 Sadly , this mousepad moves around beneath my mouse/hand too much . I ca n't recommend it.Typical mouse pads are a few milimeters thick foam , and the weight and texture of the foam keeps it stationary . This mouse pad is a thin sheet of hard plastic . It 's about as thick as a few sheets of paper . The backing does have a ` tacky ' surface that 's supposed to keep it in one spot . Sadly , it does n't work too well for me on a flat wood desk . Perhaps it would work better on something ultra-smooth like glass . Perhaps not . I prefer regular foamy mouse pads , even if they have one of these hard-pastic top layers .
 I should know better than to buy a mousepad without seeing it . the pad may have worked very well if I had a roller-ball mouse . But with the infra-red mice this thing is useless . The surface does n't allow the mouse movement to be tracked properly . I bought 2 -LRB- one for my office and one for home -RRB- and it was very foolish .
 I was looking for a new mouse pad that does n't slip and slide . This one was advertised as having an , and I am not making this up , `` Exclusive Non-Slip Backing . '' What a joke . This thing slips and slides all over the place . I have a basic wood desktop , so I do n't think it was unreasonable to expect it to perform as advertised . Do not buy this . It may look good on line , but the functionality is pathetic .
 I bought this because I liked the picture . However , after a very short time of usage -LRB- maybe one or two months of , albeit , heavy usage -RRB- the pad tore from wear . The thing is flimsy as heck . I 've already replaced it with something a tad more sturdy .
 I have an optical mouse and it did ` nt work well with this pad.Moderatly fast movement would cause the curser to move erradicatly.My mouse works fine with my old Fellows pad .
 The picture s beautiful , but the product itself is cheaply made and feels scratchy . Had to purchase another that was softer .
 While the mouse pad is quite pretty , it also slides on the table , and has to be tacked down . The surface of the mousepad is slick , and the mouse does n't work well on it .
 This item , though ordered , failed to turn up with the other 2 items.There was no explanation as to why this was missing .
 This mouse pad looks pretty , but it is paper thin -LRB- feels very cheap -RRB- and contrary to the description , the backing is not very effective at keeping the mouse pad in place . The company should have invested a little more in at least applying a thin pad/backing .
 The pad is pretty but will not stay still on the desk . It claims to a no-skid coating on the back but it is ineffective .
 A polka dot mouse pad arrived . Where is my Picasso ? This is one of those items that I 'll take the time to write about here but it 's not worth it to me to pack up , send back and go though all that non-sense .
 Surely there must be some mistake . Granted it was difficult to find much of a description for ANY of the refills for the EnerGel pens , but since the refill here is priced more than what the original pen sells for at local office stores - and given my consistence experience that Amazon gives great deals - I decided I 'd order one -LRB- no shipping charge with Amazon Prime anyway -RRB- . Well , I was * not * pleased to discover a tiny little barely-padded envelope with exactly 1 -LRB- one -RRB- refill.What a joke.Hopefully this note will let you know to shop locally for refills - or just throw away the entire pen and buy a new one for less than refill price . -LSB- fyi
 Hi , I do n't need this tape to withstand car washes or any sort of abuse . Nor do I need it on harsh surfaces . I just needed it to stay on surfaces on which regular tape should not have had any problem staying , namely the length of a smooth plastic cylinder without peeling off by itself . Not Brother tape thought . Brother is a company that makes mediocre , yet expensive products . They also have an inexplicable lack of variety in their tape products . They make a very limited number of colors and have a large number of other limitations such as
 I ordered this as a gag gift but the joke was on me ... they sent me the wrong product and it was some artsy mouse pad that appeared to be very phallic ... so DO NOT buy unless you want a random product
 This mouse pad is utterly worthless . It is paper thin , very cheaply made , and does n't have a non-stick backing . Every time you try to move the mouse , the entire mouse pad moves with it . I threw it away immediately rather than try to hassle with putting new backing on it .
 looking at the picture , i ordered not realizing they are a snap together / fold up flexible holder , similar to a clam shell packaging that potato salad comes in at the market . tippy but works
 I 've bought the `` valuemailers '' brand from two different sellers and have received three different products . Apparantly no one bothers to indicate the correct brand , and as you can see by other reviews people are obviously rating different products . So here 's my review based on who I bought them from . Remember , all of the following were listed as `` valuemailers '' brand ! -LRB- 1 -RRB- From Royal Mailers I got a brand called `` Tuff Shield ''
 No name brand . Not very good quality . Thin and rip easily . I can not recommend this product . Looking for a better product .
 Rec 'd the printer on time but product has defect . In order to get printer to work you have to slam lid very hard after loading paper . Otherwise `` error '' light will not go out and allow printer to work . I do n't expect the printer to work for long with this rough treatment . No way to contact company to complain . I am very dissatified and will not order from them again unless I am contacted and the product is made right .
 WHY STICK THE `` FIRST CLASS MAIL '' IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ENVELOPE ? SURELY , COLUMBIAN COULD HAVE PRINTED THAT ABOUT TWO INCHES HIGHER SO ONE WOULD HAVE ROOM TO USE ONE OF THEIR 3.375 INCH HIGH ADDRESS LABELS UNDER THAT PRINTING . ALSO , WHY NO `` FIRST CLASS MAIL '' ON THE BACK ? POORLY THOUGHT OUT !
 I have used the Olympus Pearlcorder T1000 for the past five years in my current position . It is easy to use with no problems or inconveniences -LRB- except perhaps the earpiece being uncomfortable and losing the little padded covers easily -RRB- . The very unfortunate and serious problem with this transcriber is that is simply does not last . I would estimate that I use it for approximately five hours per week , and yet I have already gone through two of them . I am now looking to replace this one again since the fastest speed is barely understandable because it is dragging so badly . I would not be able to recommend this machine , and am now trying to find reviews on other possible replacements .
 I used this item for less than a month and it broke . This is junk , do n't buy it .
 It is a shame that Amazon CHANGES item description WITHOUT a proper REVIEW . This item originally was listed as a SINGLE unit ! -- Now it is a case of 25 !
 This might be an excellent desk lamp for some needs . However , no where does the advertisement say that this is , for all intents and purposes , a fluorescent lamp . Same type of light I had in college 20 years ago , only a lot more expensive . Forgive my ignorance , but when I read ` replicates the wavelengths of natural daylight indoors ' I tend to think of the halogen lamps I have used lately . Not a overpowering , bright white fluorescent light , which , in my opinion , should be no where near a computer LCD or monitor . ...
 I got this because there was a rebate that made it end up costing -LRB- very little -RRB- . I already had the Brother PT-1750 but at less -LRB- money -RRB- I figured if nothing else I could give it to the kids . Anyway , the unit seems well built and solid but the tape it prints on is some two part stuff kind of like a stencil . Messy , fuzzy and it does n't look like it will wear well .
 Dymo 's LetraTag series is cheaper , smaller and has similar capabilities . But for the substantial rebate , this item would be grossly overpriced .
 The software is very , very unstable on this device . It will end up either crashing hard -- requiring you to remove the battery pack -- or it 'll act as if it 's working , but not actually take or make any phone calls . Besides , D-Link does not offer a cahrging cradle for this phone , nor a replacement battery pack , nor any way to carry this `` portable '' phone . Although this device demonstrates some promising ideas , any but the hardiest of early adopters would be well advised to wait for a more competent offering .
 We had to return ours . We could n't get this phone to link with our Apple wireless access , nor could we get it to call out , so we could n't use it as a VOIP phone .
 The DPH-540 works well enough at home if you have a wireless network . I am hoping it will work if I find a kind person during my travels who leaves their network open . However , it will never work at a wireless hotspot unlike it 's advertising on the D-Link website where it shows the Wi-Fi phone connecting to a hotspot . Reason ? It simple does not have a web browser or java script capable of logging in . According to tech support
 Unit does work with SwitchVox -LRB- Asterisk -RRB- and with that it will work across NATted remote firewalls but it often loses either its registration or its WiFi connection or both - often I find I can call from it thru the SwitchVox server but I can not call it without rebooting the phone first . Even loses connection when BEHIND the firewallIf you set up multiple WiFi profiles it WILL attempt to connect to one of them anytime it encounters it but will not autoconfigure so you either need to know the WiFi security settings or you need to have an unsecured WiFi AP . I tested this once at a restaurant that advertised Free WiFi and I did not have to first log in to a web page or anything but I 'll bet many free WiFi hotspots DO require you to connect via a browser first so this phone will probably not work there.When the phone ca n't register it says No Service . TYPICALLY this term means no NETWORK , or No WiFi , so when I saw it initially I spent extra time on a WiFi association that was already working . Should say something like `` No Registration '' or `` No VoIP '' or something.The `` earphone '' jack is just that . An EARphone , not a headset . You can listen -LRB- if you can find a stereo headset w / a 2.5 mm plug - most have 1/8 '' mini-phone plugs -RRB- but you can not use this jack to talk . WHAT WERE THEY THINKING ! It 's a freakin ' phone , not an MP3 player . A phone with no HEADSET capability . Sheesh . And the audio volume into the earphone is very low . The indentation around the EARphone jack is not wide enough for all the headsets I tried so some dont connect all the way . Not that anyone would WANT to use one anyway.Makes a stupid music ditty every time you close OR open the clamshell.The plastic cover for the miniUSB jack is very hard to open.No dock/charger . You just let it lay there and it charges from the power supply or via a USB connection.No speakerphone.I 'm going to see if a WIP330 is any better . It SAYS it has a HEADphone jack.Why not include SKYPE with it and make it totally universal ?
 The product is fine . It does most of what is promised . Unfortunately , the company that makes the device is an extremely pathetic bunch of people . First , they sent the device with a dysfunctional memory card . I called repeatedly , and no one answered , wrote several emails that no one responded to . Finally , I got through a person , who spoke very poor English -LRB- causing me a lot of concern given that the device is touted as one that helps improve your English -RRB- . In any case , after having to explain the problem to person after person , I was asked to mail back the device at my own expense - nevermind that it was their error , and that most other companies bear the cost of returns . There was no return label included in the package.I had to FEDEX the device back at my own cost , and then they mailed the correction to me . They have absolutely no customer-care inclinations in this company . It 's like they have no idea how things work in this country ! If their are other translators made by other companies , get those instead . Ectaco is an absolutely horrid company to deal with.Thanks .
 When the item was received , it was the wrong color . So I returned the wrong telephone and the Rose one is on back order and there is no ETA on it . So my account will be credited and I will try to see if it is available at another time . I must admit that I was disappointed because the phone is for my granddaughters bedrooom at my home . But I do understand.Sincerely , Anita S. Smith
 These are not the same white vinyl erasers that came in the original package with the Sakura electric eraser . The refill erasers are grayish , crumbly , stick to the paper , and mar the drawing . I actually had go out and buy a different brand of electric eraser because I could n't find refills for the Sakura . Great tool , garbage refills .
 I agree with JK316 ! I 've bought Sakura 's refill pack of 70 from Dick Blick and they are n't the gummy efficient ones that were prepackaged in the box with the electric eraser . These refill erasers are cheap , hard and they wear out super fast while creating a mess of eraser crumbs everywhere . I wish the company would hear this one out .
 The new erasers are not as efficient before . Why change such a great product and charge the same amount of money ? The new eraser is gummy and gray and leaves residue of the paper . Typically it is about 1/3 as efficient . I understand companies are trying to save money and cutting corners but this is just bad business . I work for Robert Longo and I 'm not sure if these can cut it anymore . Its very frustrating that consumers pay the same amount but the product changes for the worse .
 This was a horrible phone . Nothing but static on all chanels , plus it felt very cheap . There also were missing features I wanted such as having a back lit key pad . I have to give to credit amazon for the free return shipping and a very fast credit when I RMA 'd this item . I purchased a Panasonic KX-TG5432M 5.8 GHz Platinum Cordless Phone with Answering System -LRB- from amazon of course -RRB- and I give this new phone system 5 stars . It is so much better then this V-tech .
 My problem with this projector is how the arm folds for storage . On the previous Apollo model I had , the arm folded neatly without interfereing with storage . The are on the 3000 does not fold away well for storage .
 At the same time I purchased this item from Amazon , I also purchased a `` 5mw 532nm Astronomy Powerful Green Laser Pointer '' . That one projects a beam several times more powerful -LRB- brighter -RRB- than this one , and a slightly wider beam , so it is easy to see at a couple hundred yards . This one has such a weak beam it wo n't go past about 100 yards . This one was about $ 25 , the other about $ 8 shipped . Nough said .
 This laser pointer emits a RED beam , not blue as the title indicates . It is referring to the barrel color . The product description is non-specific about the beam color which is odd as well . I specifically was wanting to purchase a blue laser pointer and got a red one instead . Now I get to go thru the hassle of trying to return it and pay for shipping both ways or cut my losses and keep a purchase that I do not want .
 That is not I wanted ... I wanted a BLUE LIGHT laser pointer , not the blue body.So it means the product image and information of the product is misleading !
 I picked this because it says it was a green laser pointer . The laser is red . The rubber grip is green . FALSE ADVERTISING !
 I bought this pointer because of the price . I used it once and it worked well , the second time was a month later and the batteries inside it were dead , but it worked upon changing them . 3 months later I needed it again and it is not working , I tested the new batteries I put in , which are fine , and nothing . This was not a good purchase .
 I really loved this laser pointer when I first got it . I bought it to measure the height of trees in my yard using an inclinometer to measure the angle to the tops of the trees at night . The beam was easily visible on the tops of the branches of the 100 ' trees , so it worked really great . For a few weeks , that is . I put it back in the blister-pack container it came in for several weeks . Then , the next time I went to use it , it did n't work at all . I played around with wiggling the top and it did n't come on . Then I pushed the on button REALLY HARD , and it worked . But it was extremely difficult to hold the button down hard enough to make it stay on . -LRB- And I am not weak . -RRB- After a few more times using it , it stopped responding to any degree of button pushing , wiggling , etc. . Completely dead . I replaced the batteries with brand new Duracells . No difference . So ... while the technology for the light beam itself is really fantastic , this thing is not really built to last - at least mine was n't . -LRB- And I had it in the case in a desk drawer , it was not abused in any way . -RRB- By the way , for those who bought it thinking it shows a blue laser beam , I just have to laugh . The description says
 This laser does not work half of the time . Half of the time when I press the button the laser does not come on . Really a piece of junk .
 These are very hard to find . Can not find them in any office supply store . Most stores promote laser pointers.We coach students on computers and these are handy so that our coaches do not have to lean over students . They can use the pointers to point where a student is supposed to click . Great prince and sturdy .
 I used this pointer for about 2 hours . When I used it to point up to a powerpoint projection , and it made contact with the screen , the top two extensions broke off . This is ridiculous . I was using it normally , and it broke , and bent , totally unreliable . I recommend that you buy another , more sturdy pointer .
 The heat sensor next to the lamp appears to be set at the wrong temperature . The lamp turns off after only about 7 - 10 minutes of use , waits for three minutes , and then turns on again for another 7 minutes or so . This has happened on both the original model we ordered early in 2011 , and now it is happening with its replacement . We checked to make sure the air vents were uncovered and the lamp was properly seated .
 First time/10 minutes into a presentation , the projector 's lamp exploded , showering hot shards of broken glass in a wide area around the machine . Pieces dented the reflective Fresnel lens/stage below . Claims to have a safety thermal cut-off switch.Beware
 When I received the overhead projector it is a larger and older version of the overhead in the product description , also the glass has several deep gashes and blemishes from not being properly folded although the description stated &#34; like new &#34; . This product has had a long and uncaring life that clearly shows . Certainly not what was advertised in product description , I will not order from this person again .
 The Quartet cart , in and of itself , is decent . It is a little bit too tall for projection onto a screen that is n't elevated . Neither of our two different sound systems ' subwoofers fit on any shelf but the top shelf , further obstructing views . The slide-out shelf , on the other hand , is very nice , and overall , the cart is much better than what we have used in the past.I never would have purchased this item , however , had I known what a headache it would be to deal with the seller , Shoplet . I purchased the item over half a year ago and am still waiting on missing wheels and casters , despite several e-mails to the company . They e-mailed me in July to tell me that the missing items had been shipped . They had not . A follow-up e-mail I sent a couple months later yielded a shaking finger reply , telling me that since they had n't heard from me , they assumed the issue had been resolved . I 'm sorry , but there are shipping confirmation processes that can assure you that your customers receive their items , OR can inform you as to whether or not you even shipped them , which had n't happened.Now we are in 2012 , and I still do n't have my missing items , despite further promises to resolve the issue . I am getting very tired of having to haul a wheel-less cart throughout a three story building . I will not be purchasing anything further from Shoplet .
 This was a very disappointing product . I think it is a great idea - and bought 3 of them to give as Christmas presents . I 'm returning 2 because it is useless . The dictionary is way too limited . During my first day of use , I looked up seven words and three were not in the dictionary . All three are readily available in my regular dictionary . All of the resources spent on games , address book , etc. would have been better spent on improving the dictionary .
 I thought this was something I would use and enjoy . After just a few uses I ca n't be bothered with it . Most of the words I tried to looked up were not there . It may be of use to a gradeschooler , but anyone with a higher reading level would get nothing but a bookmark and I would rather use a paperclip .
 My daughter was super excited to have one of these but when we got it the battery was dead . We replaced the battery only to find when it finally came on that the screen was damaged somehow and was not legible . It almost appeared like we got someones throw back . I contacted the seller and they never responded back to me . I ended up ordering a different one which has been great .
 I did n't want a gameboy -- I wanted a dictionary . Where are the words ?? The ribbon keeps getting tangled and the thing keeps sliding out of my book . I am sorry I bought it .
 I have had issues gettign this pen to work correctly since I purchased it . I took it back to the store twice . It seems to start having issues when you use about a third of the ink.It is also an uncomfortable pen to use . when you twist it the nib moves down into the case . While writing that happens a little bit .
 What a piece of junk !!! Looks cool on my desk , but what the hell ? The speakerphone is worthless -LRB- ca n't hear my voice -RRB- , and you ca n't toggle between speakerphone and headset !!! For example , you pick up the headset to make a phone call , and you 're placed on hold . You 're placed on hold , so you 'd like to toggle to speakerphone . You ca n't do that !!! What a piece of junk !!! I replaced my Bang & Olufsen with this , after the B&O crapped out . I 'm sick and tired of these products that choose style over substance . I get more use out of my Panasonic cordless . Forget it . If you 're willing to compromise practicality and value , go ahead and buy it . I 've learned my lesson .
 This phone is really stylish and everyone comments on its looks . However , it is impossible to use . The controls are not obvious , the speakerphone is terrible and , after just a couple of years , mine has developed a high pitched noise that makes it impossible to use .
 My line of work requires lots thumb prints . I 've used other brands before and this one is the worst I 've encountered compared to the LEE ink pad and the 2 '' ink pads . Both the Lee ink pad and the 2 '' in pads are good . The problem with the Lee ink pad is the hard plastic that broke off easily and dries up . The 2 '' in pad that I purchased at the local stamp company and online worked wonder ! Baumgartens ink pads are no where near the quality of the 2 '' ink pads . So , I do ' t understand why it had such good reviews . Maybe , i have a defective one . But , this is not an electronic device , It 's just simply ink and the ink pad . How can anything possibly go wrong in the making of this product?Prints
 The prints I try to get using this are illegible . The ink is inconsistent and the pad is n't even secured in the casing . I ca n't use this to take any prints , and I 'm forced to throw it away .
 This did not produce legible prints at all , only black smudges with no discernable patterns and after trying several different methods , I eventually had to give up .
 This product will not fit in the Dymo 3500 Labelmaker , and it is nearly impossible to find that out from this or any description on Amazon or Dymo 's website .
 Just wanted to say that the ship time was great , condition was as stated ; however , I ordered a Franklin Covey day planner and I ended up receiving a Franklin Planner -LRB- not Franklin Covey as advertised -RRB- , made in China and it was filled with Office Depot refill pages.This was false advertising as Franklin Covey -LRB- R -RRB- was stated in the product claim . Disappointed !
 Net supports are great ; however , net was described as fitting pools up to 20 foot . My pool is only 18 foot wide and actual net covered 2/3 of pool width , with the balance of space just air between the ties .
 I bought this pad on Amazon by looking at its image but when it arrived it was :1 -RRB- the colors were not as bright as pictured , rather dull and dark2 -RRB- very thinI guess for this price I could get something a little more lasting .
 waste of money and SHIPPING COSTS!too bad not made even in america - maybe that 's why they do n't know what color our flag is .
 This is a good quality mouse pad , just that the colors are n't anything near the photo on amazon . Almost black and white , or sepia . Quite disappointed .
 this item arrived broken . very flimsy . I called the company , and they agreed to send a new one , but that has not happened.would not order from this company again . The product was of poor quality , and I am not surprised that it was brokenwhen it arrived .
 They really need to make out of a thicker material for support while single hand writing.If on a counter/support they are fine .
 I purchased this organizer a while ago . Although it seems to have many options and uses , it was not compatable to my Windows 7 computer . I was never able to use it . Very disappointed .
 This unit will not work with Windows 7 64 bit . Difficult to input data and the manual is poorly written .
 It may be a good product for someone , but not for me . Will not work with Windows 7 , so down loads not possible . I was not been able to set it up . For this old man , it was a wrong buy , that ended up in the trash .
 Not user friendly if you have fat fingers . Buttons are very close together & very small . The symbles function does not work .
 Very poorley written user manual . Does not work with Vista operating system and Royal support was very poor . Also the USB driver for the sync cable is not verified and causes trouble with printers . Requires you to unplug your USB printer when using the sync cable and the printer may not work after requiring a reboot of the PC . This is not what I would call a quality product in this day and age . Just pass on this one !
 This is NOT the product if you have many names and addresses , that 's for sure . It is tedious to input the information , tedious to look up , tedious to navigate , just plain not user friendly.In it 's defense I will say it 's cheap which is why it gets two stars instead of one . I would not recommend if you have more than about 20 contacts .
 This product is poorly designed and has some serious problems with its synchronization software . I could n't get it to clear the unit and reload from the PC . It kept on ADDING the same telephone listings . Do n't bother with this product - it 's overpriced and a lot of trouble .
 This Electronic Organizer is a waste of money . The instructions do not in any shape or form tell you how to operate this PDA . In fact I tired so long to get it to work the time lasped that Amazon will allow a normal return . Amazon should be ashamed they offer this piece of junk for sale.Royal Machines Extreme 7 Electronic Organizer PDA with 2MB Memory and 6-Line RoyalGlo Backlit Display
 Save yourself time , money and aggravation by avoiding Royal products . My Royal EZVue backlight did n't work from the minute I put the battery in . In three months or less it became unreadable as bits of the display were disappearing . Royal products did n't have the courtesy to answer a letter which I sent the Customer Service Dept. in July . They are not my Grandfather 's Royal company , to be sure . These days the `` Royal '' stands for something else which I 'd rather not repeat here but you know .
 This product might be OK for some people but did not work for the application I had in mind . This was not the products fault but mine because I was hoping it could work for my needs . It would have been an inexpensive solution.However , I was not able to connect my PC -LRB- Vista -RRB- with the Handheld PDO even after 5 calls for help to India . I am 83 and had a hard time working with the techs in India .
 I know I love these pens . They 're the perfect size , shape , and the ink comes out smoothly and does n't blot.But when I bought replacements from amazon , they sent me the new kind -LRB- not the kind pictured -RRB- which while similar in size and shape with just a gray grip instead of black , is of much poorer quality . The new kind with gray grip does not write as smoothly and leaves blot marks on my papers.I wish I could find someone really selling the original .
 I ordered these pens based off of the item that was pictured . I LOVE the pens that are depicted -LRB- they are a previous `` model '' . The rubber grip was offered much more padding . -RRB- The model that they sent offer essentially no padding , and needless to say , I am thoroughly disappointed .
 The item that I purchased was not the item that was pictured or I was under the impression that I was purchasing .
 I 've had a favorite pen for four years and I thought that they had stopped producing it . So when I saw them on amazon I was really excited . What I got , however , was a completely different pen . It was the ` new generation ' of the atlantis and writes really poorly . The box and pen LOOK completely different , and had been squished and both ends were open . The pens themselves did n't write and were coated with dust . What ... even ? I called them today and they said they were sorry and that they 'd send a replacement , which should arrive tomorrow . Fingers crossed ? I 'm fairly confident that they 're just going to send the exact same messed up pens .
 Franklin is a five star product . I rated two because the advertisement says `` Sierra Leather-Like Zipped Organizer Starter Set , Classic
 ReStockIt sounded concerned when asked to return this item -LRB- item did not match description -RRB- . However , I did not receive return authorization by mail as promised . While the product is not a terrible rip off it fell short and reseller ReStockIt did not come through to return . I ca n't recommend purchasing this item unless your willing to accept less than what is advertised
 Whille attempting to assemble chair the ring at the bottom was not on the instructions . Look up correct instructions on web site . Can not disassemble foot rest from leg assembly or remove hydraulic cylinder . The chair was a gift and should not have been hard . Assembly instruction were for a model B317 . Will definitely not be using or recommending this product or company .
 It was in many parts when it arrived -LRB- although it was not clear that it needed assembly -RRB- . The instructions included were for a different chair than I ordered . The ring did not fit into the ring holder at the bottom at all . We called Norstar Office Products and asked them to send back out the ring and holder . They refused and insisted we contact Amazon . We have done so and are returning , not exchanging . Do n't ever buy anything from Norstar Office Products . They are unhelpful and their merchandise is crap .
 I 'm disappointed with this . . The lowest setting results in my legs hanging off the edge and it is uncomfortable to put my feet on the footrest rung for very long . The seat is n't even . When you swivel around in it one one side it goes higher and then as it goes around , it goes lower .
 They dont even acknowledge a foot ring exists ... was following instructs ... get done flip over cahir n realize foot ring not on ... no prob right . wrong . have to beat the chair apart to fix it . Its all in dumpster . Save youe money . Its a CHEAP chair with an add on it WASNT designed for . Buy elsewhere , way over priced .
 This chair would 've been fine for what I 'm using it for but the gas cylinder failed after about 5 weeks . It 's cheaply made but what would you expect for the price - drafting chairs are expensive . I was sitting in it , working , and suddenly it just sank to it 's lowest setting . It 's been that way since .
 Chair is unstable , padding is too soft and uncomfortable . Most annoying is the fact that the arms bend away from the chair with hardly any pressure . Cheap construction .
 EUa800 does n't work i have call the company can you help me exchange the product thanks email me back when you 'll have time for me . Marcellus
 I am a teacher , and I bought two these staplers for everyday classroom use after reading all the positive reviews . As it turns out , these are terrible staplers ! The first stapler did n't even make it a week -- a student accidentally knocked it off the table , and because it is plastic instead of metal , it immediately broke . The other one made it three weeks , during which it jammed all the time and required lots of pressure in order to staple anything at all . It would n't open all the way , so I could n't use it to staple papers to a bulletin board either . Finally , the second one broke durnig regular use , when I was simply stapling two pieces of notebook paper together . It jammed and was impossible to unjam without popping the spring . I 'm not sure why this has so many positive reviews , but I wish I could go back and spend a bit more for some metal staplers .
 THIS PRODUCT ONLY FIXES THE PROBLEM WHEN USED THEN GOES BACK TO THE LOW INK PROBLEM . I HAD THOUGHT IT WOULD CLEAN FOR GOOD BUT THIS ONLY CLEANS FOR ONE USE ...
 In ordering this item I experienced the crazy side of email shopping . The item was out of stock and no one so informed me . The shipping department sent another shredder -- a different brand with different specs . Inside that box was a camera and accessories kit someone else had returned with the proper return docs inside . When I called to find out what to do and explain why I did not want to pay return postage , I was given instructions that I followed to the letter . A month later still no refund . After three more calls to customer service , I got `` disconnected '' twice and finally someone listened and proceeded to explain why I had to wait even longer , BUT the next day the refund was finally posted . Not Amazon 's most shining moment .
 THIS ITEM IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE AS IT HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED BY MANUFACTURER.Fellowes 32197 Powershred SB-97Cs ShredderIT WAS OBVIOUSLY NOT SO GREAT .
 OK , So here it is ... 100 % WASTE OF MONEY , you can remove the shredded pieces and put them right back together . If you are shredding your kids drawings or scratch paper this is for you , if you are shredding anything of value STAY AWAY !!!!!!
 The unit stopped working after just a few months of use . I called customer service for help serveral times but their suggestions for fixing it never helped . I eventually got frustrated and ordered a much more powerful machine .
 This is a real so so shredder ! I was not happy with the shred size of the unit . The strips are rather large and it is NOT a cross cut shredder . I have not tested a CD shred which is why I bought this unit . There is nothing that separates the shred in the basket so if you shred CD & Credit Cards , they will end up in the same basket with your paper . This may not be important to you but if you recycle your paper like we do , you ca n't mix the other stuff in with it . Product overall seems cheap . Lots of plastic .
 I just bought this shredder . I have not had it an hour and it has overheated twice . It does take about five sheets at once , not 17 . It does munch up credit cards very well .
 Purchased this shredder on February 17th 2010 . Within the last week , the gears started slipping and anything more than a single sheet of paper causes it to stall.Prior to that , it was a very good shredder . But , getting just 15 months of use from a $ 200 + shredder is very disappointing .
 Someone tried to shred 11 sheets of paper at one time ON THIS UNIT and it broke the spiraled motor shaft right off ... do you think fellows makes replacements parts for it ? Hell no . So if you are going to buy this unit , put a big label right on front : DO NOT SHRED MORE THAN 5 SHEETS ! NO CREDIT CARDS -LRB- even though it say you can -RRB- and NO MYLAR OR MANILA PAPER
 We bought this maching Feb 2009 and it 's already broken after less than 2 years . If you buy this machine be sure to get a warrenty because we do n't use this machine that often and it broke .
 I ordered a Dymo Label Tape refill and they sent me some sealed air bubble type mailers . Not even close to what I ordered .
 I 'm not sure what kind of horrible chemicals Kensington uses , but I 'm pretty sure they 're giving me about 10 forms of cancer . I 'm planning on throwing this thing out . The chemical smell just never goes away .
 I have a lot of memory foam products
 So far so good . It 's very comfortable in my office chair . Feels much nicer than the thin , hard , flattened foam that is in my cheap office chair . For the price it works as advertised.Only thing that would make it better if it were wider by 2 or 3 inches . I am 6 ' 2 '' , 200 lbs and have a normal size backside and it 's barely wide enough for me . I could see where this cushion could be uncomfortable for someone with a bigger booty.UPDATE !!! UPDATE !!! UPDATE !!! Ok I tried it for 4 hours and because of the width and length is too small I will be sending it back . With it being not wide enough , it creates pressure points on the outer edges of my thighs and with it being too short , again , it creates pressure points under my thighs where the front of the seat is . It does n't take long for it to become uncomfortable . Softness wise it was great , but the pressure points it creates makes it not worth keeping . I think this would work perfectly if it were closer to the same size as the seat on the chair.Sorry Kensington , I 'm not a fan of this product of yours .
 The memory foam seat rest is good enough that I still use it . I have an expensive chair that uses a flexible web seat that turned out to be a bit harsh on my bottom.The seat rest has improved this , but not by a lot . It is enough that I use it , which is more than I can say about anything else I have tried . It sticks to the chair , and has no drift . I hardly know it is there , which can be good and bad.I noted that the picture shows a back rest . This is not included . While there is nothing in the text to say there is a back rest , most of us depend on the picture when deciding to buy a product .
 I found the chemical smell drifting up from my chair to be distracting enough , that I removed the new seat rest after an hour or so , and buried it under my desk . It 's now been resting there for three days ... . Cushioning did n't make my back feel any better , and the odor diminished my overall comfort . This one , I 'm returning .
 After having this item on my Amazon wish list for over 2 years I was thrilled to unwrap it on Christmas morning . After trying it out , however , I was sorely disappointed . I expected to have a soft memory foam like the pad I use on my bed but instead had a seat cusion that was hard and even worse than the worn out chair I was wanting to improve !!! What made me more upset was the fact we can not return it unless it 's not what we ordered or not as described . My opinion and the description are completely different things , but it never mentioned SOFTNESS w hich is what I wanted so I guess I am stuck with it . I am resorting to re-selling it on ebay , which I know we wo n't get half of what we paid . Live and learn ... . buy items like this from a store where you can try it out first .
 I have seen several incredibly comfortable office chairs for about $ 25 . Who would pay this for a chair pillow ?
 The cushion is 16 '' by 16 '' . That is simply too small for most adults . I am a guy with a 33 '' waist -LRB- not exactly obese -RRB- and this was way too narrow to be comfortable . I had to return it .
 after reading some good reviews , i was really looking forward to this cushion . what a let down!since i have always had trouble with my sit bones -LRB- even on leather cushy chairs -RRB- and ending up with a numb butt , thought this might solve it.out of the box it feels nice and thick and squishy but sadly flattens out after just a few minutes -LRB- i weigh 175 lbs . -RRB- it 's no better than sitting on a folded blanket .
 Upon opening the package ... . the smell was terrible . I assume it was the foam smell or cover . It was so bad I put it in the garage to air out . After 2 days it still smelled . The best way to describe the smell is if you get a new item made of plastic that has a super strong petroleum/paint smell . It bothered my wife even more than me so I know it was nothing peculiar just to me . Besides the smell the cushion loses all its `` poof '' and becomes totally flat after sitting for a little while . It is supposed to conform to your body but instead gives you a 1/4 inch pad to sit on . I only weigh about 120 lbs ... so its not that I 'm a big guy . I sent it back and would suggest you not purchase it .
 This cushion was ridiculously small and did n't even fit my office mate 's smaller chair let alone mine . I let my skinny teen neighbor try it out , and even she said it was so small and hard that it was cutting into the back of her thighs . It created about a dozen new pressure points when I tried it . On top of that , it 's very thin and instantly compresses flat .
 At first I placed the cushion on my chair and it felt great ! But after about 15 minutes I could smell this awful mold smell . Like when something is left in an unheated basement for a year . And I was not happy my pants picked up the smell too !
 I received the product and within 1 week the pen was not functional . The low grade plastic that holds the tip portion broke at the barrel of the pen . This was just due to pulling the cap off the pen .
 I 've had this phone system for three years . After the first year I had to replace the rechargable battery ; it just would n't hold a charge . Now the replacement barely holds the charge . I 'm in a position whether to buy a second wireless phone with it or spend more money to replace the entire system . Probably the latter , even though that will cost me $ 200 + . , rather than $ 100 for an additional phone .
 The unit appeared to operate correctly for the first few weeks . After approximately 40 days the Charging Unit would not Function -LRB- no green light and no resultant charge i = of the handset -RRB- correctly . I have the base unit -LRB- purchased in an Electronic Store -RRB- that still operates after 18 months - but wanted to have another remote habdset to go with it - am sorry I ordered the unit .
 We have owned this ATT answering system for about 2 years . After a year the `` off '' button became difficult to operate . Now the `` off '' button wo n't work at all , making the portable handset useless . We are now in the market for a new 2-line phone system . It will not be an ATT unit.Small wonder ATT is in such financial difficulty and is now owned by one of the baby-bells that it previously owned .
 If it even tips over a little bit on your desk , and falls , just from a standing position to laying down on your desk , the battery pops out the phone dies , and your phone call is gone . What ever happen to AT&T quality ?
 I have to say this phone did not live up to my expectations . Though 2.4 GHz was state of the art when I bought it , its range was actually less than my previous phone . There were parts of my apartment where the signal broke up , and it 's not that big an apartment . Also , when you clip the phone to your belt then unclip it , the battery pops out , cutting off your phone call . Now the battery wo n't stay in at all so it wo n't hold a charge , and I am forced to buy another handset unit even though I do n't even like this phone ! Steer clear of this one .
 This product is highly over priced . Will look for a lower price with the nest purchase . I have been purchasing this product for a number of years .
 Like other work-at-home users , I want to have my home line in line 1 and work line in line 2 . You ca n't default line 2 to be the primary line , so initiating calls from line 2 can be a hassle because of the awkward key/handset sequence required . Also , using `` hold '' and switching between 1 and 2 simply did n't work -- once line 1 was activated , I could n't get it to disconnect.It 's frustrating -- I 've returned two phones recently , have done a lot of research , and there seem to be no obviously superior phones out there . Someone who can make a high voice quality , multi-line phone with a good feature set and a good user interface could print money .
 The phone worked great except for the redial function . When trying to redial , the phone will only redial the seven digit number . Not a problem unless you must use the -LRB- 1 -RRB- + area code for your call . There is a menu item to change the outgoing foremat , but it must be done for each individual call . I returned mine after two days .
 I have delayed adding my review of the AT&T 2462 system while giving AT&T time to make good on their warranty . They have tried but an inferior product has caused them to fail.I initially bought the base system with 2 additional handsets to use in my small business . From a phone aspect this has been a very good system . Call sound quality , handset range and battery life , speaker phone on both base and handset , intercom/paging work fine.But the answering system is TERRIBLE.The sound quality of your recorded greeting is worse than most tape based devices . Sound qualtity of incoming messages -LRB- when they can be left -RRB- is n't much better.The biggest problem is the total unpredictability if the answering system will work at all . Most of the time when the answering system kicks in it will play the first 1-3 seconds of your greeting then disconnect the call . Or , it will allow someone to begin leaving a message then abruptly disconnect in mid-message . Trying to retrieve messages remotely can take 4 or 5 tries before you proceed far enough to enter your access code . Then you wonder how many incoming calls encountered this nonsense before your tried to access messages . Once back in the office the call log gives you an idea of how many others encountered the same problem.And , I have been through 4 , count 'em 4 base units that have all done the same thing.I have given up on the 2462 to take my messages and am using an old digital answering machine for messages.I am stuck with this unit . All AT&T can do is send another swapout unit and I 'm tired of spending time starting over . They wo n't buy it back and it 's too late to return it.If your looking for a good 2-line remote handset phone , the 2462 does well , if you need to rely on it to collect and allow remote retrieval of messages look elsewhere .
 I bought this phone even after reading all the reviews about the bad answering system . I should have paid attention . I have had this phone for less than six months -LRB- but more than the 90 days to return it -RRB- . The answering system simply does n't work . It does n't even play all of my message , much less take any messages . I believe that this model is being phased out , but considering that AT&T has been so unhelpful , I certainly would n't buy the newer model . Other things are a bit `` off '' too , but they might be overlooked if the answering system worked .
 I wish I had done my research on this phone and read all these reviews . We bought the phone about 8 months ago . Within 6 weeks , we had static on the line almost every time we used the phone . Sometimes the static begins immediately and other times you have a 10 minute grace period to talk before it begins . Also , this static often occurs when people are leaving messages on the answering machine . This causes us to lose half the message as it is not understandable . This phone SUCKS . Do NOT buy it !
 I 'm on my 2nd system . Within 2 months of the first one , the keypad did not work all the time . The 2nd current one goes on the fritz and asks my callers to enter the security code . Technical support tells me I need to unplug and replug the machine in . This problem has occurred twice . I go away for a month and it stopped taking messages from callers . No the mailbox was not filled . Yes it is working again but I do n't trust it and signed up for Verizon voice mail.Stay away from this system !
 If you got 2 lines , 1 hardwired -LRB- telco -RRB- and the other a voip , like vonage . The caller id will not work . I troubleshooted this issue for 3 hours now , and its clear that if you have a device such as Vonage connected to the 2nd line and your telco to the other , caller id will not work . It does work if either one is connected but the other isnt
 Lack of speed dial is a problem for calling card users . You can enter your pin into the phone book , but you ca n't use the phone book once a call is initiated .
 This phone will cut off your callers when they are leaving a voice-mail -LRB- see other reviews to see that this is common -RRB- . It appears that it is dectecting tones in the callers voice which triggers the phone to think you are trying to access your voice mail.Avoid this phone .
 The answering machine cuts off messages . After three months use static came on the line with each use . House telephone lines checked out ; we were told phone was defective . Customer service of no use . Avoid this phone and avoid AT&T `` service '' .
 I invested heavily in this product with two additional handhelds about 1 year ago . While the sound quality and range were both very good , the chargers and batteries are pure junk . Out of the three chargers that I own , only one is still functional . The battery life is down to a couple of hours on a full charge . I babied these phones and they are now worthless after just one year of household service . Look elsewhere .
 The voice quality is GREAT . The answering system , cuts off messages . AT&T support is terrible . Sent replacement ... it failed also ... sent upgrade model E2562 , -LRB- with wrong remote units - which had be returned for the correct ones -RRB- ... now line one is disconnected when put on hold to answer line two . It has been 10 months of dealing with a very poorly run customer service department .
 It sounded great but after few days of usage , I hate it .1 . the number pad buttons on the base are hard to push .2 . receiver on the base comes off hook too easily .3 . often there are statics and echos while speaking .4 . battery on the cordless handset does n't last very long . A day if I use it total of an hour talk time . 2 or 3 if I do n't use it at all .5 . speaker functions well most of the time . But it sometimes gives echos to the person on the other end .
 In coming messages are cut off frequently . I was told by a customer service person that this was not correctable . That in fact it will happen from time to time . I had the phone replace once to try an alleviate the problem but in fact it happens anyway . I would say it happens 20 % of the time ... not good considering I bought a 2-line phone because I often work at home ... clients really do n't like it !!!
 First the problems
 For a small business , this not your phone to use . The ring types are aweful !!! Too loud and piercing for an office . When you are on line 1 , you must hang up the phone to pick up line 2 . Who does that nowadays ! My old corded 2-line phone is better than this !! At least , the voice mail works !
 I had high hopes for this backrest b/c it was described as `` Memory Foam . '' I sleep on memory foam , I have memory foam pillows , memory foam is my friend . This backrest is no memory foam!It is a firm , non-pliant foam , that does not conform or mold in response to the body 's heat or pressure -- I even tried placing a very warm pan on it and it did n't mold at all . It does , however , smell moldy ! Not kidding .
 I purchased 2 products ; one back rest and one seat cushion . I am happy with the seat cushion . The back rest was increasing my back pain and now I use it as a seat cushion in my car . It is not bad for that . I did not return it to save the shipping expenses and environment.I think the shape of the backrest is the problem .
 Sorry i had to review this ... I got this 5 years ago and i 've been using it to work ever since . The first thing i noticed was the straps were to short to snap at the back of the chair so because of it , it does not rest well and ends up sitting on the side . I have to constantly move it in the middle because the way the straps were made makes the backrest move to the side . This will only work for small chairs not the one 's you see at work . I have yet to find a good one but for now i 'll just add a pillow
 I would have returned it if I was n't so lazy - It had a very strange odor , almost moldy . It took 3 days of being outside and a bottle of Febreeze to have it smell ok - and I still get a slight odor from it .
 I ran out of Canon Photo Pro Paper while printing my vacation pics , and had a 20 piece trial pack of the Kodak Ultima Picture Paper that I broke out to try . I printed the same picture on both papers and the Kodak does n't even come close to the quality of the Canon ! Both papers were supposed to be glossy , but the Kodak is almost matte . The Kodak paper also seemed to be more pixellated looking , while the Canon paper is photo lab quality . I do not recommend Kodak Ultima Picture Paper -LRB- unless you are getting it near free , and giving the pictures to someone you do n't really like that much -RRB- .
 I attempted to use this product to mount several vinyl-coated maps to rigid Masonite . After waiting approx . 15 minutes after spraying -LRB- for the glue to dry -RRB- , the applicaation of the maps to the backing went well , with the maps laying down flat and smooth . Unfortunately , the next morning , numerous bubbles had formed , pulling map material away from the backing and creating ugly `` blisters '' . Attempting to roll these out with a rubber roller made things worse , as the blisters had slightly stretched the map material , which caused a crease to form as the material was being flattened ... Aaarghhhhh ! I attempted to use a razorblade to cut small vent holes in the map to allow the trapped gas to escape . If I was extremely careful pushing out each of the many blisters , this worked okay , but I still ended up with numerous creases in the map . After re-flattening , I came back a day later and more blisters had formed ... more Aaarghhhh ! So , users beware ... This product out-gasses even after you think the glue has dried to an aggressive tacky level . If these gases are trapped behind any kind of non-porous material -LRB- i.e. - vinyl coated maps , posters , etc. -RRB- , blistering could be a big problem and ruin your project !
 This so-called `` adhesive '' is absolutely useless.Maybe , I got a can from a bad batch . I have no way of knowing.This stuff does not dry up like you expect it to , and instead stays in liquified form for a long time.After that , it is not strong enough for any reasonable application.I 've used several types of `` instant glue '' before , and the price of this super-77 product was attractive.What a waste of money.My advice
 3M 77 spray adhesive was sold to me for use to attach a new headliner in my pickup truck . It was easy to use and seemed to adhere the new headliner quite well . However , within about 2 years the adhesive has failed , and the headliner is again sagging . I suspect it failed due to the heat that can result from the sun on the truck roof . Admittedly , I am located in Hawaii so have a more intense sun than most , but the truck is garaged and only rarely is out in direct sun for hours at a time . Regardless , it proved unsuitable for that use.For less demanding projects where heat is not an issue , this probably is a fine spray adhesive , although it seems a bit expensive for a general purpose adhesive .
 I will have to give away this chair . Even the cheapest barren chair forces me to sit up straight at the computer and this chair does n't even really allow for anything approximating a decent poster by comparison . But the worst part is that the foam seating is is so wrongly shaped that after half an hour it actually hurts to sit on it . It does n't give to your body at all and is oddly curved in a convex , not concave manner . So now I sit on a cheap office chair until I invest in something designed for the human body . Perhaps it will be a Herman Miller after all . Sorry about the negative review folks , but this really made me feel awful sitting in it and you should spare yourself the wasted money and unnecessary discomfort in my opinion .
 I just tried this chair in the store . The seat is amazingly uncomfortable . It poked into my outer thighs . The rest of the chair is very comfortable .
 I regularly pick up a 25 pack of blank cards and envelopes at chain hobby stores for 4.99 , and they come in either white or ivory . They 're also available online , so do n't spend an extra $ 5 for these ; get 'em cheaper elsewhere .
 I tried to make this useful many times but after 4 years It 's the only Item I ever sent back to Amazon.If you wear a watch on the arm you use I negates the use of the wrist pillow.My advice pass these by . There Is not enough mouse pad to move around at times .
 No matter what the PICTURE or the DESCRIPTION show , this is ONLY the pocket item . discountofficesupplies.com has the same FALSE ADVERTISTING.You have been warned
 I 've not been `` lucky enough '' to have lost an item and had it recovered . I can say though that for any application where there is wear , these stickers just do n't last . PDA in your pocket , forget it . In addition it is relatively awkward to register the stickers online , and the company makes little effort to keep the feedback loop closed -LRB- for example I would welcome a once a year email listing stickers and my address , verifying the protection is still active -RRB- . Good idea , poor implementation .
 I love the phone and all of its functions . Great speaker phone , adjustable volume . Just fell in love with it ... until at six months the handset quit working , then at one year and two weeks the base quit . Its two weeks out of warrantee so I am out of luck . ATT , great features , but unreliable . You should find a different brand .
 I bought this phone based on a review in Wired Magazine . I love their reviews usually , but this one really let me down . I read another customer 's review -LRB- I forget where -RRB- saying they had sound quality problems , but I thought yeah right ... one in a million . Well I bought the phone and had the exact same experience.Very poor sound/voice quality . It sounded worse than a cell phone in an underground wind tunnel . I can not imagine why . I charged the battery for 48 hrs , I had it on a separate circuit , and it had it 's own line . I plugged in an old GE 2,4 ghz phone an whamo ... no troubles what so ever . Needless to say , I took the phone back and bought a cheap desk phone with a cord . Sometimes you do n't get what you pay for .
 When speaking or listening , sound becomes distorted and fuzzy . It is annoying to try to converse .
 The phone quality was great , the conversation was clear but when I recorded an outgoing message there was background static . Same thing when I used the speakerphone when on a call , there was annoying static I could hear and so could the other person on the call.Going through the 1800 help number took THREE hours . The help desk was having me try silly things like unplugging the phone , taking out the batteries , and move the phone to a different power outlet . All those things might have been logical to try if the static noise was always present indicating the battery was unseated properly or there was electrical interfence on the line . To further prolong this process , I was dropped twice when getting transferred around from person to person.I finally reached someone helpful to authorize the phone 's replacement.Upon receipt of the returned phone , I was told two weeks to get the new one . I called to confirm receipt of the phone . Two weeks and counting . .
 Well , I read the reviews and decided that the features I liked on this phone - speakerphone , large buttons , style - would overcome the issues others have mentioned about sound volume and quality . So now I own one , and after two weeks I 'm back shopping for a phone I can live with.Showstopper problems :1 . TOP VOLUME TOO LOW TO HEAR CLEARLY .2 . SOUND QUALITY POOR - and worse when you crank up the handset volume .
 EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED . I ORDERED A DIFFERENT TELEPHONE PACKAGE THAN APPEARS IN THE PICTURE . I PAID $ 60.00 FOR THIS TELEPHONE THAT WAS SUPPOSE TO INCLUDE ONE MORE HANDSET . WHEN I CALLED BUTTERFLY THEY VERY NOT VERY NICE AND I WAS NOT ABLE TO GET THE SECOND HANDSET . WHEN PURCHASING ANYTHING LIKE THIS BE SURE TO SAVE THE PICTURE ALSO . NOT JUST THE INVOICE - THAT WAS MY MISTAKE !!!!!
 I owned this phone barely over a year and the problems started . The batteries are shot . They ca n't hold a charge , my previous phone was a vtech and the batteries lasted over 3 years before I noticed diminished use . The speaker button no longer works on one handset -LRB- the call is disconnected when the button is utilized . -RRB- One handset wo n't work at all . So I have $ 260 investment that is practically useless . Very dissappointed , I should have bought a cheaper brand . The intercom functionality is horrible , you have to scroll through the menu to access it . Each handset has it 's own address book -LRB- my old vtech had a central address book . -RRB- Think twice before buying this expensive unit .
 If you want to talk to some that is soft spoken you better not be using the ATT5995 or Handset590-3 . Turn the handset volume up all the way and you will still be looking for more , not even close . I do not have a hearing problem , but this phone had me thinking I did . The speakerphone volume is loud enough but very poor quality .
 I 've had this phone for over a year , and I 'm very unimpressed . It feels like a cheap plastic toy . The sound quality is quite poor ; even with the volume up to the max , I often have trouble hearing the caller . I 've also missed a lot of messages , because it 's way too easy to accidentally delete messages that have n't been listened to yet . Altogether , this is the worst quality phone I 've ever had . Now that the batteries in the handsets have all died , I 'll be quite happy to replace the whole thing .
 Volume on hand set is very poor even at the loudest . The speaker phone does not work with anyone on a headset - any customer service rep in a call center.The message function is its only good feature .
 Looks great , but funtionally does n't always show Caller ID , never Call Waiting . The handset dial no admits ID photos and its wallpapers does n't can be changed . I 'm very discomfort with this phone .
 i am very happy with my at & t answering system . I like the convience of the phone and the cordless handsets I added to the system . I would reomend the system to anyone who doesent like a lot of wires cluttering up their home . Winona Forrester Gain
 Swingline Classic Cut Ingento 12 Inch Maple Guillotine Paper Trimmer , CL500m - 1132is completely useless.Its incapable of cutting even one sheet of copy paper.I returned it the same day it arrived
 I ordered this cutter and was excited to get it ... good reviews ... I am not sure , but it did not work for me . Once I put say an 8x10 picture and start cutting , it lifts the photo paper towards the end and then the cut is not straight . I need to put my fingers very close to the edge of the cutter holding the paer down and this is not very secured ... I tried and tried , and followed instructions of putting pressure moving the handle towards the left , it was still doing the same . Cut was sharp but not straight. :-LRB- Now I need to find another one ...
 Bought this cutter for trimming various art papers , it does n't cut cleanly unless you are doing a single sheet , so returned it .
 I needed a paper-cutter that cut a straight line -LRB- my old one did n't -RRB- and this one does . However , the line it cut was horrendous . I needed to cut 60lb glossy paper and the edge is ragged . At least the old one cut cleanly and I could adjust for the straight line . This is pathetic .
 I was really excited about this cutter , I thought I am going to spend some money for 12 inch maple swingline cutter . However I cant even cut a sliver off of normal piece of paper , let alone any of my photos that I intended to use this for . The blade just fold the paper back , or photo back ? If I hold my hand really close to the blade and cut it will work . Does anyone know if I am doing something wrong ? I am very unhappy with this cutter !
 The cutter looks nice , but cuts terrible.Ihave an oldGerman cutter -LRB- probably50years old -RRB- that does a much betterjob.It 's already a bad sign , if theysaypush blade to the left while cuttig.there is nothing that guides the blade or holds the paper down.Too expansive for that.You can get an awesome workig Dahle -LRB- German precision -RRB- for $ 89 , which is way more worth the money -LRB- not as pretty tho -RRB- . I have agreeting card business and was planning on only using it for samples -LRB- cutting one or two pagesat the time -RRB- , did n't work at all , not one sqare cut and I have been used all kindof cutters in the last 15years . If you do n't need preciion at all , then this might work for you .
 I bought this paper to make wedding fans . I was disappointed in the thickness of the paper . I ordered 90lb cardstock for our invitations which was a different brand and it was thicker than this 110lb cardstock . The paper is definately thicker than regular cardstock , but I was expecting more . If I use this paper I will definately have to use two layers . It is certainly thick enough for cards , invitations and for uses other than a paper fan . Just thought I would write the review so you know what to expect .
 The little shelf wo n't shut all the way and is crooked . The Envelope holder ends are short and not tall enough . The bottom one ca n't even keep little No. 10 envelopes from falling out of it . Boo .
 I expected better from Avery . They are okay - but pages do not slide in easily - it seems like it will work better for smaller pages ...
 Just bought one of these and the folder pockets wo n't fit a standard 8.5 '' x 11 '' sheet of paper . You know , like a syllabus or all of those in-class handouts . Yep , wo n't fit . I swear last semester I did n't have this problem , so for some reason they changed the design . Really ? Ridiculous ...
 The `` original '' old Mead Composition Book is a classic . But recently Mead changed the Composition Book so that it 's now worthless . The paper seems like it is n't 100 % pure quality tree paper so it 's not as smooth to write on , the cover is a messy `` plastic-type '' cardboard , the black tape comes off in 3 months . I hate these things now.I bought 50 of these `` new type '' Mead Composition Books and the 10 new ones that I still have left , have rotted and the black tape has warped and come off . The 40 that I used up with writing , have also rotted and the black tape has come off . It 's a real mess if you store them in old bookshelves . Some are made in India or Brazil and none are no longer made in the USA . The USA ones were the absolute best , with real tree paper , not `` plastic-wax type '' mesh waste paper , and real tree cardboard covers.If you need fairly adequate paper to write on , get Japanese Stationery -LRB- ex
 Recently , I purchased a few of these composition books since my stash of them has been exhausted . These new composition books use flimsier cardboard and the paper is n't as good . When I compare them to my older books , I realize that these new books are not made in the USA . I do n't know if this is the cause of the lower quality or maybe some greater use of recycled papers.In any case , I 've decided to move on to Rhodia notebooks . This is unfortunate because I have been using these products since the early 80s when I started kindergarten . Rhodia notebooks are a little bit more expensive , but for my journaling needs are worth it . I believe that Rhodia also uses some recycled paper to create their books.Please bring back the quality to these books .
 Purchased 11 of these notebooks and of course 5 of them were missing pages ... some up to 12 pages missing ... of course we did not find this out until we started using them so there goes our refund ... Mead do you not have a quality control center ? I do not expect to have to count the pages of the books before I give them out to students . . this creates such an inconvenience .
 I ordered and paid for this product and it never came . I have n't even received an e-mail from them explaining why . This is completely unacceptable ! I 'm never buying from Mead again !
 These journals are very cheap and of poor quality . They are unlike the original journals produced by Mead . You get what you pay for : -LRB-
 The pages are really thin ; you can see the ink through more than one page . The cover is also kind of thin . If you need a cheap - low quality notebook for nothing important then this is for you .
 it was totally a mistake that I ordered this one on line.Cost me a lot of money and there is nothing different from other notebooks
 I bought the Mead Grad Recycled 5 subject notebook from Office Max or depot . The spiral wire binding does n't hold the notebook together . Maybe it works for fewer pages/subjects , but it must have over 100 pages of paper and within the first week of school the front and back covers have fallen off and about 20 pages are about 1/2 way on . None of them have torn , the binding system is just not holding them together.My second issue with this notebook is each subject does not have a file sleeve in the yellow separator . Not sure if that makes sense , but the first yellow separator has a little file sleeve that holds extra files , like my syllabus , but it 's the only one . The other 4 subject separators do n't have that file sleeve.On the positive side , none of the pages that have become exposed have torn . I hate when pages tear off if you just jostle them just slightly even .
 Like too many conglomerates , Mead is cutting corners and it shows . These Five Star spiral notebooks seem rugged enough with their polyethylene covers , but my experience is that within a year or so the paper begins to seriously yellow from the outer edges -- far faster than older Mead notebooks I have . This suggests the nifty cover are matched with cheap , acidy paper . Okay if you never plan to look at those college notes once you finish the course , but if plan on making long-term use of the contents of your spiral notebooks , look elsewhere .
 very disapointed with this notebook . the paper is very poor quality not very bright and looks dingy . also some pages are wrinkled . i wont be buying a mead product again .
 I bought this item twice , and they did n't ship the color I chose in both items . Other than that , this notebook is awesome .
 I compare the price with the others I buy later from Walmart . This book cost is tripple of the one from Walmart .
 Ripped quickly after use . Not sturdy enough for what it is intended
 The cover image is not what the notebook actually looks like . It is ugly and boring and I regret this purchase
 When I was a secretary for two years , I received this pen in the mail exactly eight times . The supply company we ordered from -LRB- only one time -RRB- sent the pen samples in an attempt to entice us to order more . But all of their pens sucked , and this one was no different . Its barrel size makes any attempt at writing anything unwieldy and difficult at best . The ink flow is comparable to a .29 cent Bic . Additionally , the pen itself is cheaply put together , and comes apart after only a few uses . We could n't give these away ; even our customers , who love free stuff , would n't take them .
 I ordered two cases and received two reams . Was told this was Amazon 's mistake in the listing , even though their paperwork also said case of 10 reams and they would not make good on it . I did receive a full refund .
 the shipping cost of this paper is much more than the cost of the paper .
 I realize there are people who think only the paper should be reviewed , but a -RRB- there is n't that much to be said about name-brand copy paper , b -RRB- the poor shipping is just plain ridiculous and c -RRB- the review is about the value of the product , which is greatly diminished when it arrives damaged.I will not be ordering from shoplet again . They stuffed the paper into a cardboard box with one row of packing pillows on one side so that it was * guaranteed * to be damaged during shipping . The Hammermill package was torn open on both ends by the force of the s-bend that the row of packing pillows forced the paper into . There was no possible way it was going to arrive in one piece.Almost 10 % of the paper is damaged beyond use in a copier or printer . Fortunately I take a lot of notes and sketch a lot of design diagrams by hand so I can use the damaged pages for other purposes.The paper has a very nice satin finish too it , it feels slippery to the touch . Fortunately that finish makes it very nice to draw on using fine-point sharpies as that 's what a bunch of it will have to be used for .
 When I received the product `` Hammermill 10254-1 Hammermill Color Copy Paper , 28-lb. , 11 x 17 , Photo White , 500-Sheet Ream '' , I found it is all taped up with Scottch tape and the cover was partially open . I am often pleased with the packing of Amazon.com except this one . I was a bit surprise .
 I was very diligent in setting the chair up . It worked well for about a month . After a month nails started to fall off and it was impossible to put back in so I threw them away and now I have a back that is down to the side . I can not sit back on this chair . I can not afford to buy another one so I am stuck with this . If I had known that it had such cheap nails , etc I would n't have bothered .
 The object of ordering was to have a ribbon that could be used in a typewriter.The cartridges looked good but when installed were so old and dried out thatthey would not imprint the typing paper . If someone knows of another placethat I can order from that has ribbon to fit this typewriter , I would be indebtedto you . Not finding a source has held up a major project .
 This product is listed as `` A4 paper , 8.25 x11 .7 '' , however it is standard 8.5 x11 paper and this company claims not to know how it listed wrong . The seller does n't carry A4 paper .
 The container bin would not stay in place which causes security sensor to disconnect , the whole thing is made out of flexy plastic , parts do not fit tight . Great look though if only build quality was better , reasonably quiet , fine shred , got mine at Costco -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We were looking for an inexpensive shredder for home use . Thought this would fit the bill but we were mistaken . Looks nice but if you do any volume of shredding at all , you will be frustrated by the mess that ensues every time that you go to empty it . Pull out the drawer and shredded paper goes everywhere . So unless you do n't mind picking up lots of little pieces of paper , you might want to find another alternative .
 My previous shredder of almost ten years finally died . While in Costco one day I saw this shredder and made an impulse purchase . A valuable lesson was learned that day ... ALWAYS read reviews of a product like this before making a purchase . The shredding part of this machine is fine but it is the aftermath that makes it less useful than a roomful of three year olds with scissors cutting the paper up for me . If you shred a lot , meaning more than ten sheets of paper a month , you will spend most of your time dumping this one and then cleaning up the awful mess it leaves . Hansel and Gretel would n't have needed bread crumbs if they owned one of these machines . They could have just carried it through the woods and left a small trail of shredded paper in the woods mark their path . There is no clear indicator on the machine as to when it is full so it is common to shred too much , which will make opening it to dump almost impossible . If this were the last shredder made on Earth I would resort to placing a barrel in my back yard and burning all of my documents . I could only recommend this shredder to people who want to brag about owning a shredder as if it is a status symbol . For those who need it for realistic purposes , steer clear of this machine , especially if you are a politician . There is no way this thing could shred all the evidence of your corruption in a timely manner . You would be better off buying a herd of goats and feeding them your documents .
 I 'd purchased this shredder to upgrade a very old one and to gain cross-shredding . I have to say it 's barely worth the money . The shredded pieces are small enough but the cons are a longer list.To start off it can barely handle 5-6 pages at once without sounding like it will choke . I 've overheated the machine twice already -LRB- owned it for a week -RRB- so read the instructions carefully on how long you can use it at once . If you 're still shredding after 8-10 minutes you 'd better take a break.The plastic construction is fine but the biggest problem of all is the capacity . The drawer is a tiny compartment that holds less than a bathroom wastebasket . It wo n't work unless the drawer is closed so forget about rigging up another container.There is a window in the drawer to show you when it 's full but the paper tends to stack up out of view so keep checking your progress . You 'd better also have the vacuum handy because emptying this thing is a problem . When you have a full container -LRB- and not to the top either -RRB- and open the drawer there is always some paper hanging around at the top sticking to the output slot . When the drawer comes out , the paper drops down right onto the housing and frequently on the floor . The best way I 've come up with is to just shred on a towel or tarp and clean it up at the end.Honestly , there has to be a better design than this one . I ca n't believe the designers make shredders so small like we would only shred a page or two at a time . A shredder designed to put right over a full-sized trash can would be well received !
 I have never been so frustrated with a product ever ... . you hold your life in your hands when you deal with this machine , and I am not exaggerating.The pros - it was one of the cheapest out there , now I know why.The cons
 The shredder itself works great and we have had no problems with that . But the design of the bin is TERRIBLE . First , it is not designed for use with a bag . There is a prong that sticks out into the shredding area that will catch on the bag when trying to remove . You end up tearing the bag and paper shreds spilling all over . Second , there is no gauge to tell you when it 's getting full so if you over do it , when you pull out the bin paper shreds go all over , literally . I have learned my lesson and will look at shredder design when I purchase my next shredder .
 This is just sad . I 've had a couple of shredders in the past that crapped out one me but this one takes the cake . After just 16 months I 'm in the market for a new shredder . It started out strong if messy . Now I have to devote 15 minutes to getting rid of a weeks mail . Argh .
 We 've had this shredder for over a year . We 're looking to replace it . Jams frequently . Very difficult to open front to clean . Shredder mechanism is impossible to clear . Badly designed . Looks good , but is user unfriendly .
 Bought without reviewing first as I needed a replacement shredder and I 've been pleased with vast majority of products carried at the big box store where I bought it . Worked first day , but then blades would not go forward on second day , only reverse . CD/diskette slot would not work either . Tried reseating basket multiple times thinking the safety latch was not engaged , but it could not be positioned any better than I had it . Online search suggests burnt winding in motor or defective PCB . To add insult to injury , could not get motor off the top to repack in box . It 's going back to the big box store from whence it came NOT to be replaced by the same .
 After feeding fewer than 10 sheets of paper through this shredder -LRB- one at a time -RRB- , it inexplicably quit working . There is no paper jam , so it must be a sensor issue -LRB- it will go neither forward nor reverse -RRB- . The customer service representative told me to try unplugging it for half an hour , then returning it to the store if it did not work . Not the start I was hoping for .
 Every paper you shredder take you 2 hours -LRB- a little exaggerated , but not much -RRB- to clean up .
 I just purchased this machine and used it for the first time , it seems a little flimsy for the price , the front bin does not close tight and stay shut . I have also scratched up the front trying to remove the sticker . It amazes me that manufactures put stickers on their products that will not peel off .
 I just purchased this last week from Costco . I try to empty the bin and the safety catch will not release the bin . I called customer support and spoke with someone that I am sure was in India . He kept telling me to pull gently down . . Helllooo ... the bin will not come out !
 This shredder is beyond stupid . I needed a shredder that could handle CDs . It can also shred credit cards and 3.5 '' floppies so it appealed to me . I opened it up and read the manual and the manual says it can only shred 5 CDs per day ?! This is such a stupid limitation for a number of reasons . It does n't make sense to have a per day limit . It makes sense to say something like
 I bought it from costco . After few weeks of moderate use , one of the teeth broke . Now , the paper gets stuck every so often and i have to clean it out by hand.This shredder is not good
 I truly regret buying this shredder . It 's almost as if the designers intentionally designed it to create the maximum amount of mess any time you try to empty the basket . The basket is opaque except for a tiny little window half way from the top . You can only tell when the basket is half full , at which you might as well empty it , because otherwise you are headed for a mess . I should warn you that you can get false readings , because the shreddings clump from the top and fill the back before the front . So the window can look empty , but then you shake the shredder until enough shreddings fall down and you will see that it is full . To empty the shredder , you pull the form fitting basket out from the front of the shredder . At this point , a bunch of shreddings that were n't settled will fall behind the basket into the back , leaving a mess on the inside floor of the shredder . In fact , some shreddings are always there , because the basket does n't fully capture all shreddings that fall . Of course , some of that can be because you have to shake the basket to tell if it 's full . Then , last but not least , the top of the basket is oddly shaped -LRB- the front is higher than the back -RRB- making it hard to fill a trash bag without spilling shreddings.You can get a better shredder than this . Consider yourself warned . I wish I was .
 I have owned this shredder for a year now and it has helped me along my path towards a paper-free home . However , I continuously am dealing with jams and today it finally jammed for the last time . Will be throwing it the dumpster and getting a new one that has a history of fewer jams .
 This shredder did not last . The shredding area broke off in the middle and this meant that we needed to put all papers to one side in order to try and shred them . Ended up throwing it out and bought another one .
 we hated this Shredder . it is very hard to use , hard to clean , very messy . How come a company designs a shredder and does not use it and test it properly.we ended up buying Amazon basics shredder and we love it .
 Not worth the purchase , the adhesive on these envelopes does n't stick so I need to apply tape to every one to ensure that it does n't open during shipping . I wo n't order these again .
 While I do n't have a problem with this product itself , I do have a problem with how it 's listed on Amazon . The sizes and description were not clear , or it was changed after I ordered these . They were not even close . I needed them for DVDs and the size I got might hold a coin . The sizes are not clear . Be careful when ordering because these are very small !
 These mailers are so thin they are useless . Came in a box that looks as if it was used several times . Packed terribly . Mailers were crushed and torn . These mailers are total JUNK . Do not waste your money ! I was contacted by seller -LRB- Buyer News -RRB- after my review and offered money to take it down . I was also offered a full refund ... which I never received . There product is awful and so is their company .
 These mailers are horrible ! The ones I received from Royalmailers were like paper without bubbleThey are manufactured with the absolute minimum bubble and using cheap recycled paper .
 The picture looks very red , but what I got in the mail was more like a `` shocking Salmon '' . I had purchased this a few years ago and it does not match the product I received .
 I bought this for making greeting cards , but it is much too thin . The cardstock that I 've purchased at WalMart is much better quality at a similar price .
 I 'm not sure what people are supposed to do when ordering paper on-line ... But someone needs to come up with a system that normal people can understand . What the heck is `` CARD STOCK '' really supposed to be . To my way of thinking ... business card appropriate . That is not the case here ! Too light .
 Ugh ! I took a chance despite some negative reviews . It 's OK . It is definitely thicker than regular paper but I 've bought nicer cardstock at big box store . Wo n't buy this brand again .
 Libelle Illumina Blue w / L.E.D. Light Ballpoint Pen - LB-TW7139I wanted/want a pen that has a light on its point in addition to the ink barrel . This pen has -LRB- supposedly -RRB- a light at one end and the pen on the opposite end . That wo n't work for writing in the dark . In addition , this pen takes 4 batteries which cost $ 4 each . I get 20 hours out of my batteries , supposedly . That makes the number of batteries needed costing $ 0.80 / minute . I could telephone for less ! To top it off , while they also include in the box 4 replacement batteries ... all eight batteries are dead . I tried to find the battery locally and once I finally did -LRB- took two stores -RRB- they only had three.The pen is pretty . Maybe I should use it `` just to show . `` Really , really annoyed by all of this .
 Well , it is a note pad , but it looks like it has been sitting in a window for 5 years . The nice colors were all faded to the same shade of blue/grey with only a bright binding to show how it used to look . Office staff asked for nicer colors so we ordered these , but nothing could be more depressing and washed out looking . It is not worth the cost to ship it back , plus we need note pads to write on , so we will just have to make due ; however , they look terrible .
 I hated the product because I was under the impression that I was reciving a case of paper not just two reams for $ 30.00 . However , when I reported that I was disappointed - Amazon took care of the issue by refunding my monies . 5 stars to Amazon .
 I knew this was too good to be true . Check the shipping cost before you buy ! Two cases will end up costing you more than $ 100 !
 When I purchased this product It looked as though it was more than just one ream for the price . I only received one . When I called they said it was advertised for one , not if you read the ad closley .
 Avoid buying this product from Art Affinity . The description says a `` 12 Pack '' of tablets , but I received only a single tablet -- and ended up paying about five times what it would have cost at an office supply store . Not worth it .
 This supplier ran a bait and switch scam . . I would never ever recommend purchasing any item from them . Once they charge your credit card and have your funds they should be obligated to either send the order as promised or not charge your credit card at all . not make you wait and they use your money for a month or longer . . my review of this company . . the worst .
 Thank you for your reviews ! I was just about to order this `` deal '' when I investigated further and read your reviews . As for Discount Office Supplies , I discovered them recently and have used them for several purchases for our company . I have never had a problem with them and look forward to doing business with them in the future .
 Hello everyone , I got the same problem . As you can see , the item says that `` Case of 10 Reams '' . And I have ordered 5 Cases . Then what I have received is 5 -LRB- five -RRB- reams . It is totally illegal to sell thing like that , and you/customer , have the right to sue them.In your case , just call your CC company and toll them the problem , then you can get your money back because it is not right . If you have time , please sue them too.By the way , for those people do not have any experience with this small show , Discount Office Supplies , if you do not get the same problem as we are dealing with right now . Just do not try to purcharse something from them ; they might or might not send you the item as what they say on the web . By doing this , these shops like this could turn Amazon down very badly.Thanks , Hung .
 I ordered four of the above from Discount Office Supplies - 4 cases of paper at $ 3.70 each . The company sent 4 reams -LRB- thats alot less than the ordered 40 reams -RRB- . I called to ask where the rest of the paper was and they told me that they would honor their price on amazon and ship out the remaining paper.Two weeks later they THEN called me and notified me that they were now ` out of stock ' and that they had no idea if they would ever carry the paper again . I imagine that they did n't want to ship me the paper due to their pricing error - rather than honor the price -LRB- as they said they would -RRB- they just decided to ` sell-out ' the rest of the paper ... I plan on hounding them for as long as it takes until I get my paper.These folks are scammers . Do n't buy from them . It is n't my fault that they bungled the selling price - it is THEIR fault that they are defrauding their customers .
 This paper itself is the best general purpose laser paper , period . I 've used it for decades , upgrading to higher weights for special purposes . My review concerns the issues inherent to buying this item online , from Amazon or elsewhere.One should come up with a satisfactory explanation for why this item is n't offered Amazon Prime , before purchasing . -LRB- Just as , before buying headphones at a Bose store , one should come up with a satisfactory explanation for why the plug end of the cord is n't available to plug into one 's own source . I could tell you , but that would get us sidetracked . -RRB- Paper is notoriously difficult to ship without damage . Amazon is very good at packing shipments , and my guess is that they do n't offer this paper themselves because they ca n't competently package it . So instead they let a marketplace of sellers claim to be competent at packaging paper , without establishing or enforcing standards.I intentionally ordered six reams rather than ten , to reduce the temptation to simply slap a UPS label on the manufacturer case box , which I know from prior experience is n't a suitable outer box for UPS delivery to New York City . The manufacturer case box is designed for custom homogeneous shipments , stacked in a truck by someone experienced in shipping paper , for delivering to stores such as Staples . Being grouped with mixed packages for delivery by UPS in New York City is more like being thrown into central holding.So ReStockIt put six loose reams in an oversized outer box . The reams slid around and split open . The outer box itself split open . The return saga is a private horror , not appropriate to a public review , and still ongoing.If after this you dare order paper online , you will be in for a world of hurt if you let your responsibility for returns go anywhere beyond a refused shipment . Insist that UPS process your damaged package as a refused shipment , and refuse separate return labels provided by your seller . Insist that a proper procedure , simple to you , be followed.You might want to contact your seller in advance -LRB- there are many choices -RRB- to ask if they can competently package paper , and what order size will have the best luck . If you order a case , will they secure it in a larger box with adequate padding ? Be very clear that you will refuse shipment and accept no further responsibility for your order , if they can not competently package your order . In my experience this will have no effect on order packaging , but will strengthen your position after there are issues .
 Buyers beware - this product has changed from an excellent writing tablet to a very inferior paper product . Even though the item name and number are the same - different paper is now being used.I recently ordered a new bundle of these pads via Amazon . The paper now used in these pads is more of a toilet paper or newsprint consistency than finished notebook paper . Ink from my pen now bleeds badly across the paper as I write - and bleeds through to the next page in the pad . I went to the TOPS website and wrote the manufacturer two weeks ago - they have not yet responded . As the ink bleeds so badly , my fountain pens now empty quickly and it is very hard to read what has been written.Even though the price is the same -LRB- a premium price for what used to be a wonderful writing pad -RRB- - the paper quality now being used now appears to be a low form of recycled paper . This review is for the TOPS 63160 Prism Plus Legal Rule Writing Pads Letter Size , Pastel Grey , 50 sheets/pad , 12/pk .
 I have no clue what color I was sent , but it is not the pretty pink shown in the picure ! A total waste of money .
 The item picture is false and the item discription is a misrepresentation ! I assume that when customers purchase a legal pad with PINK sheets of paper they made their selectiion based principally on the COLOR ! In fact , I ordered these legal pads with PINK paper for the sole purpose of actually having legal pads with PINK colored paper . No abnormality I presume , at least as to individuals who purchase pink legal pads . This product , which is misrepresented by the seller as `` Legal rule writing pads , Letter , PASTEL PINK ... '' and again in the product discription as `` PASTEL PINK sheets , '' IS NOT ANY SHADE OR VARIETY OF PINK . The only part of the item that could be considered to be pink is the binding , and I assure you , the sheets ARE NOT PINK BY ANYBODY 'S INTERPRETATION OF THAT TERM AS USED IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE TO DENOTE A COLOR !! Additionally , the item pictured is VERY MISLEADING in that it is NOT AT ALL the product actually being sold . The photo misrepresentation of these legal pads as well as the title misrepresentation and the product discription misrepresentation vary from the actual product sold that it is not an unreasonable inference to conclude that they are INTENIONAL LIES MADE BY THE SELLER INTENDED TO MISREPRESENT THE OFFERED PRODUCT in my opinion -LRB- absent some circumstance of which I am unaware that would result in the seller 's inability to view the product he or she offeres and sells such as disability or some other factor -RRB-
 The color is really more of a green than a blue . The paper is also not a good quality paper . I am still looking for blue tablets .
 I ordered this based on information and appearance that seemed like pages were PALE-colored and color of `` steno-pad green , '' only to get a bright green `` pastel '' that hurts my eyes and is useless to me for writing on . Do not bother with these garish colors for real work , unless you are planning some artistic pusuit with them . The listing of `` Pastel '' is misleading -LRB- as is the picture -RRB- and JUST NOT TRUE ! I was VERY disappointed , and for the OUTRAGEOUS price one would expect something more PROFESSIONAL .
 I 'm new to the world of fountain pens , but I have to say that I am completely in love with my extra fine Lamy Safari . I bought this ink as a replacement for the cartridge that first came with my pen . I chose to purchase the Polar Black because not only will it not freeze -LRB- which I 'm not worried about -RRB- but it is bulletproof and lubricated . Maybe its because the ink is lubricated that I 'm having problems . I find that the ink feathers very badly . I am an art student and I use anything from notebook paper , to printer paper , to drawing paper - I find that this ink feathers no matter what . It actually makes my work look sloppy due to the very thick lines -LRB- which should n't happen with an ef nib -RRB- and the feathering that takes place.Although it may write smoother than the default ink cartridge that came with my Safari , I ca n't recommend this ink over it . Someone correct me if I 'm wrong . This may be all Noolder inks for all I know or just this particular type . I did purchase Blue-Black and Royal Purple from Noodlers so I will see then.I do like that Noodlers is an American based company and you get your monies worth because they fill it to the brim . I am slightly disappointed in this ink . I wish there was a way I could have tried it before purchasing because there is so much ink in one jar that even if I did like this it would last me close to a year . Hopefully the two other noodlers I purchased will perform better .
 Quality paper but it arrived unbundled in bulk . Some pads were
 Quality paper but it arrived unbundled in bulk . Some pads were
 Looking at this picture you would think that your getting a box of paper , SO I had to turn around and reorder me some more paper .
 I purchased the wrong paper ! I wanted paper without holes . I can not use this paper for everything that I need paper for . I ca n't believe that I actually ordered this paper !!! I chose this rating because I did not like the three hole punch paper.I would not recommend this paper to anyone .
 If you 're looking for the ones that are the same on the front and the back it 's not these . These are the same as the 99606 . When you try to use the `` back side '' you have the option of the red vertical lines on the right , WRONG , side or having the one inch blank gap on the bottom of the page . The older 63350 product was a mirror image on the back side making it usable . Very disappointed !
 20-lb paper is n't the quality I want to use for my newsletter , but it was advertised as ` great for presentations ' -- NOT ! This ream went in the trash !
 i searched for legal pads and this came up . these are small tiny pads . not worth the price . wish i had not purchased . would return but cost to ship makes it almost not worth it . waste of money .
 Up until I bought this machine , I 've had great experiences with Panasonic products . But this machine was a waste of money . It does have some good features such as a 2.4 GHz cordless phone , digital answering machine with some nice features . But the couple of good things do not out weigh the bad . This is a FAX machine after all . The print quality is poor for a machine in this price range . It has jammed when sending faxes from day one . Emails and calls to Panasonic did absolutely no good . The tech . people at Panasonic do n't even know one machine from the other . I was told I could turn an adjustment screw to fix the jamming . This machine does NOT have the screw I was told to adjust . Then I was told I may need to rotate the paper 180 degrees if it jams because of the cut of the paper . I wo n't bother to go into why that 's just plain ridiculous . My advice would be to stay away from this machine and Panasonic fax machines in general based on what I 've been reading . I 'll keep it for use as a phone/answering machine only because I do n't want to sell a piece of junk to someone else . As for a FAX machine , I 'm gon na buy a '' ` B'rother ' '' `` PPF2800 '' .
 I generally have had good experiences with Panasonic products so I thought I would be pleased with this fax machine . Instead , I had problems with both my original purchase AND its replacement.With both machines , I could not send any faxes ! When I would insert a document , I would hear a beep confirming that it sensed that paper was in place for transmission . When I dialed a number and it came time for the fax to be sent , the motor would make a sound yet my paper would not go through . I tried assisting the paper through by gently pushing it but it still did not work . I repeatedly got a `` Paper Jammed '' message . I am returning my replacement to get a fax machine of a different brand !
 I spent -LSB- ... -RSB- on a Panasonic phone . The store I bought it from had a 3 month return policy ... the problems with my phone started 3 months and 11 days after purchase . Panasonic are absolutely not there in support - their solution is to send the phone back to them for repair or they will send me a refurb -LRB- at my expense ... thanks a lot -RRB- . Meanwhile - my solution - BUY A NEW PHONE until they get around to returning mine to me ! Great ! Thanks ! Never again ...
 Unfortunately I have just passed the 6 month warranty period . The machine I have has just started exhibiting some of the problems mentioned in other reviews on this page . All Panasonic can do is refer me to a service center . I am so frustrated buy this machine that I will buy another brand unit . My machine tells me that the film is incorrectly installed and that the cover is open . Both of which are NOT the case . I strongly recommend a different model numer or different brand . Best of luck .
 This is a bad machine and the Panasonic help people are trying to avoid dealing with it . Do not buy it and if you feel like I do , do n't buy any panasonic products . I have spent many hours trying to fix this with the help desk . Staples where I purchased it will not take it back . Money wasted .
 I bought this machine 3 weeks ago and it worked fine . A few days ago , I started getting ALOT of static on the line , and the channel changer had absolutely NO EFFECT . Now , there is so much static on the line from the cordless phone I ca n't even hear my conversations . I called their `` help '' number and they just told me to bring it in for service . What a joke . They did n't even try and see what 's wrong . I guess they must get plenty of calls regarding this model . Save yourself the headache -LRB- and the money -RRB- and avoid this machine like the plague .
 I have had my Panasonic KX-FPG175 for about three years , used mainly as my in-home business answering machine and phone . Only occasionally was it called into service as a fax or copy machine - you know , `` save desktop space with our all-in-one magic bullet ! '' The unit developed a problem - a 1/4-inch wide no-print line appears on every page I try to print . This includes copies and incoming faxes . Evidently the out-going faxes arrive in good shape . I tried calling the help number on the unit and quickly learned that there was no help to be had . The person gave me the number of a repair store in another state to call . When I called them and described the problem , I was told that I would have to send it to them , and for about $ 80.00 they would look at it . They then suggested that I simply buy a new machine . Since the problem is in the print head -LRB- s -RRB- , -LRB- duh -RRB- , I asked that they simply send me a replacement part . Seems you are n't allowed to try and fix your own equipment -LRB- does anyone remember the old story of the Mercedes motorcars coming with their hoods closed to all but qualified Mercedes mechanics ? -RRB- So what I have decided to do is try and figure out how to use my computer and printer to send and receive faxes . If Panasonic is going to make disposable , unrepairable machines , I ca n't afford to take any more chances with their C -- P !
 After 12 months of problems with this all-in-one fax machine , i 've given up on trying to get it to work . So many calls with customer service with excuses of transmission problems or the reciever 's line is n't working properly that my only recoarse was to use the unit as a phone or printer . DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT !!
 This has a very flimsy cardboard backing , which makes writing on the pad -LRB- without putting it against a table or wall -RRB- difficult . My previous pads -LRB- from Publisher 's Supply Inc -RRB- were much better .
 Only bought because I wanted purple paper . It is really more of a gray color . The book itself is nice quality .
 I have this product , but when I purchased this notebook from your company , the paper was a differentshade of orchid . It was not the same shade . But , I will say , that I might have not purchased from youwhen I brought this product 6 months ago .
 I ordered two pads of this paper . It 's great paper.The problem is that Amazon packed the two pads very poorly . They were loose in a huge box -LRB- about 9 '' by 7 '' by 16 '' -RRB- , with only a few air-cushion packets -- not even close to enough to hold the pads in place during shipping . So the cardboard backing sheered off , and some additional pages sheered off the back as well.For the first time ever in the many years I 've been using Amazon , I have to contact them about damage in shipping , and it 's about such a silly item . But at $ 7 per pad , this is not acceptable .
 Paper quality and reinforcement is great ... however , not all of the holes are punched all the way through . Some you can poke and the paper pops out but others you have to re-punch and my hole punch does n't line up properly . Really slows you down when you 're trying to fill binders quickly . If they fix this slight glitch it would be a five star rating ... I would have returned the item but at this point I 'm in a time crunch .
 I ordered 2 packs of this paper from amazon.com . Unfortunately , the third hole is n't punched through on about half the sheets . Very time-consuming punching them yourself . I 've ordered this paper several times before with no problems . The reinforced holes are great .
 There were 8 stores with price from $ 3.03 to $ 5.29 each pack . I ordered 8 packs of $ 3.03 , and paid extra handling fee $ 8.82 . Delivery was very fast on next day than they promised for 4-6 days . But the package and the paper was different than what I saw on web and what I bought from Walmart before , The reinforce plastic is very weak . Very disappointed .
 Do n't buy this paper . It is NOT standard 81/2 x 11 , as they claim . It is 8 x 101/2 . What a waste of money .
 well basically i really wanted them to organize my desk , i dont know why but i was tricked by the picture i thought that the `` tray '' was the two layers stacked together . . i was very dissapointed four days and 13 bux later to find out i only had one part , its not even worth my time to return ill just have to go to office max myself to buy the other half , cuz im sure as heck not paying another 10 bux for a piece of plastic they make for pennies . . basically i just feel they should change the picture because the picture implies you are buying two , and would not be 5 dollars like they imply .
 I never received product . I was relying on the product for a project . I tried to contact the seller several times and never received an answer . I want to put 0 stars but the computer will not let me !!
 I inherited a stack of this before leaving for grad school -LRB- my mother was cleaning the closets . -RRB- I have to say that most cheaper store-brand filler papers are far better .95 % of readers are probably thinking right now that all filler paper is essentially the same , with slight variations in color and printing . Perhaps this is even true for 95 % of you.However , for reasons of legibility and comfort , I use a technical pen with black india to write equations , and a fountain pen -LRB- usually a Parker 45 -RRB- with Platinum brand carbon black ink for general writing . Both of these inks are more or less water-based but rather thick ; both are wicked -LRB- despite their thickness -RRB- by Mead filler paper to the point of near illegibility . Lines begin to blur together and letters become fuzzy and uncomfortable to read.This paper is fine for scratchwork , but for homework to be submitted or figures to photocopy , it 's terrible . On the upside , I do n't have to worry about smudges -- the mead paper even doubles rather well as blotting paper . Most store-brand filler papers I 've used seem to have a higher oil content and do n't wick ink nearly this well.If you only use pencil or gel/ballpoint pens Mead paper will suffice , but if you use rollerball , fountain , or other ink pens , pass this one over and get the generic stuff instead .
 Ok , you 're probably thinking all paper is mostly the same . Not really . Some brands have thicker paper than others , and some have smoother paper that make things messy . Let 's use Mead 's College Paper for an example.For pencil writing , this will do fine . Pencil are harder , and `` grab '' the paper easily , so you control your writing.For pens and markers , this paper is a nightmare . Pens seem to be hard to write with on the Mead college paper . They tend to go off , and lose track , making you have to write slowly so the pen wo n't go in different directions . Markers are the same.Fountain pens seem to leak through the paper , making things hard to read.This paper may do pretty well with roghdrafts , but for final copies , this paper is a nightmare .
 Foray office products are generally high quality ; however , I did not like these highlighters very much . I was eager to try this item , as the highlighters are far less bulky than many other popular brands . However , a number of problems quickly arose . First , the nibs are chisel-tipped , so you have to position them precisely in order to highlight large text . They 're better suited for people who prefer fine point highlighters . The tops snap closed nicely ; however , when in use , the caps do not stick on the non-nib end of the pen very well.In addition , the purple highlighter 's ink is far too dark - making it almost impossible to see even dark black text when highlighted . The blue highlighter was also a bit too dark , although useable . Finally , the yellow highlighter 's ink is actually too light . So in the end , I really only liked the pink , orange , and green colors , but it 's somewhat problematic using these three rather bright colors for major highlighting jobs . All in all , I do n't recommend these highlighters for everyday use .
 I purchased these pens for my college studies . Out of the whole pack I only have the pink left . And unfortantly it 's not because I used them alot . My orange blew up , and the other colors just stopped working . No matter how hard I tried I could n't get them to work . I love the idea , but wo n't be purchasing this brand again .
 The Foray highlighter pens look like they are full of liquid ink . This is not true . The only ink in the pen is were the little window is , the rest is just air . It is designed to be deceptive.It looks like the pen is full of ink and if you cut into it the ink would leak out but this is not true . If you cut it in half where it says Foray you will find out thats not true.Go ahead , take a new one and cut it in half , right through the R of Foray . Do n't worry , no ink is going to come out.As you will see when you have cut it there is a wall inside . The only part with ink in is the little bit where the window is.So you purchase a pen that LOOKS like it is full of ink but only one inch of the pen has highlighter ink , the rest is all air . Thats why they run out so fast.A deceptive marketing scam.There is a good side . You can play a trick on a friend by telling betting them a dollar that that you can chop a new Foray marker in half without the ink coming out . The case is tough so I use a pair of bolt cutters.Often the person accuses me of making a special pen for the stunt . So then I raise them to $ 5 , and we use there pen .
 I got this puzzle to give as a gift and was very excited about it . However , the puzzle I actually received is not the one pictured ! The one I received is from 1994 and only shows the presidents up through Bill Clinton and has blank spaces where Presidents Bush and Obama would be . Otherwise the puzzle looks great , but I 'm disappointed that it is n't as up-to-date as the picture makes it appear .
 And trust me , i 've had some bad phones . The sounds quality is horrible . It sounds like the person you are talking to is in a tin can about 5000miles away . The answering machine has even worse quality . I have 15 messages and I have no idea who they are from . Save yourself the trouble , never buy this phone .
 I have been using certificates in my business for years , and have never had a problem with them jamming in the printer until I purchased this product . I have been buying the Geographics brand for years , so I do not know why I am having such trouble with these .
 This telephone is worthless as a speaker phone . If you have any ambient noise on your end -LRB- for example a computer fan -RRB- you can barely hear the other side of the call while using the speakerphone . People on the other end of the call complain they ca n't hear me . The only way the caller on the other end is satisfied with the sound is if I pick up the entire speakerphone and bring it up to my mouth to talk!Save your money and the aggrivation of having to take this one back to the store you bought it at .
 This sharpener is a piece of junk . The batteries are n't powerful enough to keep the blades all but barely moving when you insert a dull pencil and it completely stops when you insert an unsharpened pencil . I absolutely DO NOT recommend this product and I sure wish I had n't given it as a present .
 Perhaps this glue would be alight if it were new , but the tube I received is probably five years old . The glue that came out after some intense squeezing had the consistency of silicon glue and had the adhering power of mucus . Elmer 's needs to stick to their white glue but not with this glue . -LRB- Pun intended -RRB-
 They do n't mention this anywhere in the product description , but this is n't regular tissue paper . It is `` bleeding art tissue paper '' . That means the tissue paper bleeds colors all over everything .
 It 's my fault - I did n't read the reviews until it was too late . Nowhere in the listing does it state that this is `` Bleeding Art Tissue '' with colors that `` blend when moistened to create exciting artistic effects . '' Tried to use this to wrap 400 roses for high school seniors and ended up with stained tabletops and unsightly multicolored -LRB- looked like stained -RRB- tissue paper around the roses .
 Certainly NOT bold and certainly DO NOT ERASE ?!?!? What 's the point in dry erase markers that take nail polish remover to remove and STILL leave faint shadows or marking . Bought these for a kids dry erase table ... VERY DISAPPOINTED . Would n't let me leave 0 stars ... 1 star is generous .
 I was not impressed with these markers at all . They are definitely not `` Bold '' and they do n't erase . I tried dry erasing as well as using white board cleaner . Neither will remove what I wrote with these markers .
 I purchased these with excitement about finding bolder colors than the expo brand I have always used . The bic markers are horrible . Not bold at all ! They are as faint as the Expo brand when they are so worn that I replace them.I opened the new package and started with the blue one , I used each one making just a few lines and I am still stunned at how faint the writing was . Unbelievable !! These markers are horrible . I do n't think I could say enough bad about them.If you want a dry erase marker that is so faint you ca n't read it from a few feet away than these are for you . If you want to be sorely disappointed with a complete lack of color and `` boldness '' than by all means purchase these.Before you go through what I have , read all the reviews and do not purchase these , it is a waste of time and money . If they were free I would not take them .
 I bought a dry erase calender to organize my life and make it easier these are the 1st markers I have used , and now they will probably always have their mark on my brand new calendar . That I was looking forward to using for many years . I tried a dry cloth 1st , then concentrate Windex , then foaming window cleaner , then bleach water . There are still marks and I need to write the new month in . I 'm still going to try to get the marks off wish me luck . I 'm going to need it . DON `` T BUY THESE unless you want to buy a new dry erase board .
 This is totally my fault , but I 'm still not happy about what happened . I purchased these markers as a lost-cost alternative to the Crayola dry erase pens in my son 's Activity Board . Well , instead of testing on a small area first , we just sat down and played a game of dots . When my son went to erase a drawing , we then realized that the marker would n't erase !!! So we ruined a brand-new Activity Board . $ 20 down the drain .
 Very flimsy and not as attractive as the picture . The ribbon is not long enough for many hardcover books .
 I bought these as part of a package Amazon was offering with the Dymo Turbo 400 printer . Totally useless unless you need a lot of return labels . You are better off buying mailing labels . That way you can print both your address and the person you are sending it to on the same label .
 After waiting a month to receive these labels , I found that the Dymo Labelwriter Trbo400 will not print with these labels because they do not have the black markings on the back of the label strip . The LabelWriter Turbo400 will only print on Dymo Labels with the black squares on the back . Not sure how to tell which Dymo labels have the squares or not , but these ones definitely do not !
 When you see it , you think you 'll get a pad in one tone -LRB- I asked mine to be black -RRB- . It turns out the pad has a space picture I was not expecting -LRB- it 's not ugly , though but it is not my choice of design -RRB- . The back of the pad sticks to the surface so it remains fixed while you are moving the mouse , which runs swiftly on it only for a while . After some months the surface somehow gets hairy and the mouse does n't roll the way it should.The pad material is different to what you might expect . The pad overall is very light so it is good to use it with laptops you have to carry around from one place to another.It is also very soft , the pillow is covered with a silky fabric and for the sake of my wrist I would have prefer it to be bulkier and harder
 This gel mousepad with wristrest is pretty hard on the wrist , you really have to press hard to get it to conform to the shape of your wrist , is is n't very comfortable . The gel is made from plastic polymers and it has an odour of plastic , it is not washable so it gets dirty and stays dirty . You ca n't replace the gel packs if it gets a leak . There are better mousepads with gel wristrests out there .
 Wristpad seemed to comeunglued far to soon to be considered normal wear , and mousing surface was dificult to clean it hold onto the dirt with its textured surface.I just couldnt suggest anyone else spent $ 15 on a mousepad that isnt going to last them .
 I bought this pad originally for my Intellimouse explorer mouse.Using the Intellimouse with this pad is a joy for a short while . A week later and my Mx500 arrived . . this is where the problem started . I noticed the pointer moves in random directions when you move the mouse slowly . I thought that this was because the mouse had some tiny scratches on it . So i cleaned it and used it again . . no luck.Today i went to staples to have it exchanged for a similar mousepad . To my dismay , the pointer still goes awry if you move the mouse slowly if used with a Mx500 mouse . So if you have a logitech mx controller . . proceed with caution .
 Do n't get me wrong , I love Amazon and do most of my shopping here.This paper is amazing and I use hundreds of pieces a month for my art store and I have ordered this paper many times from Amazon.HOWEVER , The last 4 times I 've ordered , it has come with severely bent edges . I 've complained , sent it back ect ect ... and still , It comes ruined.Don ' t waste your time buying this product from Amazon . It 's a bit cheaper on Epson 's site anyways .
 I only gave it 3 stars because it would n't let me question this without giving a star . It does not state the weight of the paper . What is the weight of the paper . This is very important to me .
 This is listed as photo quality paper . It is not . It is a heavier grade of inkjet paper with a decent brightness rating , but it does not produce photo quality prints . Whether glossy or matte , as this item is listed , photo paper implies a certain level of color and resolution ; the print I made as a test run has the `` washed '' appearance and lacks vibrance in the colors , typical of general use printer paper . It is a nice quality paper for printing more durable documents for presentations -LRB- as it states -RRB- but I needed photo paper . If you want good , photo quality prints
 This is not Photo Paper . As a matter of fact on the package I got it says : `` Presentation Paper Matte Formerly Photo Quality Paper '' It 's about as thick as regular paper and has no gloss . Only thing I can think of is that is a little bit better quality than regular paper .
 I discovered the brilliance of Epson Presentation Paper a few years ago when printing wedding programs for my brother and his bride . Truly , the coated paper makes a difference in the final product versus regular cardstock . However , for this particular project I needed a legal sized sheet , and thought I was buying a heavier coated cardstock as I typically do . I was mistaken . This paper is super thin - it almost seems thinner than regular copy paper even . Perhaps they product description listed the paper 's weight , but I 'll be honest , I was so focused on the size of the paper I neglected to pay attention to the weight . So do not buy if you are looking for a cardstock thickness . Buy Epson 's Premium or Ultra Premium paper ...
 This EPSON Photo Quality paper is legal sized , 8 '' x 14 '' , coated one-side , 27 lb. , ink-jet paper stock.It is thin photo stock - only printable on one `` coated '' side , then follow directions for extremecare of the prints ... For a fellow looking for quick production , sturdy photos , this stuff will never do.It is very flimsy photo paper .
 This is the exact opposite of what I had intended to order . This paper comes with a matte finish , even though the web site claims to that it has a glossy , `` photo-quality '' finish . I am extremely disappointed . I am having to extend a few deadlines because of this error .
 I thought I was getting a package of 12 . To ship one pencil is ridiculous.It 's interesting , because I buy alot from Amazon and have told alot of people about you . But someone should have beeb thinking . I was contacted about the mistake , and person was very nice to refind my money . I will continue to shop Amazon before anywhere else . I love you guys .
 Have wasted almost an entire pack trying to print on my HP Deskjet 3520 . HP said the roller is n't accurate in feeding due to the glossy side and there was not a fix yet . Other than to try and feed manually thru printer . Even tho I tweaked software in every program I used ; they simply did n't work for me . Think I 'll avoid the glossy stuff .
 I have used numerous Avery products and been hapy with them but these `` print to the edge '' do not totally match up with the template so do n't print well AND the other side is glossy and can not be printed ... that should be noted on the package as `` one side print '' as I knew I wanted to ptint on the back when I bought them . Avery does not curently have a 2-sided edge printed card available . I will say the do tear apart nicely.I have an HP printer - a previous reviewer said it was an HP issue - HP said they were n't aware of an issue with their roller .
 I was trying to order business card which I could print on both sides . When I searched on the `` Avery 8859 '' several items showed up which led me to beleave that they were all 8859 . They were NOT!So when I got my shipment and found that I had the wrong item I had to go through the process of returning it and then sourcing the Avery 8859 from somplace else.Amazon was very misleading with the way the items where displayed .
 It shipped in a box for its protection . Was it mangled before it was put in the box , I doubt it ?
 These items were purchased and never received , now that it has been more than 30 days . !!! Buyer beware !!
 Poorly made . Started to come unglued at seams after a couple weeks . Bits of foam falling off . Garbage . Waste of money .
 I got this to replace the my current mouse pad , which is -LRB- supposedly -RRB- exactly the same model . I bought my old one back in early 1999 , it is well used , has seen better days , but still has plenty of life left in it . My old one has soft gel that conforms to your wrist and flexes when you move your wrist . This one does not . It is very hard gel and has a lower profile than the older one . Technically , it does provide wrist support , but so can a brick . The mousing surface actually is softer , but that it a moot point , and it is thinner , which gives a lip at the edge of the pad . Actually , the pad is softer than the gel , pathetic . BTW , the old one was made in USA , this one is made in China . Sad , sad , sad replacement and I will be returning it.Oh , and to the reviewer that compared it to uncooked steak
 This wrist rest is too firm . I kept it but should have returned it .
 If you buy this do not expect to get it in a box , plastic or manufacturer wrapping , it comes with nothing , just the gel pad . Also it was shipped in a thin one ply bubble envelope , and the plastic was cracked ! This was supposed to be a gift , but EXTREMELY disappointed now and have to return it ! :-LRB- You , Amazon , should be ashamed of yourself !
 Its is nothing what I expected and took forever to get to me . I had to write my thank you notes out on regular thank you cards .
 The color is fine the quality is OK . One can create a beautiful card , only to find that it falls apart , as you try to fold it ! I ended up using scotch tape to hold the card together . There are many other products that produce beautiful cards and fold very nicely . I would not purchase this again .
 I 'm not sure why nobody else said anything about how easily these cards come apart . Images do print great on this paper and it 's of good quality , but unless I want my cards to fall apart this paper does not work for me . I am not satisfied with this product .
 I have always been pleased with the Avery Greeting cards I 've received from Amazon until this time . The cards smell as if in an old storage place and the seal on the envelopes are stuck already . I 'm very displeased with this order . I needed the cards when I ordered them , or I would have sent them back . I noticed a date on the card box as 04/28/11 , which is way passed when I ordered them , if that makes a difference?K
 These labels were advertised with the Seiko Label Printer . They did not work with the printer because the printer requires thermal labels . I sent these labels back to Amazon and they promptly refunded my money .
 I ordered 3 boxes of these labels -LRB- 30252 -RRB- from Amazon -- NOT from a cooperating supplier . The packaging looked to be a genuine DYMO product . The DYMO logo appears on every side of the box , and you are urged to contact DYMO for postage.The package I received looked exactly as pictured on the Amazon site.The labels themselves , however , lack black squares on the reverse side of the label tape . My recently purchased LabelWriter 450 -- and possibly other LabelWriters -- refuse to print on labels that lack these black squares.While I am not happy that DYMO locks its customers into buying their expensive labels , I am also not happy that Amazon shipped me counterfeit -LRB- ? -RRB- `` DYMO '' labels that will not work in my LabelWriter 450 . I suppose it is possible that DYMO added the black squares `` feature '' recently , and the labels I received were out-of date . Either way I have labels that simply do NOT work.For more information on the `` black squares '' issue , See Answer # 1 at the Global.DYMO website on the page -- > / enAU/Troubleshooting/LabelWriter _ Duo.html
 I had bought this product form this supplier a few times , I usually bough in advance so I would not run out on projects.Well shame on me for not opening the stupid box or thoroughly examing it within 30 days and trusting the embysols to do their correctly . RRRRRRRRRRRRRRYeah I ordered two boxes , when I went to use them I discovered one was the wrong one size , boxes looked correct and were same size , but one was double the width and it was more than 30 days since i had received it . So I contacted the supplier after several emails they said one box one was wrong and to go through Amazon for returning it.So I went through Amazon the contacted the supplier and yeah you got the supplier told Amazon it had been more than 30 days so they would not authorize a return or an exchange . Now I am stuck with a box of stupid worthless labels as far as my needs go and out the money as well.As far as i know these idiots did not have the right ones on the shelf and decided to ship the wrong one hedging that I would overlook it and would not notice until it was too late since I bought two boxes , well guess what they were right and I got screwed.Use a different supplier , because these people are lowlife scum bags and need to be run out of business and the only way for that to happen is for everyone on here to boycott them .
 I tried this product and liked it very much , but tried to call Avery to gather more information and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs !!! If you call Avery 's Consumer Service Center -LRB- 1-800-462-8379 number listed on their web site as Brea , California -RRB- you will be given several choices of support all of which route you to their customer , product , and software staff in Manilla , Philippines.I wanted to get more information on where their products are manufactured . The operator I spoke with and her supervisor both assured me that all Avery products are made in the U.S.A. in Brea , California , but some of the raw materials may be from other countries . They were unable to route me to anyone in Brea to confirm this information . After examining the packaging I have I found a sticker that said `` Made in Mexico . '' Other Avery products I have say either Mexico or China . None say U.S.A.I am very hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with their products . ************************************************** My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the `` Consumer Service Center '' in Manilla : I have used sharpie pens on all my well-used file folders and decided to try these file folder labels by Avery . I was surprised how well they blocked out the old hand-written tabs with clean new labels . The TrueBlock Technology is simply a silver backing on the sticky side of the label.As for the templates , I downloaded the Avery 8366 template for MS-Word on Avery 's website , but was disappointed that I could not get the text to center on the label when I increased the text to a legible size . So , I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0 . It took some time to download and install , but well worth the time . The wizard was easier to use than the template . It comes with a few colorful graphics to make your labels interesting . I was able to use a big text size and center the text vertically and horizontally.Once I had my labels printed out , it was easy to peel and place the labels right in the file drawers , and I had a whole file drawer of easy-to-read folder tabs.A couple side notes . 1 -RRB- Avery required that you give them your name and email for downloading a simple template which I did n't like . In addition during the Avery Wizard 4.0 install there is a box automatically checked to also install the Avery `` Ask '' toolbar and make it your default search engine . You can easily uncheck it , but rather tricky of Avery to set as the default to install additional software on your computer . 2 -RRB- If you try and remove the label on your file folders , they do not easily release and you 'll peel off some of your file folder with the label.Again , this may be a useful product , but very disappointing that Avery continues to outsource all their customer support and manufacturing !
 I was pleased to receive these as I had filing to do . I printed out a sheet of file labels , and then applied them to file folders I was re-using . I was extremely disappointed as I could see the writing right through the label , making for a very messy look . NOT recommended at all . I had to go buy new labels ...
 The labels do not work well with the printer and come unstuck in the printer works . I would not buy again .
 This product is NOT original , not for and sort of label printer . The labels do not have the markers on the back so the label writer can judge where it is . The labels had brown glue strung of the surface of the labels -LRB- even the labels that where closer to the middle.NOT HAPPY not convinced my money will be refunded , UNTRUSTWORTHY DO NOT BUY FROM !
 I 've used these for several years , but the most recent batch is not good . These things used to peel off like a heavy duty post-it note in one piece . This batch takes the top layer off the cardstock , leaves bits of label , and generally makes a mess .
 The paper was way too thin . It was thinner than standard 70lbs paper.I was disappointed because for the size I bought -LRB- A2 -RRB- , I was expecting a thicker paper than the regular fax paper . The product arrived on time and well packed .
 If I would have known how &#34; cheap &#34; it is ... . I would not have paid that money for it ... I MAYBE would have paid $ 5 TOPS ... . but it is probably worth about $ 1 - $ 2 ... seems like it is something you would find in a dollar store -- feels like it is made out of a tin can and can pretty much be bent easily . I did n't open it and put it together because it 's a gift , but I am sure it will be just as cheap looking put together : /
 this item was packaged poorly it was made so cheap that i was very unhappy . it does , nt really move much at all because its on stiff rod that won , t even stay up right . if u buy this u will be sad that u did
 I lost a lot of money with this quirky little chaotic doohickey . I 'm going back to the dependable Ouiji Board -- it never fails . Even the 8-ball makes better decisions IMHO .
 Ca n't say much about this product , because it was never delivered . My credit card was credited back after a week , with no explanation .
 The Avery review states that this kit includes the `` Avery -LRB- R -RRB- CD/DVD label applicator '' . It does not . It also states that it contains `` jewel case insert labels '' . It does not . It has 50 CD labels & 100 jewel case spine labels only . Either they sent me the wrong item or the Avery review is from another item .
 The item arrived in due time , but it was for just the labels and spines . There were no jewel case inserts and no software . Very disappointed that the vendor has n't corrected this issue by now .
 This item says software is included but it is not . I purchased this item to print the cover for a jewel case and what I got was labels for the cd and case with no sofware . Worth absolutely nothing without the software . Someone at Amazon.com needs to get this straightened out . NO STAR !
 I had such high hopes for this iron-on labeler tape so I am very dissapointed . I have two kids in preschool so I need to label everything , and I have n't found a way to use permanent markers to write neatly and without bleeding through the garment , and I 'm not really good with a needle and thread , so this iron-on labeler tape seemed like the perfect solution . Each label went on fine with no lifted edges or anything that indicated there 'd be trouble . But after the very first wash , ALL OF THE LABELS FELL OFF . I tried them on a variety of clothing - denim , khakis , cotton t-shirts , cotton thermal shirts , and I waited to wash the items until a day after application to allow it to `` set up '' ... but each and every label came off on the very firstg wash . I just wasted $ 20 .
 My 97 year old grandmother lives in a nursing home so I bought this tape to label the new clothes I bought for her . The other tags that were available online looked like it would take a really long time to get so I opted for this option since I already owned a Brother label maker . The reviews here also looked very promising.A few days ago , I created five labels and followed the directions -LRB- e.g. , made sure I pressed very firmly over a thin cloth on top of the label with the iron for 30 seconds -RRB- . I washed the clothes to test how well the labels stayed on and after the first wash , the labels are already peeling off on the sides . I do n't have time to test the other labels that are available on the market so I am going to try to sew the corners of the label down for now.Since I have n't tried the other tags/labels available on the market , I ca n't say that this is worse or better . I 'm disappointed , however , with this product and will not recommend this to anyone who wants to label clothes for someone in the nursing home or `` sleep away '' camp . It might work for someone if he/she will be doing the laundry and can monitor the tags after each wash .
 Not sure what the issue was but each time I printed a sheet of labels for my baby shower invites , the ink smeared ! I have a new 3-in-1 HP printer and the ink would not dry to the labels . Other than that I love the clear look and they are very easy to peel off and they make the envelopes look neat and crisp . If anyone has any suggestions on what I may have done wrong ... please let me know ! I tried different settings and nothing worked !
 My hp printer does n't read the sheets right so it misaligns them . i tried a few times and they all got ruined . They print perfect on regular paper but not on the labels.I called Avery and they know about the issue . they are sending a replacement in the mail , but that does n't really help me since they dont work !
 These labels peel easily off of plastic film , but beyond that they tear and leave a residue on everything else . If you are wanting something with an easy peel , get something else .
 I purchased these labels , assuming they are the best . Well , when I got them home , they constantly got jammed in my HP printer . I 'd have to open the back of the printer after each page to get the 2 or 3 labels that have become lodged inside my printer . It always grabs the 2 or 3 labels on the left hand side of the page . This also was a problem in my wifes printer , and my father in law 's printer . All HP 's . Now , maybe there is a problem with HP , but considering that they have so many printers on the market , you 'd think that Avery would design a label that would n't come off in these printers . I called Avery to complain , and they sent me 10 sheets of free labels , but guess what ... they also got stuck inside my printer . I found another company `` wilson jones '' that sells the same sized labels that do not get stuck . The funny think is that there is the wording `` Labels Wo n't Jam '' on the front of the Wilson Jones lables .
 I have a similar piece from fellowes unfortunately the mouse is bit lower than keyboard . I have carpal tunel syndrome problem and thats the whole reason I bought this.My Doctor advised to have the keyboard and mouse height should be exactly at the elbow . That is forehand and hand should make a right angle at the elbow . People do use mouse a lot now a days and this design does n't help . I do n't have anything against it but this is just a point to be pondered before purchasing this .
 The is a packet of 5 x 8 index cards . I thought I was going to get 250 for $ 5.06 . Instead there 's a measly 25 very thin pieces of paper that can barely be considered `` cards . ''
 I found this product to be less durable than a fisher price toy ! When it rains the whole cabinet fills with water . Not recommended if you are looking to use it outdoors .
 Ugly , cheap plastics , Very bad fit and finish . The inside trays have a great deal of flex . The top plastic has a great degree of flex . The door struggle to close if you place anything over the cabinet . This product is a failure in every sense .
 I do n't usually write such negative reviews , but if I had known these refills were going to be so poor , I would never had ordered them . They do n't write at all unless you are holding the pen at well over a 45 degree angle to the paper .
 My lefty son , who can write but has some dexterity issues , found this very awkward to use .
 Purchased this item ... read materials before I plugged it in ... ca n't shred staples , envelopes or labels !! Could n't believe it !! Took it back and ordered a different brand ... will read warnings before I purchase next item and make sure it shreds all of the above and more ... Hope this helps ...
 This mousepad is grammatically incorrect . It should say Why Santa Uses Reindeer , no apostrophe . This is elementary English here people , and it 's pathetic this was marketed without somebody realizing it .
 Upon receipt of my paper I knew immediately that something was wrong . The package was no longer a nice rectangular form but , an ugly ovular shape with what looked like tire marks across it . Sure enough , the paper was almost completely folded in half ... worthless -LRB- especially at over a dollar a sheet -RRB- . For improper packaging -LRB- to reduce the chances of such a situation -RRB- I give one star . For customer service and quickly working to refund my money I rate two stars.This is not the place to buy paper .
 This glue performs as advertised as a `` professional strength '' product . It produces a very strong adhesive bond between the gaps . It does bubble while drying but is tolerable since its performance is good . One critical issue that lowered my enthusiasm to a 1-star is the glue dries up quickly after opening . I 've tried covering it with a plastic shield between the cap and the bottle but did n't help . The whole bottle completely dried up within 3 weeks after the 1st open .
 I bought this phone hoping it would be similar in quality to the polycom soundstation phones we use at work . It was not.When I use the phone , I often can not hear the first half sentence of the other party when they begin speaking . They complain that I sound like I am in a huge room , and ca n't hear me if I get more than a foot from the unit.I am most disappointed .
 I purchased this phone thinking it was similar to the SoundStation 100 , the difference being this one is newer , sleeker , and cheaper ... I was wrong.The sound quality is terrible . I could not hear a person speaking from a handset without clipping . When I spoke , others said it sounded like I was in a tunnel , or very far from the mic . This was in a room about 10x12 . They said it is for small rooms ... Like a closet perhaps?I am going to step up to the SoundStation 100 ... Which has much better reviews . I 'll review it there ...
 This phone was WAY under my expectations based on my experience with the SoundStation at work . This phone was as bad as the junker i 've had in my closet for years that cost no more than $ 30 at WalMart.My main complaints : * I was frequently told that I sounded like I was in a tunnel . * The initial part of what I said when I spoke was clipped . * And the phone would chirp every few minutes for no apparent reason.Do not waste your money on this phone .
 Item did not work . I have returned it . The unit did not power on and we really needed it for a meeting .
 The machine is adequate . People on the other side of the call tell me it still sounds like I am in a tunnel . When I received machine I mailed in the warranty card which was returned to me noting that the address on the warranty card was no longer active . That told me I must have an old model . I attempted to reach Polycom cusomer service on several occassions merely to get an address to send the warranty card , but their phone system made me go through 8 voice mail screens and still , no live person . I gave up and threw the machine away .
 Length :
 The big thing wrong with this pad you ca n't see in the picture - the cushioned wrist rest is not continuous across the width of the unit , there is a diagonal split midway such that my right wrist lands right in it . I would suspect that everyone else 's would as well . It appears to be done purely for appearance as I see nothing function about it . If you google the manufacturer 's part number L36822US you can find a better picture of it at the Kensington website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- .
 This wrist rest has a split down the middle with a very hard wedge just below it . My wrist ends up on the hard wedge most of the time if I position it for use with a mouse . There seems to be no reason for this awkward and poorly functional design except to show off the word `` Kensington . '' Also the foam eventually settles down and gives no support whatsoever . If it were designed without the split and wedge area , I would give it two more stars , but it 's not . I wo n't buy another one now that the foam on this one has compressed .
 First of all , the item you recieve is n't even the one in the photograph representing it ! It is very different looking product , with the same dimensions , I guess . Kind of astonishing ... The wrist rests are two big roundish , lumpish type things , and there is n't a separate mousing surface as implied in some other photos of this product , just a long piece of cheap particle board . Search the product number -LRB- K62820US -RRB- for a more accurate depiction.I 'm glad it 's worked for other people , but I do n't find it comfortable at all ... I do n't get it . It is n't memory foam or `` gel '' , it 's just some relativly hard , and presumably cheap , foam . Someone else posted that the pads were too `` high '' or something . It 's not that they are too high , they just do n't compress under your wrist 's weight . You have to actually push into the stuff to get it to move . It 's better than the edge of a desk , I guess , but not by much . My wrist 's still feel fatigued , and circulation feels restricted.I 'm so disappointed in this product that I 'm reluctant to try again ... Maybe the best bet would be to build my own . How much would a strip of dense , comfy memory foam and a slice of particle board cost ? Seems simple enough to me ... Sigh ... who designed this abomanation !?
 Tray is a cheap , lightweight fiberboard product with wrist cushions attached . No anti friction surface on the tray hence the keyboard can shift on you when typing . Six anti friction `` feet '' glued to the back side of the tray . All but one fall outside the dimensions of my under surface pullout tray.My existing Kensington Sports tray is a Mercedes by comparison . Heavy plastic base with an anti-friction applicae surface and a weighted gel filled fabric wrist pad.Too bad the fabric on the wristpad is wearing thru . But I think I 'll come up with a way to recover it and return this piece of junk.There 's simply no weight or stability designed into this product . I thought Kensington produced high quality products but apparently not .
 I ordered this wrist rest to replace an older Kensington version . The one I previously had was a single rest pad piece . This particular one has a separation in the wrist pad . It was very comfortable , but my right wrist kept falling in the gap as I was typing and moving my hand back and forth to the mouse . It became more irritating to use than comfortable , so I did not continue to use it . I did like the platform because it would have been very easy to keep clean .
 I have used a similar product at the office and wanted something like it for home . But this is sooo much bigger than I imagined . Just measured my keyboard -LRB- 17 '' -RRB- and the Kensington platform -LRB- 27.5 '' -RRB- . It just takes up way tooo much space .
 I 've been experiencing the dreaded symptoms of carpal tunnel & decided I needed to quickly remedy the situation . I 've just been using a regular , cheap , mouse pad without any padding . I like to simplify , so after carefully reading over the reviews , chose this product . It arrived today , & I 'm telling you the truth , my wrist was on it for mere minutes when it began aching & burning . The padding is just too hard , not at all soft like the advertisement said -- the rolled sock I 'd been using felt better . And I was disappointed that the platform was some sort of hardwood that prevented the mouse from rolling smoothly . I 'm sending it back for a refund .
 We have this phone for two month now . After one month we started to hear a lot of background noice . Today it went dead . Not worth the money .
 This phone looks nice but after 30 seconds on phone you get static . Would not recommend ... very disapointed in product .
 This phone is actually a piece of junk . Far worse than I had imagined a simple phone could be . The wire that plugs into your phone jack is not very long , but it is also attached to the phone so it is impossible to simply replace it with a longer cord.When trying to carefully open the battery box , which is very tight with an un-flexible opening , half of the portion of the clip closure snapped right off.The window for caller ID is the smallest I have ever seen on any phone . And the very worst of all is the ring which is the most horrible tinny sound!I bought it as a back up landline phone after the Sandy storm , as all other phones I have are cordless and require being plugged in to the electricity . So I kept this awful little phone and put it in the closet . I will take it out only if I need it in an emergency . Was ' t worth the cost of a return . Do n't buy it !
 I ordered this product 3 times ... the first two times I received the product , it was `` cracked '' in two critical areas . I was sent a new replacement each time ... by the third time ... the `` quality of the item '' was still `` very , very poor . '' I got tired of sending the old back and so on and so forth ... and I just kept the `` broken product . '' I would not recommend this product to any one ... first off of the very poor quality , second of all the `` foot print '' it takes on your working desk , and lastly due to the quality of the product ... it will `` fall apart '' before you get full use out of it ... is it worth the $ 30 I paid ??? ... no ... no ... no . Please , save yourself alot of trouble ... do n't purchase it .
 The copyholder is big , flexible , and heavy as desired but Fellowes failed to engineer this properly so that all the knobs would stay attached to the product . EVERY SINGLE TIME I try to adjust this copyholder the parts fall off of the copy holder and I have to hunt them down . I 'm either going to have to return it or superglue all the knobs in to place which would make it non-flexible . This is a terrible design and I ca n't see ever buying a Fellowes product again .
 Where do I start ? I bought the `` Used-mint '' copyholder from `` rom1616 . '' When I got it , the box was collapsing , there was no packing inside , and knobs and nuts and parts were lying in the bottom of the box . The pivoting arm and base were cracked in several places . The weights in the bottom of the base were loose and partially hanging out of the bottom as though it had been dropped . I could n't get any of the parts to tighten up as the screws had been stripped out . The sliding ruler was missing completely -LRB- one of the parts I truly needed -RRB- . When I tried to stand it up , the copy tray and rotational arm flopped forward exposing the multiple cracks in the plastic where the base and arm join . I have never been this disgusted over a purchase of an office item . Unfortunately , there was not an option for rating this product of `` no star . '' In my opinion , either do not buy this product or do not buy from rom 1616 . A nightmare I do not wish to visit again .
 This paper is not suitable for photo printing - it is very thin , and the product description is very confusing , as it states that it is `` photo-quality . '' The coating may be photo-quality , but paper weight is definitely not . I printed a test picture on this paper , and it wrinkled . I can only use it for large text printouts .
 I read the reviews but put more weight on the higher star ratings than the lower , I guess , and I was wrong . And at 25-cents a sheet it 's not a very good value , either . Nowhere is the weight of the paper given , so I 'd just assumed it was at least 20 # , but it 's much thinner than that . It 's also a rather dull paper , not `` white '' which is not a big problem just an observation . I 'll use this because it 's here , but will probably use standard 24 # 11x17 copy paper for most of my printing -LRB- posters and such -RRB- or buy from a local print shop . This is much too thin to use for handouts , however it will be fine to mount on poster board for school projects .
 This paper , although stated as a good quality paper is not good for presentations.The fact that it is VERY think makes it very easy to be damaged.The slightest movement of the paper when placing it in the paper feed slot can easily dentthe photo . If you are looking to print stuff that you do not really care about so much thanthis paper is for you . If you are looking to print photographs that you may want to look goodthan DO NOT USE THIS PAPER . Use a 5 star rated paper . I have about 100 pages now of paper that Ido not want . The box states that this paper is thick , but it is not . And when comparing it to otherpapers the Premium papers are much better and more worth your money to buy .
 jam all the time in a Brother printer MFC J67100 , occasionally get one page pass through . but it said is able to use in all ink printers . Highly not recommended . waste of money
 This is not presentation paper.It 's no thicker than regular paper and it 's not double-sidedHow can you do newsletters and flyers on single-sided paper ?
 I bought 2 of these phones 3 months ago . One is still working fine . The other one has static and loud crackling noises . I tried everything they suggested in the owner 's manual . I called the company and I tried their suggestions . After trying everything , they said the phone was defective . My choices are to send the phone to them and they will replace it , but it will cost more money than I paid orginally -LRB- If I had my receipt it would only cost me shipping and handling -RRB- , or trash it and buy a new phone . So either way I am having to spend more money . We will see how long the other phone holds up !!!!
 I purchased this phone approximately a month and a hald ago and I 've had nothing but problems . The renge is horrible in comparison to a phone that I purchased from Panasonic . There is also static and people generally complain that they ca n't hear me well during conversation . The worst thing about the phone is the battery life . The battery has gone dead several times . I do n't recommend this phone . Beware !!
 Be forewarned that if you have DSL , this phone will disconnect it repeatedly . It had poorer sound quality than our current Sanyo 900 Mhz phone . We finally had to return it .
 I was very excited at buying the feature-rich phone because it had everything I could want . I like the adaptability , the caller ID function , the keypad on the base unit , the speaker phone in both the base unit and on the phone . It shows me when I have voicemail , has a great belt clip , a long battery life , etc.One big `` but '' here , though , is that it does n't have the clarity I want if I am any distance from the base unit . This is quite disappointing since I `` upgraded '' from a Panasonic 900 mhz phone which I could take across the street into the neighbors house and have clear reception.If I am outside , and my body comes between the phone and the base unit , I get interference . If there are too many walls between me and the base unit , I get interference . So it makes me house-bound while I am on the phone . It is important to me to be able to garden and do other work outside while on the phone.Other than that , it is great . But I will probably give it to my husband -LRB- who would n't dream of working outside -RRB- .
 Previously reviewed as
 Although it seems like a nice expandable phone system with high-end design touches , I 've found the clarity to be a such an issue that I would not recommend this phone . My older Panasonic 900mHz had much less static and better reception . Occasionally , I 've also experienced a weird echo during a conversation . I attempted to rid the line of noise by relocating the base unit , but found no difference in any of the sopts.Also , there seems to be a glitch with the way the edit function works for numbers stored in memory . I was unable to edit the name assigned to a number and had to erase the whole entry to adjust the name . The manual gave a different scenario of what was supposed to happen compared to what I was actually getting on the display . A frustrating annoyance that might be an isolated problem . Either way , mine is going back .
 I bought one of these last year . I loved the small size ; I like to carry my phone in my shirt pocket always . One the first one you had to tap the base every morning -LRB- sometimes more often -RRB- or you could n't hear the other party -LRB- they could hear you though -RRB- . A loose connection . The battery failed within a year . When the headset socket wore out -LRB- really -RRB- I wanted to buy another type phone . None were as small so I bought another one of these . I had awful clicking on it all the time . It had to go right back . Quality control at Vtech is nonexistent . I bought a Panasonic 2.4 Ghz DSS and it works great , just too big , although the same weight as the Vtech . A tip for shirt users ; wrap a rubber band around the clip so it grabs onto your shirt and does n't fall off when you bend over .
 I purchased this phone as a Christmas gift . I 'm disappointed I wasted my time and money with it . The sound clarity was poor - static only a few feet from the base with a clear line of sight to it . It had an echo sound frequently as well . The handset is very small , too small . People with hands just a little larger than normal may not find it comfortable to use . It also does n't cradle well against the shoulder when trying to talk and use both hands for something else -LRB- ie
 Though not named as such on the product page , the telephone is now obsolete . It is no longer manufactured by CLARITY . I would not have known this unless I had received a defective unit to which the vendor could not offer technical support . Subsequently , I called CLARITY in TN and found out the 435 Model is no longer made . Model 4105 was recommended by CLARITY . We 'll see how THAT -LRB- current -RRB- model functions .
 After reading some of the reviews , we took a chance since the phone had the features we needed . After charging overnight , we tried using the phone and the first call was great . When we took it to another room the connection was gone & the phone started blinking . If you put it back on the base , picked it up & made a call immediately , everything was fine . If you took it from the base and tried to use it in a minute or so , it would not work . Called Clarity and they said the phone was not programmed to blink , we had a bad unit and to return it . Wish it had worked because this was for a Father 's Day present and the features on the phone were exactly what we wanted . Returned the phone to Amazon - did not try a second one .
 I ordered the phone , hooked it up , charged it as instructed for 12 hours and then ... nothing ! The handset would not activate at all . Almost appears as though the battery is defective and wo n't hold a charge . I do n't know , but I sent it back and the replacement had the same problem ! After getting a second non-functioning phone I think I will look for something else . Too bad really as it appears it would have been a good phone ... if it actually worked .
 ORDERED THIS PHONE FOR MY FATHER . AFTER CHARGING OVER NIGHT THE HANDSET HAD NO DIAL TONE . MADE SURE EVERY THING WAS INSTALLED ACORDING TO INSTRUCTIONS , LET IT CHARGE FOR ANOTHER DAY -- STILL DID N'T WORK . SENT IT BACK .
 Very disappointed in this order . Amazon 's sale page for this item clearly states that this is `` photo '' paper . I have Matte Photo Paper in other sizes and it has a coating on the paper to absorb the ink and reduce the glare . This is just PLAIN PAPER in the large size . The photo of the item on the sale page is not a photo of what you get and the title of what you get clearly states that this is Presentation Paper NOT Photo Paper . `` Presentation '' refers to the large size , not the nature or quality of the paper.What a waste of my money and extra shipping costs to overnight this product . I want a refund !!!
 Be careful ... this is NOT photo quality glossy film as described . It is very thin paper w / a matte finish .
 This paper is too thin . It 's just above average typing paper and little more . After 2 prints I threw it away to make sure no one else had to deal with it . I feel cheated.I will never ever buy an epson product at any price .
 I guess I was expecting something that would n't buckle with ink . Very disappointed . As a cover sheet with no printing , sure , it 's fine , but for printing on , forget it .
 NOT even close to being good inkjet paperAdvertised by Epson as `` Coated Photo '' NOTPrinting results not worthy of a low level proof : -LRB- A waste of money for photo printing , however ; we did find an appropriate use for the rest of the paper ; nailed to the outhouse wall ...
 This is a good , cheap matte paper - but beware , strong ink coverage cause it to buckle due to it 's weight . I ca n't really recommend this paper for proofing , due to it 's size ... make sure you review the paper 's weight before you purchase .
 This paper prints wonderful but the emulsion side has a light light pink or red look to it . Not bright white like regular paper . I am a framer and when I print something out to frame and lay any white matt board over it , it looks pink . Turn the emulsion side over to the back side of the paper and you will see the difference . Otherwise , the Epson products are excellent and the printing if fabulous .
 This particular batch of labels from this supplier appeared to be very old and flimsy quality . I use this model of Avery labels regularly in my office , but all of the ones I 've purchased for years are thicker paper stock paper -LRB- at least the backer -RRB- so it goes through printer better . The glue on these apparently `` aged '' labels has little stickiness left to them . Again , Avery labels model 5066 are usually excellent , which is why I ordered . But the price from this supplier was too good to be true .
 My answering machine did not work . The callers did not know that they were leaving messages I could not here , which was good , but when I retreived the messages all I could hear was static .
 I wish I would have paid more attention to the negative reviews for this product . We were never able to get the machine to work properly and then had to pay postage to send it back . I will certainly think twice before ortdering this type of product over the Interent again .
 Extremely poor sound quality -- but at least that was better than no sound at all . It worked for less than two months , then the speaker completely died in the middle of playback . As far as I know , the machine is still recording calls -- I just ca n't listen to them . And the remote feature never worked , so I ca n't listen to messages that way either . This was the first AT&T product I ever bought , and I 'll never buy another one .
 Never even got the date set - this thing croaked right out of the box - leaving me the hassle of a return - I need to remember that AT&T no longer means good quality - it now means junk . Also - even though it claims a `` memory '' feature to not lose messages , ther is no battery backup - so you will be constantly resetting the time and date if power goes out .
 This thing has the worst sound quality I have ever heard on an answering machine . 9 times out of 10 I ca n't understand what the caller is saying . After reading the previous review I thought that maybe I had gotten a lemon , so I tried a second unit which was just as bad as the first.Save your money and buy something else .
 I bought this unit about 8 months ago and it went into the trash today . The sound quality has been so bad the last five messages were inaudible ; I could not even tell if it was a male or female voice . The unit has cut the last spit second off each message since about 6 months after the purchase . I would not recommend this machine because it seems there are more lemons than reliable units produced .
 I had to replace a GE unit which developed what appears to be a common problem of cutting off incoming messages without any warning -- although it did have great sound quality . I decided to try this AT&T machine , in spite of the reviews which mentioned poor sound quality . Those reviews were right . The sound quality on incoming messages is sometimes so poor as to make the unit worthless . I am now trying a Radio Shack unit . Do n't waste your money on this AT&T machine .
 These labels were just too small to be return address labels . When printing , the labels would not line up correctly in the printer -LRB- yes , I made sure I had inserted them properly and used the correct Avery label with Word -RRB- . I tried changing the size of my font but then it would be too small . I wnet up a size on the font then it would be too big . I think these labels would best be used as one line labels and not return address labels .
 Labels are suppose to be permanent but they do not stick . Had to use double stick tape to keep them on .
 i bought this thinking i can get this off my documents easily but when i take it off , i take some of the paper off !
 I bought two machines around an year ago ... also the messages came out like others . . the toner cartridge was out -LRB- Toner Life End -RRB- even when new toner cartridges were put in .
 KEEP LOOKING THIS IS NOT THE ONE YOU WANT WE HAVE HAD NOTHING BUT TRUBLE WITH OURS .
 I bought this machine based on the good reviews I found here . I have had it for one month and it does nothing but jam . Now the two week return policy at the store has expired and I am left with a jamming piece o ' junk.My advice - look for a different fax machine .
 I contacted Brother support to get the machine replaced due to the issues with my original machine . Support was extremely helpful and overnighted a new machine and was * supposed * to include a return shipping label to return the previous machine . They did not . To top it off , the new machine still did not work . The document feeder still picks up multiple pages at once . So , they sent me another machine , again without a return label . The new machine has no LCD display ... as in whoever built the machine forgot it . There is a clear plastic window where it is supposed to be , and I can see about two inches down to a circuit board inside . Now , customer support has suddenly become rude and does not appear to want to fix the problem . For three days now , they keep telling me someone will call me back within a couple hours , and nobody ever calls . I will certainly avoid all Brother products from now on , and I would advise all potential customers the same .
 I bought the Brother 2820 about 14 months ago and used it in a very low volume environment -LRB- receive and send 25 pages a week -RRB- . It always made a lot of noise when powering up -LRB- I think this is inherent with this model ; I also have a Brother 2070N printer that sounds similar -RRB- . The power up noise grew progressively louder -LRB- sounding like a jet on the runway powering up for take-off -RRB- and caused the office lights to flicker and knocking out my DSL connection.I ended up scrapping the 2820 and buying a Canon FAXPHONE L170 -LRB- which so far has worked great - no power surge at all -RRB- . Here is what Brother Customer Support had to say about the issue ... My original post to Brother Customer Support ... When the 2820 fax machine powers up there is a tremendous power surge -LRB- either receiving a fax or making a copy -RRB- , the office lights flicker and the surge knocks out my DSL service . This problem started about a week ago . I tried placing a surge protector on the fax then a UPS surge protector . When the fax attempts to power up when connected to the UPS -LRB- uninterruptible power supply - battery backup -RRB- the surge trips the breaker in the UPS and will not power up . The fax will power up when plugged directly into the outlet but causes the office lights to flicker.Brother 's Reply ... Brother Customer : Thank you for taking the time to write to us . We apologize for any inconvenience . To correct this issue please plug machine directly to wall jack only.Sincerely , Facsimile E-mail SupportBrother International Corporation , USAMy Reply to Brother ... Brother Support : Please re-read the original post . Plugging directly into the wall outlet does not solve anything . The Fax machine causes a huge power surge when powering up knocking out my DSL connection.Please provide a solution to the huge power surge issue.Thank you , Dear Brother Customer , Thank you for taking the time to write to us.This is happening because the Brother 's fuser unit is trying to warm up and when warming up its going to pull the amount of power needed to perform the task that it receive , and causing other devices on the same circuit to flicker or lose power and we suggest connecting the unit directly to a power outlet that 's not on the same circuit as the DSL modem . And that should correct the problem with losing power to the DSL modem.We apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced.Sincerely , Facsimile E-mail SupportBrother International Corporation , USAThis is the point at which I scrapped the 2820 and bought the Canon FAXPHONE L170 . Maybe you will have better luck with support .
 Misreprsented as a speaker phone - even though I called and spoke to a Brother representative who told me it had a speaker phone function .
 We have had two of these and both suffer from paper jams . You have to babysit the product to check to see if a fax came through . The workmanship on this item seems to have fallen off greatly .
 Three months after I purchased this fax machine , I started to receive an error message `` Unable to Scan '' when I tried to send a fax . I called customer support and was told to power off and power on the machine . That worked for a couple of times , but then the message would not go away . The machine was receiving and printing faxes , but I was not able to send a fax . It was also printing fine . I am a low-volume fax user , I send/receive about 10 faxes a day on average.I took it to a Brother authorized service center , since it was still under warranty . After three weeks , the technician called me and told me that he could do no further diagnostics until I purchased a new toner cartridge . He said the cartridge was `` defective . '' Even though it was printing fine before I dropped it off . The cartridge is a consumable not covered under warranty . While I understand that the cartridge is a consumable , I am upset that they will not diagnose what is wrong with the machine before requiring me to purchase the cartridge first . Per the manual , the error message `` Unable to Scan '' means there is a mechanical problem with the machine . If that message is a low toner warning , then it should state so . Otherwise , they should at least diagnose what is wrong with the machine before telling me to replace the cartridge.I called customer support back and was told that is company policy . That the cartridge is a consumable not covered under warranty . That 's fine , but they still did not find out what was wrong with the machine.After this experience , I will never purchase another Brother product of any type again . I will also tell everyone I know about my experience and not recommend Brother .
 I bought this machine 6 months ago and generated about 1000 sheets of fax/copy/print documents . At this point it told me that my cartridge was running low on toner -LRB- it was n't -RRB- and shut itself down . Technical support said that maybe it was a defective cartridge and that the only way to get it running again was go out buy a new cartridge -LRB- difficult for me to do since I live on Maui , which has little such supplies -RRB- . Why the machine could n't have just warned me , and NOT shut itself down is beyond me . Imagine running an office and in the middle of the day the Fax machine says I quit!Of course those advanced users are saying , `` All you have to do is put a tape over the hole that the sensor reads to check toner level . '' Well I did this and it worked for awhile , but it still knew it was n't a new cartridge because I still got low toner warnings . Then 2 weeks later it shut down again.I does generally work ok however ; in 1000 sheets I only had 3 jams .
 Run 5 average size pharmacies . Purchased 5 of these units and have had trouble with ALL of them . They run great for about 6 months , then start jamming paper in the rear door area . Called Brother 's which was absolutely no help . Took them 1 at a time into a Brother 's service center and paid $ 60 a piece to have them clean them and try to correct the issue . At best they went another 2 months before the problem started again . I have since replaced all of them with Samsung models and have had no problems . DO NOT waste your money on this unit , there are plenty of other choices out there .
 Just bought a fax machine , opened the box , installed it at the office . Fax goes into sleep mode - followed directions and they do n't work , I do n't get the option of turning sleep mode off . Pressing the start and options buttons simultaneously DOES NOT WORK -LRB- this machine is not even a day old -RRB- . Called for assistance and after a grueling 30mins and no solution , I was given a local number to contact . When I called the number it was a service center that told me to return the machine since it was brand new . Called back brothers and after they asked me to let the machine go into sleep mode again and call them back - I am still on hold and have been informed that i will be for the next 15 minutes . Basically this sucks - we ca n't receive faxes when the machine is on sleep mode even though the manual emphatically states that it can ! - we will be returning this machine and getting an HP . Tech support is absolutely unacceptable .
 After installing this fax machine in my office , I started getting calls from some clients telling me that they were not able to fax documents to me . Other clients were able to fax me . I double-checked all connections and had AT&T check the phone lines . Everything was fine , except that not all incoming faxes were going through . After three weeks of this , I went to Staples , bought another Brother fax machine -LRB- not the 2820 model -RRB- , and hooked it up . It works fine and all faxes now go through . I can only conclude that the Brother Intellifax 2820 that I purchased through Amazon was defective . Will someone at Amazon please send me a pre-paid UPS label so that I can ship the clunker back ???
 in 5 minutes this fax become very hot , fax function never worked . i am very unhappy with this fax , will retun it and never buy brother brand again
 The company I work for use to use Brother fax machines and replaced them about twice per year . I bought an HP for the business and worked great for over 10 years . I was on vacation when the HP finally quit . One of the owner 's went out and bought this brand Brother , because it was cheap . Drums costs are outrageous at $ 100 + for new original or the inexpensive worthless compatible . It has cost more my repair time , drums and toner in the past 2 years than the HP had in 10 years . Ca n't wait to replace it ! Brand new drums needs replacing within one month . However , toner last a long time . We receive about 700 faxes per month . Drum should last much longer than that !
 The printer grabs multiple sheets of paper instead of one and prints the page across the overlap . Had to reprint pages multiple times before it fed properly . Fax is nice that I can answer the phone and it will detect if a fax is coming through since it is a shared line.Have to restart and retry printing 3-4 times before it actually does anything . Junk , do not recommend .
 This equipment arrived minus 2 parts , and without an owners manual . It was obviously used a lot in spite of the write up that said it was hardly used . I would not recommend this vendor . They have not responded to my requests for the missing items .
 I do n't know how good or bad this product is ... . All I know is that from hour one , when a test-fax arrived , or I tried making a copy , and tried again -- my circuit breaker kept tripping ! I checked this machine 's label -- and was totally SHOCKED to see it rated at 8.8 Ampers ... That 's total NUTS !!! I have a much larger , 15 year old Canon laser fax machine , that this product was suppose to replace , and also an old HP laser printer -- each rated at 4.8 Ampers . None of those two ever caused any problem with electricity overload . This product with 8.8 Ampers is going back . This day and age of conserving energy , I 'm shocked they have the audacity to come up with such an inefficient product ... . To me , regretfully , it 's totaly unacceptable .
 This fax does not have the option for 12 hour time period , its only in 24 hour time period according to support . Also , there is no way to tell the machine to set it in AM or PM time , you have to guess which one it 'll be , and set it again if its wrong.This fax does not give a confirmation sheet when receiving faxes , only when sending , so I ca n't tell if I have received all of the sheets that the other end sent us , our old fax machine would do that , according to support this is not a feature of this machine.This fax does not display the phone number on the receiving sheet that is sent to us so we know who sent it to us , our old fax machine would do that ; once again according to support this is not a feature of this machine.According to some these are absolutely necessary functions to have , it works ok so far , other than that . The machine is a little slow in scanning as well . I will be returning it because it does not have these basic functions .
 I am shocked by the amount of positive reviews on this site . Let me tell you about my experience . I bought this machine in June of 2005 . In one year , I have replaced this machine THREE TIMES . All three times , I got error messages that the toner cartridge was out -LRB- Toner Life End -RRB- even when new toner cartridges were put in . I do give high marks to Brother for its customer service , though . Each time I had a problem , I called and they sent out a replacement by FedEx along with materials for me to send back the broken one . But when the fourth replacement arrived last week and I turned it on and got an immediate paper jam message , I had enough . I had a similar issue with a Brother mutlifunction machine I purchased around the same time . I am done with Brother products .
 Hi we purchased this machine -LRB- brother Intellyfax 2820 -RRB- 14 months ago . In month 5 we started to hear a very annoying squeaky noise come out of our fax machine when printing . After 5 months of use we found out that it needed a drum replacement if wanted to preserve the sanity of our ears . At first we thought we will have to spend 10 o 15 bucks on this new part . To our surprise a drum costs $ 115 bucks ! . Well , that is not all , we just found out that our fax machine displays the message `` Toner Life End '' . Went to the store and purchased a $ 60 brand new original toner and put it back to the machine . Well , it keeps showing the same message . We called Brother and we are SOL because our warranty expired 2 months ago . Went online and realized that a bunch of other people have the same problem . . ohh God ... that is it for me with the Brother family ...
 This fax works great for small offices or homes . It is very fast and gives you a confirmation to let you know the fax went through . The only problem I have with it is it curls the paper so it is impossible to make copies or scan documents that come in . Also , any fax over 2 pages long gets jumbled up and ends up all over the floor .
 When it trys to print some paper out , it produces some screaming sound , I feel if my machine is going to die or will have a short life . Plus , sometimes it can not catch a paper from the tray or catch 2 paper at the same time
 This vendor is selling OLD , salvaged junk and charges way to much for shipping . The Avery 4150 product is a heat/age/light-sensitive product . The labels that I received were so old that there was no E-date and the black sleeves were sealed with tape . One package included an `` EggHead '' -LRB- gone for > 10 years ! -RRB- price sticker . Despite ordering TWO units , the vendor charged me $ 4.95 shipping for Each , sent them via USPS `` Media Mail '' -LRB- Postal Fraud ? -RRB- and the actual postage paid for both , in a single package was $ 2.53 . Do the math : Shipping Charged
 Do n't mistake this for photo print paper . Light weight , similar to regular copy paper . Might be ok for fliers but not heavy enough for photo prints .
 Maybe they 've changed this product since the earlier reviews , but the one I just received definitely does n't work as a keyboard drawer . You can install it with the tray fully extended , but you ca n't close it.The keyboard tray has a lip that projects out about 3/8 '' past the outside edge of the sliders . This means that the brackets , when attached as instructed and pictured , lean out at an angle from the sliders , pushed out by the tray . The brackets then wo n't attach properly to the desk , and friction keeps the keyboard tray from pulling out easily . when I tried to do this , the slider popped apart and the ball bearings went everywhere.You can get around this by installing the unit with the tray pulled all the way out . Then , of course , you ca n't close the tray - because lip of the tray hits the bracket.I suppose , if you wanted a honeycomb tray instead of a keyboard tray , you could install it upside down , so the lip would n't be in the way.Doesn ' t say much for Kensington 's design team or its quality control .
 Image shows WHITE keyboard tray - no longer available , black only -LRB- Amazon said they would change it - they did n't -RRB- . I returned it .
 I was very disappointed and will not deal with this seller again.The shipping time was great , I got the item and the only thing in the box was the drawer itself.After writing to seller and letting them know that my only two options were to have them send mea Merchandise Return Authorization or to be sent the rest of items that were supposed to be in thebox , the seller did not want the item sent back saying it would cost too much , wanted me to decidehow much to refund me to purchase the items myself . Well I got the drawer slider fairly cheap , butsince it is not the one made for the drawer I ended up having to cut both sides of the drawer sothat it would fit . I am not happy with it at all . I will be purchasing a new drawer and tossingthis one in the trash . This system does not let you send in your review without at least 1 star , I do not want to leave any stars , that should be an option as well Amazon . I was n't going to ratethis or leave any feedback at all , but since I kept getting emails to leave feedback , here it is .
 We have about 25 of these drawers at my office , and have had most of them for several -LRB- 3 + -RRB- years . Most of them have cracked in the center as the build quality is quite flimsy . Also , the ends of the side rails are very sharp and over time have led to some ripped pants and socks of employees attempting to cross their legs while at work . I 've also cut my scalp several times on the rails while reconnecting PCs underneath people 's desks.Other issues
 I made my own desk and I needed an under desk keyboard tray . I read other reviews on this product , so I thought it might work . When it was delivered , I tried to install it , but I thought it was flimsy and did n't slide well . Plus , I did n't like the way the side brackets showed when you stepped back from the desk . It just looks cheap . I ended up returning it and spending a little more money on a leather , under desk keyboard tray , which I love . As the saying goes , you get what you pay for !
 I thought I had found just what I was looking for when I ordered this ; then , I tried to assemble it . I generally have no problem putting things together -- cribs , bicycles , furniture -- but I had a lot of trouble with the instructions for this keyboard tray . The written instructions were not clear , and the illustrations were difficult to figure out . I called Kensington customer service with questions , and the agent was as confused as I was . When I finally determined the directions for one part of the assembly , I found that `` part a '' and `` part b '' could not be attached because the factory had misaligned the holes . At that point , I gave up and returned the tray .
 Buyer beware , you may receive a unit where the holes for the metal screws are so badly created in the plastic tray that the plastic will actually begin to split open when you begin to assemble the unit by attaching the screws . Such a major design flaw that I am returning the tray . Very disappointed , as this was the perfect size for my narrow desk and over-sized ergonomic keyboard .
 The installation instructions that come with the Kensington Smart Fit K60004US keyboard tray are terrible . Few words , unnecessarily tiny illustrations , AND ONE BIG ERROR that can ruin your purchase.The package comes with 3 different types of screws - labeled D , E and F on the instruction sheet . The illustration for Step # 1 shows screw type D but you should USE TYPE E -LRB- its the smallest screw provided -RRB- . If you try to force type D into the underside of the keyboard as shown , this larger screw will enlarge the grommet -LRB- hole -RRB- and make it impossible to use the correct , smaller screw later.If you make this mistake , you can either return the item -LRB- and who could blame you since the item since the manufacturer provided such lousy instructions -RRB- , or you can make a trip to the hardware store to buy a wider shank version of screw type E which will grip the sides of the now enlarged grommet -LRB- which I did -RRB- . On a separate note , the sparse instructions also do not provide any indication of where to mount the brackets underneath your desk - even a cheapo keyboard tray usually includes a template for this purpose , but I guess the graphics folks at Kensington were too preoccupied screwing up the instruction sheet . I recommend mounting the front edge of the front bracket somewhere around 3.0 '' in from the desk edge -LRB- but not less than 2.5 '' or the tray will stick out when closed -RRB- . By the way , the `` SmartFit '' feature of this product simply means the bracket mount is height adjustable from 1.5 '' to 3.0 '' but you will find most other models are too , so big deal . The package includes a cardboard cutout tool to help you measure the distance between your knees and the tray . No kidding - I hope I did n't pay extra for that . And the instructions on how to use that tool are so incredibly indecipherable I 'm still not sure what the company was trying to tell me . Kensington really should fire whoever came up with this stuff.All of this advice will all make sense when you install the keyboard , so you might want to print this review now to have it handy when your order arrives . Is it a good keyboard otherwise ? I 'll write a follow up later . I just suffered thru the installation today and have n't formed an opinion yet , but I sure hope Kensington does better with design than it does with instructions . I did notice the mouse pad does not adhere to the tray so it slides around along with the mouse - I guess that 's a bad omen.Lastly , the tray is BLACK , not white like its pic . Amazon notes this correctly under `` Product Specs '' in the listing .
 Do not buy this product . The drawers arrived all jammed up and the stops were broken off the back so the drawers would slide all the way through and fall out . The cord management system is just a couple of cheap plastic clips - worthless . The size was fine and the colors were as expected , but the middle of the shelf sagged with the weight of a standard printer - do n't buy this .
 Everything was fine except when I talked , the person I was talking to heard a humming noise . When I stopped talking , the humming noise stopped . Needless to say I took it back for a refund and bought another brand of phone.I am sick of products that do n't work acceptably !
 This is a pity . I really thought I finally found a decent phone , and that Motorola made much better then all the known garbage made by ATT , V teck , GE , Southwestern bell , etc.Until ... . After only two weeks the phone could not dial normally . It only recorder the second digit I entered , etc.So back to Target it went . Instead I brought a PANASONIC 2.4 GHz . I believe Panasonic is the only one out there with pretty decent phones in today 's market.To the credit of this phone I must say , all the other problems mentioned here , like clarity , reception , etc. . I DID NOT have with this phone . Though I am happy it turned out so fast what a piece of garbage it is , while still holding on to the receipt !
 This product got good reviews so we bought it . Sadly , the range is very short , signal is lost even when standing near the base ... very frustrating . When the phone rings , it is often continuous more like an alarm . We are very disappointed in the product .
 My old Panasonic phone system would keep the calls on other handsets when I deleted calls on the one being used . This system deletes calls on all the other handsets and the same goes for the Phone book . I tried to deregister the handset but the system will not allow you to do that even though the instruction booklet says you can . The system can not be used in a family enviornment . Everyone can see the calls until a handset deletes a call and then the call is gone for everyone . Same with the Phone book.Very disapointed .
 Just bought the KX-TG1034S and will take it back tomorrow . After carefully reading all reviews I thought this would be the best cordless phone to purchase . I have had a Uniden TRU phone for several years and enjoyed the clarity of voice and no interference.This new phone was a problem with the first call I 've made . There is a constant background noise before the call even connected . It only got worse once I started talking . I 've tried everything , moved the base all over my small home ; lowered the volume -LRB- that made it better - but I could n't hear without straining -RRB- without success . Too bad because I like the way the handset feels and the larger buttons are great . Wished it would have worked out .
 The good reviews outweighing the bad , we thought this ideal for us . Being of senior years `` bells and whistles are not what we need '' , but the idea of having four separate phones on one jack was appealing . The two placed upstairs worked well but the two downstairs were useless . Much interference and then the call was dropped . The long range boast is , for us at least , totally incorrect . Very disappointed in this product .
 I 'm not just going to throw these phones away , I 'm going to give myself the satisfaction of smashing them to pieces before I do . This thing drops calls left and right , even if I 'm standing next to the base . At any given time I can pick one of these units and it 's not getting a signal . Do n't buy this under any circumstances .
 I am very disappointed with this telephone system . The reception is not very good and fades in and out while in use . The range is no where near what the product description claims . The menu for reviewing caller ID or retrieving messages is not intuitive . When you call the answering machine remotely to retrieve calls , the first option it gives you is to review all messages instead of just reviewing the new messages . You need to click through a few menues to get to just the new messages.I replaced an older Panasonic cordless phone system with the new system and I regret that I did it . I would not recommend this phone .
 Many shortcomings that detract , but excellent sound for a cordless.Using this phone is like using a badly designed cell phone that has excellent sound quality . Users of cell phones may find the usability factors annoying . On the other hand , users frustrated with the sound quality of their current cordless phones may like the improvement in sound enough that they overlook the poorly done usuability.At its loudest setting , the handset volume is not as loud as a conventional corded phone . If their is background noise , or if you have any hearing impairment , this is a problem.The wall mount is unusable unless you are extremely tall . A conventional telephone wall mounted telephone has its buttons and display facing outward into the room . On this Panasonic , the base station mounts horizontally , with the buttons and display facing upward . Since most telephone wall mounts are fairly high on the wall , they are impossible to see for most people.Most answering machines play the outgoing message only to the caller , then allow you to hear / screen the caller 's message as they are leaving it . This machine plays the outgoing message into the room as well as the caller 's message . This is quite annoying.A handy feature is being able to access the answering machine from any handset . But it takes five separate button presses to get the machine to play . And from the handset , you can not delete the messages one at a time as you are hearing them , nor easily control the playback functions.The very low resolution display screen used on this phone became obsolete on cell phones many years ago because they are so much harder to read.I was surprised that the keypad does not illuminate.If using a headset or earpiece for hands free operation , the outgoing volume is not adequate . The person at the other end can not hear properly . I tried it with a Jabra earpiece and a Plantronics headset.The handsets can not be turned off . The `` off '' button is equivalent to the `` end '' button on cell phone , but does not turn off the power . Cell phone users appreciate that turning off the power is handy for many reasons such as conserving the batteries , not wanting to receive any calls , etc.It is obtrusive in a room . The `` sticking up '' design , combined with a light on the top that is on when it is in the base station or charger , make the phone stick out . Not everyone will want this phone to be a focal point in every room it inhabits . If you have children or pets , the sticking up design is also easily knocked over . A cradle design for the charging stations would have unobtrusively kept the phone safe , taken up much less space , and would have allowed a more natural motion to pick up the phone.Unlike the locator buttons on other cordless phones I 've encountered , if this one is pressed it keeps on ringing all the handsets until a button is pressed on each and every one.Although the sound quality for conversations is excellent , the sound quality of the answering machine component is not . Many people , small business owners and others , care a great deal about what their outgoing message sounds like.An nice touch for this phone is that it uses readily available standard aaa nimh rechargeable batteries rather then a propriety battery . Inexpensive replacement batteries are available with neary twice the capacity of those that come with this phone.Many cordless phones are so bad that this phone will be a welcome relief , especially with regard to the conversation sound quality . But Panasonic did not pay attention to the details that would have made this phone more usable and attractive.As time passes , more phones will use the Dect 6.0 technology to improve their sound quality . Their designs will hopefully be improved as well . The Panasonic-kx-tg5634m falls short .
 I bought these phones because my brother had the same ones and loved them . They seemed to work fine for a few days , then one of the handsets just died . Customer service for Panasonic is pretty awful , and emails take 4 days to get a response . After doing much troubleshooting , I was told I would have to return the unit to Panasonic and they would send me a refurbished one . This phone is only 10 days old ... why would I return it for a reburished one . Customer service phone was no better , and finally I hung up . Too bad because these phones seemed to work great , except that the volume does n't go too high , and also it was impossible to change the ringer tone , even though it was supposed to be changeable .
 Not happy with this product . Researched this product before buying -- marketing and advertising greatly exaggerated !! Data stated it had a working range up to 2000ft . Lucky it works room to room !! Look around before you buy !
 I purchased 2 Panasonic cordless phone systems -LRB- 2 bases , and 5 phones in total -RRB- . The 3-phone system was dead in a couple months and the 2-phone system just died -LRB- after 2 years -RRB- . Whatever you do stay away from Panasonic phones !
 Slow to get here . They do n't work half the time.They die in the middle of calls.DO NOT BUY THIS .
 I bought this product to update my home office phone system from an earlier Panasonic system -LRB- KX-TG5110 -RRB- . As a computer science grad with over 25 years experience in the `` valley '' I am growing increasingly distressed with the development of user interfaces in Consumer Electronics . It is a real stretch to see any improvement between this phone system and the one it replaced for me . The UI does not resemble the included `` documentation '' and if it did it would still be an incredible disappointment!This system requires manual -LRB- re - -RRB- entry of all information . There is no concept of sync with any PC Contacts program -LRB- e.g. the awful ` Outlook ' -RRB- ; in fact as far as I can tell from the documentation , it has no concept of sync between handsets or between a handset and the base . The only thing that keeps me from giving this product zero stars is -LRB- 1 -RRB- given its UI limitations it works and -LRB- 2 -RRB- my verizon/motorola cellphone system is at least as bad . It 's time for consumers to stand-up and stop buying this crap . Or , at the very least , let the drones at Panasonic know they need to do a lot better !
 I have owned this phone for 9 days and it is the worst thing I have ever purchased . 2 days after owning it we had to call customer support because we could not aswer calls . They had us running around for an hour unpluging base stations , take out all the battery 's and putting them back stating the system needed to be '' bumped '' . I have just gotten off the phone with customer service after once again not being able to answer the phone and they said they could only replace the unit with a REFURBISHED ONE !!!! I did not pay over $ 80 to own a phone for 9 days and have it replace with a REFURBISHED one ! They refuse to replace with a new unit . I will never purchase a panasonic product ever again . I always thought of them as a good solid company . No more . Also , every time you answer a call it shows as a missed call . Half of the calls do n't even register on the caller id . Poor , poor product . I gave it a 1 only because we ca n't give negative stars . If you could I would give it a -5 .
 I ordered a new version of this phone system and they arrived promptly . However one of the 4 phones did n't work . So I called customer service and they told me to send it back to them at my expense . I therefore had to pay for the box , go to the PO and pay to ship it . NOT GREAT but ok , sorta , but not really . I paid what I paid for working phones , not mostly working plus extra postage and time . Then after a week or so they send me back a replacement model . BUT THE UNIT WAS A REBUILT UNIT , NOT NEW ! I did n't pay for rebuilt . I payed for NEW . I did n't get what I paid for , namely 4 new phones that work , I got for additional time , money and hassle , 3 new phones and 1 rebuilt phone . I called them again and they said , sorry , that all we have . No offer to reimburse me for postage , not offer to make it better . Just sorry . Well me too!Panasonic , you failed at basic customer relations . For a few bucks you made an enemy . Kinda expensive if you ask me .
 The Panasonic Dect 6.0 Series 4 Cordless Phone System is overpriced and under performing compared to other cordless phone systems . The keypad is unlighted , the screen reads `` missed calls '' constantly , even though it should read `` calls received '' or some other name that imples the phone has actually received calls , not that the user has missed calls . It is difficult to find the call list on the phone so one can find out who exactly a missed call is . It is difficult to clear out the `` missed calls '' list and has to be done independently on each handset . The answering machine only indicates that a call has come in , not how many calls have been received.The cost of this system is way overpriced . This system is actually worth about $ 50 and Panasonic adding `` Dect 6.0 '' to the name seems to be their only justification to raise the price of the product without giving positive and comparable things for a consumer to be happy about . I believe they call this price-gouging ! Panasonic gets 1/2 star for this product due to the price vs. amenities it should include for the price.On the positive side , the seller was wonderful . The phone system arrived wholly intact , in a timely manner , and as advertised.I 'd give them 5 ***** for their abilities .
 I just bought this phone for my house . Range is terrible . It breaks up 30 feet away from the base . Very disappointing . I will now have to return .
 Only four of the phones work ! Did not send back because the four that work are good , but irritated that 2 wo n't work with the set . Ad should read
 This is a very nice phone with a major flaw . The volume is way too low and can not be increased nearly enough .
 This phone has a major flaw right out the box - the keypad does not light up at all , only the display does . I sent it back right away , so can not comment on any other features -LRB- for me this was a fatal flaw -RRB-
 I have two sets of these phones and although they are highly rated , they are terrible . I constantly get dropped calls with a warning that goes like this ... First the person I 'm talking to has a hard time hearing me , then when I try to run for another extension , I hear a long tone ... . and then the call is disconnected . The first set I purchased &#34; refurbished &#34; on line , and since the reviews were so good , I thought the problem was that it was refurbished , so I purchased ANOTHER brand new set at an office supply store . I had the same problem with both . This phone is horrible .
 sometimes it would not connect to the base station from my bedroom and voices on the other end would fade in and fade out . i returned it .
 Panasonic Dect 6.0 Series 4 Handset Cordless Phone System with Answering System -LRB- KX-TG1034S -RRB- Tradeoffs - no more interference from other wireless electronics in house/neighborhood , but phone is hard to hold with your shoulder . Also ordered headset which is very uncomfortable . Would not recommend , especially if you have other things to do while talking on the phone - either professionally -LRB- can not type at the same time -RRB- or domestically -LRB- difficult to clean up kitchen , make dinner , fold laundry -RRB- . Very disappointed-wish I could return -LRB- ran out of time -RRB- .
 I was excited to have gotten this phone . The 4 headsets were exactly what my house needed . Overall the phone is decent - but because of the short range it is the worst phone I have ever had !! The phone will just shut off and start beeping during a call indicating that you are too far away from the base . This even happens when I am in the same room as the base . If being cut off in the middle of a conversation is OK with you for no apparent reason - then this is the phone you should have !!!
 Like several others , I Have Vonage & bought this because I needed the additional handsets . The range is short causing the handsets to drop calls or not even ring SOMETIMES . It 's not consistent in terms of in -LRB- or out of -RRB- range . I 've had this system for 2 months and originally got good performance using the speakerphones . Now 80 % of the time , I have to take the call off speaker because the person on the other end hears very digitized sounds and can not make out my words . I 'll contact Panasonic to see what they can do .
 I was very excited to try this 6.0 phone . I have an old house with thick walls and wireless set up throughout so the fact that this phone ran on a different frequency was a plus . I was disappointed to find that the range was not as good as my 5.8 set and even worse was that in the middle of a phone call the hand set would start beeping and suddenly disconnect - despite a quick sprint to the kitchen where the base was located . Granted this never happened in the kitchen itself but did happen as close as the living room 20 feet away . Kinda of eliminates the versatility of having a cordless phone . I returned it after 29 days and am back to my 5.8 .
 Oh , yes , there are lot 's of glowing reviews about this product . Just want you to know that the phone itself is OK , but beware of the answering machine function in the phone.The phone system I recieved and three replacements all had a problem recognizing when someone hung up when we did not answer . When the calling party hungup , this Panasonic system tried to dial out . It then would go nowhere , end up at the telephone company , and proceed to record everything during that time . It was not unusual to have several messages that lasted five minutes each on our recorder , all resulting from people calling and hanging up without leaving a message . Sometimes it would work OK , but it usually did not . I received three replacements after the orginal . All had the same problem.The service people at Panasonic were pleasant , but I do n't think they ever tried to actually fix the phone system . They would routinely , like robots , send out a replacement , all with the same problem , even after I would explain the problem over the phone and in a letter each time I returned it . I eventually returned the system and got my money back . Do not buy this system if you want to use the answering machine .
 I purchased this phone to replace an older Panasonic phone system that was wearing out and I am very sorry to say it is not worth buying , in fact I am going to cut my losses , throw it away and try another product . The range is terrible , I have several of the handsets around my home and one is in direct open line of vision from the base and wo n't receive a signal . The only way any of the handsets will work is to pick up when the phone rings and get as close to the base as you can to get a signal . Forget about trying to go outside with it !
 This phone claims to have a long range , but they do not give you a distance . I was replacing an older technology AT&T ; cordless with this new technology phone . After setting it up and using the phone , we noticed that many of our calls were dropping out . Not good when using this in a home office . I called Panasonic service and after explaining the problem , was told the distance they use for range is 30 feet and we were operating a couple of the extensions at 40 or more feet . Seems like a short distance to me given I could go 3-4 times that distance with the old phone . Also , when you get outside the range , you do n't get a degraded or static sound , it drops the call . The sound is good , but dropping calls is more important for our use.Update to my review
 I bought this phone set a month ago . When I received it , I found that one of the AC adapters was not functioning correctly -LRB- would not charge -RRB- . I called Panasonic and they said they would send me a new one immediately . 24 days and 3 times faxing the information to them I still have n't received the new adapter . I paid for 4 working phones and I only have 3 . I wanted to enjoy these new phones , but as of now I would NOT recommend them .
 I tried to contact the seller of this item , but got no response . Said they were on vacation . I am using two of the phones since these are the only ones I have ! Will not buy from this seller again .
 What a huge disappointment . The base is in my bedroom . If I walk two rooms away , into the kitchen
 First of all , the key pad is not backlit . This is a big flaw for me . The battery life is indeed outstanding , but the range is perhaps only very slightly better than my 5.8 GHz uniden . I find the uniden design much more pleasant too , easier to figure out how to operate the phone - much more intuitive.All in all , I would say that if battery life is a huge priority for you , go for this . Otherwise , a 5.8 Ghz will do the job too , and be cheaper .
 While it was working , this phone was OK , although the UI was pretty obscure . Just died , after 3 years and 4 months . More Chinese junk .
 We have had our phones for almost a year now . They keep blinking off and cutting off calls , even when the battery says it 's full . This was happening with our old handsets , so we bought more and it 's happening with the new ones too !
 Am missing my old phones , this is to many button pushes before u can delete , review or look up a number .
 Worst seller I have ever encaunter , I e-mail him 4 times no reply , Amazon does n't do anything about it , last time I will buy anything from amazon.com
 No interference with wireless devices , but limited range . Drops calls . Not a great product . Weak on features .
 I read all of the recommendations for this phone before purchasing it ... most of them were glowing ... this is the worst phone that I have ever owned ... has very limited range , and calls are constantly dropped ... literally , in the middle of a call , with no warning the phone suddenly starts to busy signal over and over and the call is lost -LRB- a major problem if it is an important call and a huge nuisance otherwise ! -RRB- ... I called panasonic and was told to unplug the phones and plug them back in again , and to reinsert the batteries ... no help there at all !!! I would have given no stars , but the rating system does not allow for it .
 We 've been long term Panasonic phone customers and so we had high expectations for our most recent purchase . Unfortunately , we are pretty disappointed with this model . Our top issues are : - Range
 If you seek a very nice , simple to set up , easy to purchase and most of all very reliable cordless phone I can strongly recommend this one . It has more than enough features for 95 % of everyone needing a cordless phone . Having four seperate headsets is very important for someone like me who is getting older . I have one in the bedroom , basement , kitchen and living room . The battery lasts seemingly forever ; the reception is crystal clear and strong , and it has a classy design . The DECT format is brilliant and is better than any other cordless phone I have owned .
 I purchased this phone system to replace our 2.7 Panasonic KX TG2000B which worked well in our home and office for years , it simply wore out.I thought the new system , being a 6.0 and setting in the same spot as the old 2.7 phone , would work great . Not true , the range is n't good at all . I have moved the base around to avoid interference and even set it in our bedroom . There is still range issues with a distance of less than sixty feet.I did deregister and reregister the units as well as unplug and remove the batteries to reset the units . Anybody out there with the same problem or better yet have you found a solution?All Panasonic support did was read the manual to me then tell me that if location and range is my problem the issue is not with the phone.UPDATE
 I selected this phone because I needed a 4 unit telephone system and it had good reviews.From the moment I started using it , after a few minutes into a call , my voice would disappear from the earpiece . The person on the other end could hear me well , but I could not hear myself , which caused me to raise my voice.I returned it for an exchange hoping that it was a fluke with the set I recieved . I was wrong . I am returning the second set and going to Costco or Target for something else .
 Shortly after receiving this phone system the charger stopped working . I contacted Panasonic -LRB- 02/12/2009 -RRB- and was told that a replacement would be sent on 03/15/2009 . I have still not received the replacement part and they have not responded to my inquiry since . It is 04/15/2009 . My wife often complains about the keys sticking on several of the units while dialing out and that the hearing is scratchy.Can I return these items ?
 You ca n't be far from the base unit to use this phone . It 's quite surprising . I would n't buy it again .
 Now I have a phone next to me . I do n't have to run to another room or up stairs.To day 04/2011 I am having problems calling my friends in other state . hear static . Looking for new phones ... Hate these phones
 The phone lasted a day and a half , then the answering machine stopped working . You could still access messages from the handsets , but the sound was speeded up so fast you could n't understand them . Back to Uniden for us .
 If the voice quality of a phone set is bad then all the bells and whistles do n't mean a thing . The connection between Bell and Watson was probably better than than you will get on this phone .
 Have used this system for 7 months and was disappointed right away . Now I am really disgusted . Immediately , two of the four handsets had sound problems to callers on the other end , who said I sounded like I was in a barrel or under-water . I put one in the garage and could n't walk out the door without losing the call . The finish on the buttons started wearing off in two weeks ; now all handsets look like junk . I ca n't hear callers using the one in my basement ; I have to go upstairs to get a different handset . I wanted to use the answering machine but ca n't because it competes with the voice mail system . I wanted a system that gives me a visual signal when I come home that someone called . I could n't make it work .
 Speaking as a loyal Panasonic phone owner for years ... I 'm a bit surprised by the flood of good reviews on this phone , my experience has been the opposite.When I saw some of the negative reviews , I glanced over and then dismissed them , figuring they were just the exception based on a purchaser getting a lemon or folks that did n't understand the technology very well . The minority seems to have it right in this case.PROBLEM : The primary problem was an issue with the sound of my voice cutting in and out when I was on a call -LRB- your voice is fed back through the handset speaker normally -RRB- . Many people may not realize that phones normally feedback your voice into the ear speaker until it ceases to work properly -LRB- as with these phones -RRB- . When it happened , my first reaction was that the line had dropped and I would start saying `` are you there , are you there ? '' . When the other person invariably said `` yes '' , I began to realize it was the phone malfunctioning . Another problem is static on the phone occurring randomly on calls . We 've never had that problem until these new phones were put in.I am returning the phones because of these two issues . However , there are some pretty glaring design issues I 'd also like to draw your attention to.DESIGN DISAPPOINTMENTS -LRB- design points that make me wonder , with lots of frustration , what Panasonic engineers were thinking -RRB- : -- Unlit keypad -LRB- I knew about this from other reviews , but seriously , previous Panasonic phones had lit keyboards , what genius decides to go backwards on a key feature like this -RRB- -- Non-dedicated key for voicemail -LRB- yes , this phone has an answering machine , but I ca n't buy a non-answering machine phone anymore , thank you Panasonic ... they could at least recognize that a fair amount of people will use voicemail and design with that in mind , their previous phones had that -RRB- -- Cheap feel to the phone itself -LRB- felt and looked like a cheap plastic kids toy -RRB- -- Clunky menus . The menus on the handset were not natural to flow through . It is not that hard to take the time to make use and flow of menus an easy and non-confusing thing . These felt like an after-thought . The sad thing ? I am going to stay with Panasonic since they still have the best quality phone in my mind , it just happens to be a phone they no longer produce and sell , the KX-TGA520M series phone . Looks like I 'll be shopping eBay and Amazon marketplace.Really disappointed with the direction Panasonic is going in with their phones .
 I was very excited to get this phone when I switched to VOIP -LRB- Vonage -RRB- . Since VOIP only gives you one jack , I wanted a phone with long range that would n't interfere with my wireless network . I 've had this phone for three months and am very disappointed . The phone works great within 50 ' of the base , but has big problems beyond that . I installed the base in my home office , but had no reception in my BR at the other end of the house . My house is a 2000 square feet ranch with the kitchen in the middle . I ran a phone wire from my VOIP modem to my kitchen to have the base in a central location . Even from here I can not get good reception in my BR which is now only 52 feet away . There are two rooms in between , one bedroom and one bathroom . I made sure that no appliances are obstructing the signal . I wish the base had an external antenna to extend the range .
 The base station did n't even last one year . After about 8 months , it started to show various errors in performance , and then about 11 months , it died completely . Very disappointing .
 My first set had problems after 2 weeks . The base unit would just power down without notice . It would eventually turn back on but not due to anything I did.Upon calling Panasonic they wanted me to send the set in for service , which annoyed me . I called Amazon and they agreed to replace the set . Amazon was absolutely amazing regarding the way customer service was handled . They made it completely painless for me to get a replacement set.The replacement set has worked much better . The power down problem has n't happened at all in the 2 months I 've had the replacement set . One of the phones seems to have bad batteries as that phone holds a charge for very little time . I 'm just going to replace the batteries in that one.Overall the set is very good . I do believe the sound quality was better in my prior Uniden set , but this set is still pretty good.Update a few months later
 Love the phones other than when my wife and I both try to both talk to someone like a relative . Whoever picks up the phone first , great , the second person that picks up another phone , after about 1 - 2 minutes , the second phone just starts beeping and you can no longer hear any conversation . Then you have to turn the phone off , and back on again , and you can talk for another minute or two , then more constant beeping . Turn it off again . The batteries are good , fully charged , and the base , is about 20 feet away , no further than the other phone that 's in use .
 I bought this paper because it said it was compatible with HP inkjet printers . IT 'S NOT ! The black ink never dries to the paper and smears everywhere . I emailed the company about this problem and this is the response I got : `` We believe to know the reason although we do n't own a 1610 printer to prove.Your printer has dye based Vivera inks for Cyan , Magenta and Yellow and pigmented ink for Black . Our inkjet media you have is still the previous version of the Smooth Pearl Product which did n't perform well with the Vivera pigmented inks -LRB- in your case the Black -RRB- . We launched this summer a new improved Smooth Pearl Paper that is now also compatible to the Vivera pigmented inks . Thus we propose that you switch to the new version IGSPP11 . `` They did n't even give me a coupon for the new paper ... I doubt it even works . WASTE OF MONEY !
 This does NOT work with the new 5.8 GHz phones contrary to the advertising .
 Great unit - works as advertised . But , you 'll be unable to navigate computer-based menus -LRB- enter password , `` press 1 ... '' , etc. -RRB- This is dealbreaker , ladies .
 Can `` t get unit to work , not sure if it 's me or the unit , can hear on it OK , when I send a Call on Skype , my modem gets disconnected ...
 it is too thin and if u r not careful it will dry curlprint quality is good not thickness of paper
 I specifically needed and ordered Epson SO41133 and was shipped SO41143 without permission . I am furious that I spent my time to find and order a specific item only to have it substituted .
 This photo paper is Epson and it is photo paper . That is as far as it gets.I have toilet paper that is thicker and stiffer than this paper.Not what I expected .
 I question if the stated 11.7 x16 .5 '' size is accurate . I have never come across this dimension before and my printer -LRB- Epson 200 -RRB- does not list it as an option .
 I purchased my Panasonic model KX-TG6022B cordless phone to replace a disastrously bad Vtech model ip5825 . Overall , I have been satisfied with the Panasonic so far , but there are some features I miss and some others not well-implemented . Many features are well below current industry standards . -LRB- 1 -RRB- There is no option for a belt-clip for the handset . I find belt-clips very convenient . Instead , there is a small hole at the top for a lanyard , which is not supplied . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Not only is there a separate phone book for each handset , but there are separate caller-id lists -LRB- for incoming calls -RRB- for each handset . There is no option to have only one phonebook or caller-id list . This unfortunate design decision creates a number of problems
 I bought this phone for my daughter for Christmas-it worked for just one day and stopped . Do not buy this phone .
 I 'll just concentrate on the points that I do n't like in this product . The rest is okay . I do n't like :1 . The design , it 's not convenient . And it 's `` edgy '' . The phone feels funny in one 's hand as if one is holding a digging tool or a remote control and not a phone . It does not `` stick '' or `` lay '' well in my hand , easy to drop it accidentally . It 's like a boat .2 . It cuts off after some time and there 's an echo very often .3 . The light stays on in the bedroom all the time . I wish it was not and it would be nice to have an option to disable the light .4 . I do n't like the way the caller ID is displaying the info and what it 's displaying .5 . It emits a lot of radiation from the base even when not in use .6 . When I talk on it for extended periods of time -LRB- 30 minutes to several hours -RRB- keeping the phone next to my ear I get a sharp pain in my head which only goes away in 1 to 2 days.All Panasonic phones seem to be similar in functionality . I 'll try another brand next time . And actually I am going to switch to the old fashioned corded phones to avoid being irradiated . A little bit of inconvenience can go a long way in terms of health benefits !
 It 's probably not fair to give only one star to this item because we never even opened the package . But if you 're expecting a speaker phone , look elsewhere . We got this for an 88 - and 93-year-old because it sounded simple and said it had hearing-enhanced technology that made voices very clear . It also supposedly was able to be used as a speaker phone . Sorry , Charlie . Apparently they do have a phone that can be used as a speaker phone , but in spite of user reviews , this model was n't it .
 This is a really terrible phone with poor build quality and very bad sound quality . I 've owned Panasonic phones before , and this one is a major step backwards for the company . Not only was the noise level in the receiver very high , but clients also complained they had trouble hearing me . The so called `` Voice Enhancer '' actually makes the sound worse in that it seems to amplify and distort the already poor sound quality . Design also suffers due the way the phone sits in the cradle , there 's no way to use a belt clip . There 's a place on the phone to attach a lanyard , but the idea of carrying my phone around on a lanyard or wrist strap seems beyond silly . It 's amazing that of all the electronic devices in our lives , telephones are the ones that seem to get worse with every generation . Panasonic is certainly not the only company guilty of taking giant steps backward .
 This item dropped volume and is erractic . Work intermittently and poorly then . I am very disappointed with this unit . It is not worth the postage to return . I found a less expensive unit on Ebay .
 After reading the many positive reviews about this ` phone , I bought one . But ... it 's terrible . From the start , it constantly cuts out while in use , even though the base is less than 4 feet away .
 I just received several of these and there are several major problems with this product .1 st -RRB- These are actually 3 '' binders , not 2 '' .2 nd -RRB- They are extremely poorly constructed . One of the three I ordered arrived with a major tear in the vinyl cover in the hinge . The inner cardboard is completely exposed.I am very disappointed with the quality of these binders , and I STRONGLY discourage anyone from buying them .
 I bought this exact binder -LRB- model 79982 -RRB- at a local office-supply store . The cover was peeling off before I even got back to the office , revealing the cardboard-like frame underneath . `` Heavy duty '' ? I 'm returning it.The one-touch open/close mechanism is nice though , so I 'll give 1 star for that .
 The first time I took this binder off the shelf , I was glad to find it held a number of women already stocked -LRB- I think my friend , who works for a women 's group , must have done that -RRB- . The fact that it 's 2 inches thick certainly helped , as my collection includes at least twice as many as those in 1-inch binders . Unfortunately , though , the one touch ring is so simple that it 's easy to accidentally open , as I did at one point , and all my women immediately escaped . Who would 've guessed they wanted to see life outside the domestic confines of binderly bliss ?
 Oops ! One would expect by looking at the photo of this phone that it would rest in the charger when not in use . Wrong ! According to Panasonic the charger is only for charging a completely dead phone . If you rest them in their chargers instead of letting the battery completely discharge , the battery will die a very early death.Very poor functionally . Panasonic says that you can not change the type of battery that is used . Their suggestion is to buy new phones that have different batteries . Crazy!Costco just started carrying these phones . There will be millions of expensive headaches!PS When our phones went dead Panasonic 's batteries were on back order .
 The rechargable battery in this handset WILL develop a memory and become unusable during the warrenty period . Panasonic claims the battery in this handset is an `` Accessory '' and not covered under the warrenty . And , they say `` sorry '' but they can not help . Interestly , they do cover some batteries in other handsets.My suggestion is NOT so buy products from a company where the usage of the product causes a problem they do not cover . If you are willing to replace the battery yourself every 3 - 6 months of use , it is probably a good handset.Personally , I will not buy another Panasonic product .
 I returned the item . It was heavy and hard to attach to your screen . I felt it was going to fall off at any time .
 I bought this so called premium footrest with `` easily adjustable foot lever '' . In the first place , the lever could n't be depressed with the foot , it was so tight , finally it got depressed , and I was able to adjust the angle , but now it just wo n't lock into place , no matter how much pressure I apply.I was so disappointed with the quality of the lever , and to think I spent so much money on the footrest . . I would advise you to look elsewhere and not waste your money !!
 It IS sturdy . But it is majorly hard to adjust . I finally made it unadjustable by accident while trying to adjust it ! There must be better .
 I truly hate this stupid footrest . The thing is so difficult to adjust . The lever does not depress at all . And if you are adjusting the height to be > 3-4 '' tall , then you also need to also use the knob on the bottom . But unfortunately , it is impossible - and I mean impossible -LRB- I 've tried all manner of tools -RRB- - to get this knob tightened enough so that the height adjustment holds.If you are short and have it set to the highest height , you will find that the crappy plastic height adjustment slides out of position . Within days , it 'll be just 3 '' tall .
 These labels are very hard to get off the release sheetand they are almost IMPOSSIBLE to put down on to my mailingsthey are very sticky and very hard to place and put into the correctplace on my lettersI many for the 100 I used that had major creases in the label and had to be re-done I threw the rest awayTotal waste of time and moneyNever buy this item
 Talking caller ID gets annoying . Cant turn off ringer with handset . No light up keypad . Too small , hard to dial with one hand . Voice enhancement need to be turn to be able to hear person on othe end . Cheezy ring tones . Illogical menu setup . Too many buttons , Hard to awnser at night .
 We had problems with these phones soon after we received them . They cut off after dialing a number . We called the company and they said to return them which we did . We have always been pleased with Panasonic , this may have just been one bad set .
 After a service call from AT&T ; at my expense it was determined that my phone didnt work - it had lasted just 4 months - I went to the Panasonic website for service info and found the model number is not listed . There is no TG6052B only TG6052M ... and they are not open on weekends.One has to send all the phone items and wires etc to a service center in Texas -LRB- cost $ 15 ? -RRB- BUT YOU NEED PROOF OF PURCHASE - as I bought it online from AMAZON I dont have a receipt - I dont know how this is going to Pan out if you will forgive the pun . If you are lucky the best you can hope for is a refurbished phone sent back to you . If they dont have the right model they reserve the right to send you anything.Fortunately I kept my old phone - which still works .
 I 've owned this phone system for just over one week . In that time it has performed pretty well . It replaced an older V-Tech 900 MHz phone that I LOVED . It was built like a tank , did n't interfere with my wireless network , and sounded WAY better than this Panasonic.But , it died . And based on review here I bought this phone system.PROS
 I recently bought a Panasonic KX-TG6052 cordless phone . After only 2 months of service , it went dead
 Received this phone/answering system to replace an older Panasonic system . Immediately found that the answering system does not have an LCD message counter ! How useless is an answerer without the ability to be able to see how many messages you received and worse , after you play the messages there is no indication of how many are still left on the machine . Also , the annoying talking caller ID `` feature '' wo n't shut off even though there is a menu option to turn it off . Lastly , you ca n't set the volume up high enough to properly hear your messages without a completely silent room . Sending back to Amazon immediately ! Note
 It 's been over a month and I have not received the phone in the mail yet . Not impressed . If it arrives , hopefully it will be worth the wait .
 This is more of a toy than a real phone . I miss my old Phone-mate system.Drawbacks :1 -RRB- Horrible sound . When using the handset the station speaker crackles .2 -RRB- No battery back up .3 -RRB- Horrible method of setting up the time -LRB- ca n't it just pull the time from the same place the DVD player does ? -RRB- 4 -RRB- Short battery life of the handsets5 -RRB- Phone numbers are stored in the handsets and not on the main station . Very aggravating .6 -RRB- Phone is unusable during a power outage except for slamming against forehead for being so dumb as to buy this thing.Pros :1 -RRB- The phone does ring .2 -RRB- Caller id works .3 -RRB- Nice color .4 -RRB- Hmmmm . That 's about it . Oh wait , I know . I have now learned never to buy a Panasonic product again .
 I purchased one of these and it worked properly for a few weeks . When the phone rings , a loud static-noise comes out of the base 's speaker . When talking on the phone , voices on both ends are staticy . Occasionally , you can hear phone conversations over the base unit speaker . I exchanged it for the exact same model ; after a few months it was the same thing all over again . This is a piece of sh $ % !
 Ok , I bought this phone and threw away the box and I have confidence in Panasonic . I do n't use my landline very often and I received my 1st call today . Could not get the volume loud enough , it was echoing back at me and the clarity was poor . I had my brother on the phone and he said he had the same problem with several sets he recently purchased and returned , all different manufacturers , all 2.4 to 5.8 ghz phones . After research caused by frustration , he found out that if you have wireless in your home , even a wireless alarm system -LRB- ME -RRB- , it may interfere with the cordless phone , evidently its the moderate to inexpensive models of the 5.8 GHZ phones . They only receive or transmit at 5.8 , not always in both directions . The only moderately price phones that are not imnpacted by wireless services in the home are the new 6.0 frequency phones . If you have a hard wired alarm system and a cable modem or dial up , no problem . I feel better but I wish that this type of information was out there for the consumer when purchasing . I am now stuck with this phone set and will have to buy another one .
 I know I 'm bellyaching about an obsolete piece of crap but I just need to get this off my chest ... 1 . From the start - the Toll Saver system never worked . It always rings 4 times whether there are new messages or not . No settings , no fixes .2 . When you call home to get new messages , the `` new messages '' light on the base unit stops flashing . When another person from the household gets home they wo n't see there are new messages .3 . If you transfer the message database from one handset to another , any numbers stored exclusively on the receiving handset are wiped out .4 . When the set was new I noticed some other features did n't seem to work right or at all , but as they were n't important to me I did n't care.Now , after two years the LCD display on phone 1 suddenly went dead . It lights but no characters display . Believe it or not I was able to temporarily fix this by sticking the phone in the freezer for about 10 minutes . But this trick only worked twice - just long enough to copy down all the stored phone numbers . Where did I get this idea ? I 've worked with electronics a long time - never rule anything out before you open the trash can.Within 3 weeks of losing phone 1 's display , phone 2 locked up last night while setting in its cradle . The time was frozen on the display at 9 PM the previous evening . No buttons worked , the light was out , and the phone was rather hot . This was fixed by simply removing & reinstalling the battery . But now I can never trust this handset again so that makes this complete set useless.I bought this set based on my good luck with my old Panasonic cordless , still going strong after 10 -LRB- ? -RRB- years . But maybe now Panasonic has gone they way of Sony , using their once-good name to peddle absolute garbage . Never again .
 this was bought to wall mount -- even though it is listed as suitable for wall mounting it is certainly not an option
 I have been having trouble with static on the phone and not being able to hear very well when talking on it .
 These pens are economically priced , but stop working very quickly ! There appears to be copious amounts of ink visible in the barrel , but the pens just quit writing.In other words ... they really suck ! Will not purchase anymore .
 The look and feel of this pen is great but its very `` picky '' about what it wants to work on . for instance
 I bought a large package of these pens in early 2010 . I stored the ones we were n't using in our desk supplies . When I needed a new one this weekend , I pulled one out and could n't get it to write . So , thinking that I should have stored them upright , I put the pens in a mug on my desk . Two days later , none will write . They all look as if there is plenty of ink as another reviewer stated . What a complete waste of money . I will be throwing away 7 of these .
 I bought these cheap black ink ballpoint pens for a hospital setting where I write a lot of notes throughout the day . -LRB- I use cheap pens because they get misplaced or others pick them up . I have lost too many expensive pens over the years . -RRB- While I like the grip and they write better than many other inexpensive retractable pens , the Z-Grip Medium clear barrel retractable pens often stop writing at the most inopportune moments . I have to carry 2 or more pens with me because one will inexplicably stop writing even though there is plenty of ink and no visible air gap . No amount of scribbling will allow the pen to write again . The pens also fall apart and sometimes the retractable clicker will stop working . I am down to my last Z-Grip pen out of 24 and I will be moving on to try some different brands .
 First of all , for those cheap reviewers who say `` Do n't Waste Your Hard-Earned $ '' , come on guys it 's 3.95 $ with amazon prime , less than what you would spend of a taco or big mac . . You get 12 pens for a reasonable price , that obviously have some pro 's and cons . The soft rubber grip is really good as well as the visible ink supply that lets you see when your pen is about to turn dry and die . On the other hand , they state it has a `` quick drying ink '' and i found that in many situations i 've had ink smudges on my papers due to wet ink or some excessive realease of ink . Overall , i still use them and they 've pretty much worked great -LRB- except 1 of the 12 pens that died considerably soon after 2 days of use -RRB- . If you 're not a pro in need of a Parker pen , i would recommend this product to you cause it fits its low price * update * first pens worked fairly good . . most of the others just got dry or something like that , cause i still see ink inside of them but most of them wo n't write . . i 've kept them in a cool place , not exposed to sunlight -LRB- just in case anyone thought that was the problem -RRB- but still they dried out . . too bad cause them look great and are extremely comfortable on your hand . .
 I wish I could give these pens a good review - I think they are so nice looking , they have a good grip , and I like how they write . However , I consistently have difficulty actually keeping them writing . Multiple pens in the pack have abruptly given up working within a week of being purchased . I can see there is plenty of ink in the barrel , but nothing comes out . Very frustrating .
 It is bad enough that I have gone through 8 of thee `` Z-grip '' pens that write for a short while and then clog up . Worse is the blatant disregard for our grandchildren to great-great-great-gandchildren who will still have the oceans and landfills polluted by all the wasted materials of `` supposedly disposable '' pens . There is no `` away '' place for anything to be `` thrown . `` I encourage everyone to mail these insulting excuses for pens to the company and let them deal with the tons of waste they have created ! Zebra Pen Corporation US 242 Raritan Center Parkway Edison , New Jersey 08837 Tel -LRB-800-RRB-247-7170 , -LRB-732-RRB-225-6310 E-mail
 Every single pen I 've used stops working long before the ink has run out . There appears to be plenty of ink left , but all of a sudden the pen stops writing regardless of what I do . What more is there to say . Do n't buy these .
 At first I thought this pen was great . But very shortly -LRB- by most ballpoint pen standards -RRB- after you start using it , it just decides not to work any more . This is the 5th or 6th time this hashappened with this brand of pen . I just threw out the rest of them.They are terrible ... avoid them at any price .
 I wish I could give these pens a good review - I think they are so nice looking , they have a good grip , and I like how they write . However , I consistently have difficulty actually keeping them writing . In a 12-pack , a quarter of the pens -LRB- so far -RRB- have abruptly given up working within a week of being purchased . I can see there is plenty of ink in the barrel , but nothing comes out . Very frustrating .
 They feel and look nice but they are n't worth getting to be honest . Normally I 'm a junkie for anything Zebra brand , pink or purple , but they do n't write very well ! The ink is VERY faint , and the pen is n't as smooth as it should be . I do love Zebra 's Ola Pens a LOT better , if you want anything Zebra pen related do n't get these ! Try Ola instead .
 If you just want an inexpensive pen , you 're better off going to the bank or grocery store and swiping their courtesy pens . These pens write about 20 % of the time and the writing is spotty and inconsistent when they do - making anything you write illegible to anybody -LRB- yourself included . I 've tried every pen in the pack , and they all write the same way . You do get lucky once in a while and get it to write two or three sentences consistently , but you also have time where it wo n't write at all for a long time ! I even contacted the company to get a replacement -LRB- in case it was just a bad batch -RRB- , explained what was happening , and got the following response : `` Thank you for your feedback . Have a nice day . `` Wow.We had these in our store , but enough customers tried to write a check , sign a credit card slip or make a note of something on our business cards and almost never got a working pen , so we took them out and made a note to avoid Zebra pens at all costs . The ~ $ .50 we paid for each pen was about a dollar too much -LRB- my math is n't off there - they 're bad enough to say we should have been paid to have them in our store . Avoid these pens and save yourself the frustration of a bad pen and poor customer service . Yikes .
 The garbage cans are great but come with no lid , the lids they advertise -LRB- an additional $ 9.00 -RRB- were way too small . Therefore went looking for the lids at the local Home Depot and found the the entire thing for less money and with it appropriate lid . When trying to return it , I have to pay for the shipping back and a 15 % re-stocking fee . Not happy .
 I bought this with the understanding that it was for 3 pads , dimensions of the item clearly show that this would be 11 inches long . What it does n't tell you is that 3 of these notepads put together in the package make up the entire length of their measurements .
 Excellent . Why do I need to take my valuable time to fill some ridiculous &#34; quota &#34; , when one word will suffice ?
 This is about as convenient and portable as stuffing an elephant in a small cat carrier . Worthless in my opinion .
 This copier was ordered from `` Adorama Camera `` in New York City through the Amazon site . Unfortunately , upon installation it became apparent that the toner cartridge was defective . The customer rep at Adorama said that the copier was `` dropped '' to us from a distributor and referred me to Canon for service , but Canon said that they would not help because Adorama was not a Canon dealer . Now , over one month after the original order , I am still waiting for a promised replacement from Adorama . I will not place an order like this again through Amazon . There seems to be no recourse if there is a problem .
 I purchased this item for my Mother . Had it sent to Rhinelander , WI . She was very upset that it did n't work . I contacted Adorama Camera and they stated she should return it for a replacement . That 's been a week and a half ago . She has not yet received the replacement product . So as of this moment I am unhappy with the whole purchase .
 I will be returning this item . It was advertised as a portabe / travel copier . I weighs a tonand is not able to be connected to a computer . Really not suited to my needs .
 Let start saying this is slowest copier I ever seen -LRB- I 'm an IT pro with over 15 years of experience -RRB- The copy quality is just fair ... We bought two by mistake . I 'm returning them both .
 Very unhappy with product , slow , bulky , goes through Toner extremely fast.I had a Canon Copier for years.It was amazing.The power supply , went and I decided to buy another Canon.Boy , was this a mistake.It is nothing like the original .
 This is a cleverly designed compact copier , but do n't buy it if you think you would ever need to copy a page from a book . In order to copy a page from a book one must push down on the book to flatten out the part of the page closest to the spine , and this copier would probably break under that kind of pressure . In addition , the surface -LRB- platen , I think they call it -RRB- where one places the book to be copied moves back and forth during the copying process , and even if one does n't push down on the book , a considerable amount of patience and manual dexterity is needed to hold the book perfectly on the surface while it moves . We immediately saw that we would not be able to use this copier , since we occasionally need to copy pages from books , and Amazon was very nice about taking it back even though we had already begun to use the toner cartridge . Amazon even paid the shipping charges to return it .
 I bought a new Canon PC-170 in April 2009 . It broke in September 2009 . The top part of PC-170 is a flatbed scanner that slides back and forth while making photocopies . The sliding scanner stopped working and made a clicking sound . I called Canon customer support , which did NOT informed me that I could have received a replacement via UPS or FedEx . Instead , Canon wanted me to take the machine to some contracted third-party repair center , where I waited for almost an hour to speak to a service technician . I left the photocopier at the service center , and waited for almost a month to get it back.As I was told , PC-170 has one too many moving part . I used it as a portable copier for my work , so I carried it in a car trunk . As I drove around , the flatbed scanner was sliding back and forth on the main unit , which loosened and damaged the moving part over time.Here is the REAL problem with this product
 I will not place an order like this again through Amazon . There seems to be no recourse if there is a problem . This copier was ordered from `` Adorama Camera `` in New York City through the Amazon site . Unfortunately , upon installation it became apparent that the toner cartridge was defective . The customer rep at Adorama said that the copier was `` dropped '' to us from a distributor and referred me to Canon for service , but Canon said that they would not help because Adorama was not a Canon dealer . Now , over one month after the original order , I am still waiting for a promised replacement from Adorama .
 SIXTY SEVEN DOLLARS for a box of badges . After a couple years these cheap plastic badges were so shriveled and lumpy that they were an embarrassment to hand out to our guests ! Even with the card placed in , they would not uncurl ! They looked like I stored them in water ! I was so disgusted I wrote to Avery and they ignored my concerns . I guess I 'd have to pay hundreds to expect quality . Obsurd ! If you buy them , use them up right away , or better yet , stay away from them ! It 's a huge rip off !
 I was doing some shopping for labels , and I came across these . Impressed by the quantity/price ratio , I pulled the trigger . Labelled some boxes . Within 20 minutes the labels were peeling at the edges . Labelled some Rubbermaid totes . Labels did n't even stick . Then I stuck one on a piece of printer paper , figuring anything adhesive sticks to printer paper . Within an hour , the label was peeling up at the edges.Managed to set up a return/refund on the last day it was available , thankfully.Perhaps these stick to old school floppy disks just fine , but for around the house or shipping use , these are 100 % fail .
 This was the top rated system by Consumer Reports . I returned it . The sound quality of the message I recorded as a greeting sounded awful as did the sound of the messages I received . Tried to record my greeting a number of ways , but they all sounded awful .
 Well ... this WAS a great phone and answerer , rated highly by Consumer Reports . The voice quality was always good and the speaker phone option worked well . Sometimes it was difficult to understand messages played back on the base but that may have been as much fault of the caller as it was the phone base itself . Overall it was a good buy -LRB- $ 39.95 at the time -RRB- while it lasted . But as luck would have it , my wife and I went out of town for a week and when we came back , no worky-worky . I 've narrowed it down to a problem in the base itself . The base -LRB- i.e. the answerer -RRB- is in a continuous `` off-hook '' condition even with the power unplugged . Since today is October 19th , anyone want to venture a guess as to when the 1-year limitted warranty expired ? That 's right , October 14th ! This could n't have happened at a worse time since I 'm currently trying to get my house on the market and having an answerer is vital . So tomorrow , I 'm going out to get a new phone and answerer combo -LRB- the UNIDEN DECT 1080-2 -RRB- .
 The phone works but the answering machine does n't . It plays the outgoing message but never takes the phone `` off-hook '' . The calling party ca n't hear the message or leave a message , the phone appears to keep on ringing.And I had to pay return shipping costs to boot . Let 's see if the replacement works ...
 Everything is fine except if you dial by pushing the buttons too fast it does n't take them at all , does n't make the connection , and you have to hang up and start over . Do n't buy this phone if you are ever in a hurry .
 This phone was unable to complete half of its originated calls . The phone was returned for refund
 At least tin cans and a string do n't have that incessant buzzing in the background . Terrible reception on both ends . When I call in to the phone , my husband sounds like he 's in a cave . When I call out from the phone , others can barely hear me , and I have trouble hearing them over the high-pitched buzzing . I rearranged my kitchen to avoid interference from other appliances and have attempted changing the channnel on the phone several times -- no improvements .
 This phone is nothing like I thought it was going to be . First of all , it is so light , it feels like a toy . When I drop it , the whole thing comes apart . I tend to drop things a lot , so that 's not good for me at all . It does n't even have a speaker button on the base like I thought it did . It does have one on the handset , but that does n't help a whole lot . When I click over to answer a second call , more than half the time , I ca n't get back to my first call . I have to hang up and call them back . I should have given this phone a `` 1 star '' rating , but I gave it a 2 , because I am able to talk on it . That 's about the only thing good about it . I would have been better off going to the drug store and buying a phone for $ 10 . This phone costs me about $ 40 , and it was not worth it .
 The phone was very annoying . Everytime I tried to call on the phone , it would not connect . I would have to either change the channel or just not call . I was only able to connect to the number I was calling once in the 30 + times I attempted to call . I returned the phone and went and purchase a different manufactured phone . Consumers Report was very wrong in their rating of this phone . The phone was terrible !!
 The description of this item says EPSON MATTE Photo Paper and what you receive is Epson GLOSSY Photo Parer . I expected to receive Matte and I got Glossy . Looking back at the picture of the item , it does say Glossy in the picture , BUT I went by the Item 's description as I had searched for Matte paper and this item was listed as being Matte in the Item Title in Bold letters .
 I bought this EPSON product #S 041271 photo paper as the same product # I have used for many years to make calendars . The product received was in a different box , although the # was the same , but would not absorb the ink on the reverse side . Contacted ANTonline who responded that consumables are not refundable although I could not find where it said that on the website and they would no longer respond . Will never buy from them again .
 The box was completely opened , and the plastic packet containing the paper was open at the corner . The paper looks mostly undamaged , and I am using it for personal use , not selling my printouts , but still . Not really satisfied , but I need it now , do n't have time to send it back .
 I have been using Avery products for 8 years with nothing but great things to say about them , and particularly liked the old style 5660 labels , but these new `` easy peel '' ones have been an absolute nightmare . My office laser printer -LRB- a brand spankin new Kyocera 400ci -RRB- jams every single time I try to print on them . As a laser printer -LRB- which these labels are advertised for -RRB- , it has a drum that heats up in order to print . Not a problem with the old labels , but the east peels literally shrink and melt from the mild heat , pulling the plastic from the paper and causing the 3 columns to separate . In the machine.At $ 49 a box , I would suggest anyone planning on using them at least test a sheet on their printer , because if your 's is anything like mine you 're going to be frustrated , angry , and out $ 49 .
 I let the labels dry for hours and they still smudged when I was applying to envelopes . I have never had that problem with other clear labels .
 I ordered these labels using my cell phone and did not notice they are for Laser Printers instead of ink jet like the 8660 . Not sure how they work on Laser printers , but they do not work on ink jet . Thought I was getting a good deal on a larger package , but did not notice that when I searched for 8660 it also brought up these 5660 and the package looks almost the same . Should have paid more attention to the label .
 Not only did this not work , but it was very cheaply made and I did n't think it would hold up to any kind of daily useage .
 Current Kensington MODEL IS NOT WHAT IS SHOWN.Kensington says this is model K60006US :[ ... -RSB- DIMENSIONS CAN NOT BE `` 3 x 80 x 15.8 inches '' !!!
 The Phone looks good , but you ca n't hear well on the hand piece . Would return it , but might cost me more for shipping . Bad sale !
 The battery was dead when I received the phone so I was not able to use it and it was a waste of my money .
 Handset arrived from ANTOnline with dead battery , AT&T replaced the battery . Phone does not maintain connection to base which is downstairs -LRB- 1st floor -RRB- approximately 30 ' away .
 I can not say anything about this item because it was not what I wanted . I bought this by mistake and I have not use it yet .
 These phones were brand new , however they would not register with our existing system . We will have to send them back .
 Be clear this is not a phone . You need the at & t phone first , then this will act as an extra , necessary I suppose if you have a gigantic house .
 Base for this phone non existent . Looks like a great phone but , with the non production of compatible base units ; it is worthless.I 'm glad that I did n't waste any more money .
 Handset wo n't hold a charge ! Purchase phone as a replacement handset -- one of the old handset failed after a year . Opened the box and charged unit overnight ... the next day the handset was still charging ??? Ignored the charging indicator and registered phone with the base unit ... no problem . After a few minutes , I got a lo batt signal from handset . Placed unit back on charger and charged overnight again . Next day , tried using handset but the unit would only work for a few minutes . Charged overnight again and tried one more time the next day ... still wo n't hold a charge . Returned unit using Amazon 's excellent return policy . Thanks Amazon !
 I am a usability engineer for websites . This has got to be the worst design I have ever seen in a phone . If you tilt your head the wrong way , it hangs up on the person you are talking to . The design of it is so terrible because of the location of the off button and also how touchy the button itself is . I definitely would not recommend this phone to anyone . It will embarass you during phone conversations because you will have to call people back because you will constantly be hanging up on them .
 Dont order this if you dont buy the main base . I bought it because i thought it would work with my at & t telephone but it doesnt it has to be the same model as this , they should include that info in their product description . So I have to return it with my own expense . Their return policy sucks !!! NEVER AGAIN WITH THIS COMPANY !
 I should have listened to the minority of reviewers who said that the phone arrived with a dead battery , and could not be charged , when they received the phone . Mine too was useless . It seems to be a standard problem with this unit . Amazon can not exchange the item , only refund it , so I have to start the whole process again , with another phone . What a waste of time and effort . Do n't bother with this phone .
 I would NOT recommend this product . I had the base for about 5 years . The tone on the keypad never worked right . I got a second telephone line so I ordered an additional handset . It worked for about 2 weeks.I registed the handset with the base ok . I then decided to swith the phone to the other telephone line . The base handset worked ok , but now the additional one I just bought 2 weeks ago does nothing . It just sits there saying `` Connecting ... '' . I de registered the original handset ok and re registered it , but nothing on the new handset.I tried everything . I even brought into the AT&T ; store which said there is nothing they could or would do . I called the 800 number -LSB- ... -RSB- and there response is that they no longer support this phone.If you do n't support it why do you still SELL it . Shame on you AT&T. ; this is my last phone from you.Shame on you Amazon for even selling it . I hope you take it off your website
 I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN SATISFIED WITH V-TECH PRODUCTS UNTIL I BOUGHT THIS PHONE . IT DID NOT HOLD UP WELL AT ALL . I HAVE HAD IT LESS THAN A YEAR AND IT ALREADY NEEDS TO BE REPLACED . KEYS ARE NO LONGER WORKING . VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE RANGE ALSO
 I 'm now shopping for a different phone . Lack of backlighting on the caller id box makes it very hard to read caller id . There is consistent background noise while using the phone and the other party sounds like they are down a tunnel and can barely hear me either . The price was great , but the phone simply does n't meet minimum standards .
 this phone was listed with lcd back lite and dial pad lite.it has no lites and you ca n't see the number in the lcd.for this price i expected more but got less . do not wast your time unless you have a well lited room .
 The caller ID does n't fit the my country 's system and Vtech does n't expose theirs . Besides it has a continuous noise during normal local calls . -LSB- Poor -RSB- quality phone !!
 VTech makes good products , and I have been pleased with other phones from them , but this one has a constant , low-level hum that is audible both to me and my outside callers . Not strongly distuprive but certainly noticable , and consistent regardless of location , other devices , etc. . Disappointing problem on an otherwise good product .
 When I first got this item , I fell in love with it . I followed the instructions and made big , beautiful labels . Following the instructions turns out to be crucial , so do n't lose them . Many settings are mutually exclusive -LRB- this also changes with different sizes of labels -RRB- and the unit does nothing to suggest there 's a conflict ; it simply does n't do anything , which makes it frustrating to figure out what is wrong.Things really get bad , though , when you use the small -LRB- 6mm -RRB- labeling tape
 Well , I thought that this was a good deal - wrong ! It 's truly a poorly designed label maker . It 's bulky and hard to use . The instruction manual claims that this unit makes `` high quality '' labels . I found that the lables where poorly aligned and of poor print quaility . Pass on this one !
 The LabelManager was an item that I definitely needed and wanted for both home and work . However , the LabelManager does not even come close to being easy to use so for the most part , I do n't use it as much as I hoped . One of the first problems I had , was the unit required 8 batteries or an AC adapter . I installed 8 BRAND NEW Energizer batteries and the unit still would not work until I used a spare AC adapter . The second problem is the awkward design of the key pad which makes it hard to type . Third , and most frustrating is that the labels do not peel away from the backing very easily . And after typing up 47 labels , I DO NOT have the patience to sit and struggle with peeling difficult labels . All-in-all , I prefer the Brother P-Touch !!
 Save your money . The replacement ribbons cost more than the unit iw worth .
 Cheaply made and mine -LRB- I think was put together wrong -RRB- . The letters are opposite so regardless of how you rotate it one is upside down . Returned item
 I ordered 2 reams but both of them had been badly damaged ; the boxes protecting the paper were torn and bent , as if someone had dropped both of them on one corner , and to my dismay , ALL of the sheets had been damaged as a result ! The corners of the paper had terrible creases that were obvious and unfixable . I was using these to print high quality prints for sale , and these are now unusable . These are very expensive papers to simply let this go.I am guessing these were dropped in the Amazon Warehouse , as the larger Amazon box the reams had been shipped in was n't damaged at all !
 BUYER BEWARE ! This seller scammed me ! I ordered 4 boxes of 13x19 '' Epson Ultra Premium Presentation Paper -LRB- 5 star grade -RRB- as it shows in the picture but when I got them , the boxes said 11x17 '' Premium Presentation Paper -LRB- 3 star grade -RRB- !!! The 3 star grade is flimsy like normal generic paper , not stiffer cardstock like the Ultra Premium . Terrible , will never do business with again !
 Lousy piece of junk . NO range . My old Panasonic -LRB- handset got rained on -RRB- had a good 1/4 mile range . This wo n't go 100 feet . Ringer volume does not adjust . And today I picked it up after a week in the cradle and it went dead in 15 minutes . At least now I get to buy a new phone . I had this for five months and will not miss it .
 This phone is an excellent example of the saying `` You get what you pay for . '' Yes , it is very affordable -LRB- and that was the driving motivation behind my buying it -RRB- , but I ended up returning it after just two calls.I value sound quality and range in a phone , and this is why I decided to replace my 900Mhz Panasonic with a 2.4 Ghz item . Alas , this GE product fell flat on its face.The first thing that I noticed was the annoying echo amplification of my voice into the earpiece . This made talking quite distracting . Secondly , my girlfriend claimed that she could barely hear me and that when she did , I sounded `` metallic and muffled . '' Furthermore , as soon as I moved more than 15ft away from the base station , the static started to kick in . I live in the basement , and I found the static to increase exponentially as soon as I went upstairs to the point where one could n't hear anything while in the bathroom . By comparison , the sound on my Uniden TRU346 , which I highly recommend , was crystal clear throughout my house and even out in my backyard.The only thing that this phone has going for it is its looks . I really liked the cool design and the fact that the antenna lit up when receiving a call ...
 I 've seen other people rave about this product , but after using it for a few days , I ca n't see how . When you squeeze the Imak Mouse Cushion , it feels soft , but the problem arises when you place it on a hard surface and rest your hand on it . The plastic beads can only move so far before they reach the limits of the fabric covering and form a hard layer . Perhaps if you 're the type of person who moves their arm a lot while using the mouse , it would keep the beads in motion . However , for someone who moves the mouse mainly with their fingers while keeping their hand in pretty much the same spot for hours , it starts to feel like a rock.I have tried `` fluffing '' it , moving it around , etc , but in the end , my hand starts to hurt just as much as if I was n't using anything.Beyond the fact that I do n't find it comfortable at all as a wrist cushion , the non-skid backing does n't work very well . It does n't grip either the smooth simulated wood surface of my desk , or my plastic mouse pad.I did get a chuckle from the package which proclaims `` Works with any mouse ! '' Are there actually people in this world who would look at an over-priced bean-bag and think `` Gee , I wonder if this is compatible with my mouse ? `` I 'll be returning this Mouse Cushion to the store for a refund and trying one of the memory-foam cushions instead .
 I was expecting something that had a stiffer feel to it but the fabric that surrounded the pellets was way too stretchy . Due to the stretch factor of this cushion , I felt like there was no support for my wrist at all . I may as well have not used this cushion at all . I do n't have a big wrist at all -LRB- my braclet size is 5.5 '' -RRB- , so when I rested my wrist on the cushion , the fabric would give and all of the pellets would move out to the left and right sides of the cushion -LRB- as the fabric stretched out -RRB- and then it left me with no pellets beneath my wrist ... which meant no support at all . This was really a waste of money . I am sure that if the fabric were not stretchy at all , then the shape of the cusion and would probably have provided the support I was looking for . Do n't waste your money here .
 imak from amazon is smaller and softer compared to my original imak wrist cushion.Went to check the near local store and found full size and better support for little more price.IMO , imak cushion from amazon is different product and it does not function well as wrist cushion.Need to let buyers know this product is smaller and softer version , compare to its original .
 The product just is n't very good for its purpose . I now have to buy another gel one because this is just pretty much useless to me . Both the mouse support and the keyboard support . I bought matching , naturally . I still end up having to hold my wrists up because the beads inside of the product migrate over to either end within a minute or two and my wrist is sitting on the table again . There just is n't much support .
 All the features on this phone are great except you ca n't have it close to a computer , you ca n't have any electronics on or you get constant line noise . According to their Customer service , you have to have the phone 9 feet away from your computer . If you have to work on your computer , how can you use the speakerphone ? I moved my phone 9 feet away and I still get line noise ! Time to get a new phone !
 In 2006 I bought two Uniden 6465s . At the end of 2007 one was working well , but the base unit in the other stopped working . No indicators lit . Uniden tech support offered to replace the unit for $ 10 if I could produce a receipt . I told them that if I had known Uniden built low-quality products , I would have saved the receipt . I wo n't buy another Uniden .
 I bought this phone at Office Max for the same price as Amazon -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- . The price was good and the phone felt good in the hand . I liked the antenna lighting up - it gave a visula indication that it was working , but I wonder how much extra battery-time it sucks up . The clarity was good as long as you were near the base . BUT , the volume was too low , even at the highest setting . I kept having to ask my caller to repeat what they said . I also did my usual test of going outside and seeing how far away I could go before the signal became noisy . I barely got out the door before I got all this crackling and static . The range was no where near my two other 900 MHZ phones . Back to the store for a refund with this unit . Bottom Line
 Even though the reception was ok , I quickly got discouraged with this phone . I guess it 's true you get what you pay for ... unfortunately . First the CID screen started getting scratched up , even though it was n't being mishandled . Then , suddenly , I noticed it would take 2 - 3 times to dial out and get a connection . At first , I thought it was the phone company or my lines on my house . Then one day I just happened to hear what was going on with it . After pressing the buttons on the phone , you hear the phone 's buttons emit their tone and afterward you should hear the actual dialing out of the number for the tone dialing setting . Well some of the numbers were n't dialing out and it was random to any number at different times ... i.e. # 2 , # 5 and # 7 ... it seems like an odd problem to me . I 've had this phone for more than 6 mos at least so I guess I 'm stuck with it ... so buyer beware .
 This is an analog phone -LRB- not digital -RRB- . GE -LRB- as many others -RRB- do a sneaky job of advertising it as 2.4 GHz without touting that it is an analog phone . When checking out phones pay attention to analog vs digital . Digital is more secure and of better quality . A 900Mhz DIGITAL phone will most always be better then any 2.4 GHz ANALOG phone.Another thing bad about this phone is they way the Caller ID screen sticks out it gets scuffed up after a short period of use . I imagine that after a year of use you will not be able to view the caller ID screen . This is just bad design.On a good note the way I do like the way the stubby antenna lights up when the phone rings .
 This phone is an excellent example of the saying `` You get what you pay for . '' Yes , it is very affordable -LRB- and that was the driving motivation behind my buying it -RRB- , but I ended up returning it after just two calls.I value sound quality and range in a phone , and this is why I decided to replace my 900Mhz Panasonic with a 2.4 Ghz item . Alas , this GE product fell flat on its face.The first thing that I noticed was the annoying echo amplification of my voice into the earpiece . This made talking quite distracting since it seemed like my voice was drowning out the caller . Secondly , my girlfriend claimed that she could barely hear me and that when she did , I sounded `` metallic and muffled . '' Furthermore , as soon as I moved more than 15ft away from the base station , the static started to kick in . I live in the basement , and I found the static to increase exponentially as soon as I went upstairs to the point where one could n't hear anything while in the bathroom . By comparison , the sound on my Uniden TRU346 , which I highly recommend , was crystal clear throughout my house and even out in my backyard.The only thing that this phone has going for it is its looks . I really liked the cool design and the fact that the antenna lit up when receiving a call.My recommendation is to spend the extra $ 20-30 and buy a Uniden or Vtech .
 Initially , I was thrilled with this phone . After a month or so , however , the reception deteriorated . Now there is a constant popping sound , which is incredibly annoying !!! It 's so bad that I 'm now shopping for a new phone . Do n't make the same mistake I did -- falling for cool looks and a low price . Buy a different phone and save yourself the aggravation .
 I liked the looks of this phone , the attractive price and the 2.4 GHz . However , when I set up the phone and used it after the required battery charge period , I was very disappointed ! The sound quality is just poor . Not just `` tiny/metallic '' but annoying is a better word that comes to mind . At first I could n't hear the other person , so I turned up the volume - yes , it got louder but so did the noise . The signal to noise ratio must be incredibly bad . I originally purchased the phone so that I could carry it with me outside - at least to the back yard - yet the reception was so bad that I could n't hear the caller . And this being only 25 yards or so ... while my 900 MHz Uniden was able to receive calls a 1/4 mile away.Poor quality , poor reception ... do n't buy this phone .
 The model # 27930ge3-p cordless phone i purchased at k-mart in london ky just over a year ago quit working whenever i hit the talk button i get 3 beeps but no dial tone . I tried to contact GE about my prob . but that was impossible . They make you go thru some outfit called Thompsons who handles their phone products for them and you ca n't get thru this outfits voice mail layers to speak with a real person . After spending 15 min working my way thru their automated voice system , it finally instructed me that if I had the phone over a year it was out of warrenty and if it had quit working i should get rid of it and buy a new one . As far as I am concerned GE does not have any customer support for their phones .
 This phone is horrible . The volume is so low I ca n't hear people and people ca n't hear me , even with the volume all the way up . Using a headset does n't fix the problem either . Asking people to continually repeat themselves gets old really quick .
 This is by far the worst cordless phone that I have purchased . I expected a lot more from a 2.4 GHz phone . The reception is very poor . I get a lot of static during my conversations , and unknown voices usually cut in . I ca n't step foot in my backyard with this phone , it has very little range ! The sound quality is also very poor . The best thing about this phone is that it has all the buttons that you need . I truly ca n't wait to trash it !
 I bought this phone two weeks ago , and gave it to my daughter this evening to go in a yard sale . GE could n't give me another at gunpoint . The reception is not even close to a 900 mhz Sony that we have .
 There are certain household items in which cutting costs can be painfully apparent , and a telephone is one of them ... . Yes , this GE cordless phone comes at what looks like a bargin price , but is it really worth it ??? ... . Absolutely not ... The first thing I noticed was the way the small AC plug hummed when plugged into the wall
 This is the worst cordless phone I 've ever owned . I get static inside of my home . It 's impossible to take outside . It 's very poor quality . I expected more from a 2.4 ghz phone . Do n't waste your time on it .
 I have owned numerous cordless phones over the years , and I must say this one has by far the poorerst sound and reception quality . Another reviewer pointed out that the phone is analog rather than digital , perhaps that is why . I have overwhelming static when I walk more than 30 feet away from the base . I also own a Sony Digital 2.4 GHz phone and receive great reception even INSIDE my neighbor 's house ! Of course , it cost almost 4x more than this phone , but you get what you pay for in this case .
 We bought this phone when we moved and it worked fine for about a month then the battery life went short . I could talk for about 20 minutes before the battery would start to die . -LRB- After charging over night -RRB- . Now the reception is poor , you can usually not hear well on it at all . I would not recommend this to anyone . Not worth the money when you have to replace it 30 days later .
 My dad bought this phone . We were all excited that it would work even if we wanted to walk to our mailbox or the next door neighbor 's because of its 2.4 GHz . The phone worked great for about a month but now there is this constant fuzzing/popping noise that we cant get rid of . Its not only on our line but the person that you are talking to can hear it too ! Its so annoying .
 My dad bought this phone . We were all excited that it would work even if we wanted to walk to our mailbox or the next door neighbor 's because of its 2.4 GHz . The phone worked great for about a month but now there is this constant fuzzing/popping noise that we cant get rid of . Its not only on our line but the person that you are talking to can hear it too ! Its so annoying .
 Initially , I was thrilled with this phone . After a month or so , however , the reception deteriorated . Now there is a constant popping sound , which is incredibly annoying !!! It 's so bad that I 'm now shopping for a new phone . Do n't make the same mistake I did -- falling for cool looks and a low price . Buy a different phone and save yourself the aggravation .
 This phone was an extreme disappointment . You ca n't leave it off the handset for more than an hour , or it dies . If you 're looking for a quality product , look somewhere else .
 I 've had this phone for almost a year . It was working fine but lately the number keys do not work . So I now have to replace it .
 I tried to like this phone . The light up stub was a nice feature -LRB- especially if listening to music etc -RRB- . for the price I tried to like it , however it died in less than 4 months . As other have reported the phone starts acting up -LRB- doing weird things -RRB- and then stops working . My phone was never dropped . The lights work however the phone no longer functions . GE must get paid just to put their logo on it , because they do n't seem to want to have anything to do with them . I do n't blame them . I would suggest paying a little more and getting a digital phone -LRB- 900 or 2.4 -RRB- .
 This phone has been such a disappointment . It frequently `` loses '' the base and I have to set it back on the charger once or twice to persuade it to work again . I can not talk on this phone and use my microwave at the same time - I hear a dreadful buzzing sound . It makes an annoying screech when I receive a call on Call Waiting -LRB- I have the Caller ID Call Waiting -RRB- . If someone calls several times in a row , it only recalls the most recent call time , and for that matter , it does not seem to sort my calls in chronological order.On the plus side , it sometimes chirps right before a call rings , so I can impress my guests by with my psychic knowledge of an incoming call . Unfortunately , that does not make up for all the flaws in this phone .
 I bought this phone because I figured GE was a good , reputable company with high-quality products . Well , I was wrong . This phone may look cool but it has very poor reception -LRB- I get static even when I 'm standing 1 foot away from the base -RRB- and the volume is never just right . People on the other end of the line are always inaudible and when I turn the volume up , it increases the volume on my end so it sounds like I 'm yelling but I still ca n't hear the person I 'm talking to.I called GE to get it replaced -LRB- along with another GE phone I have that stopped working after less than 1 year -RRB- and they requested that I pay shipping and labor costs on both phones , which came up to more than -LSB- price -RSB- , with no guarantee that my phones would be fixed and no replacements would be made . I hung up and decided never to buy a GE phone again .
 I 've had the phone for about 5 or 6 years and the battery does n't last more than 30 minutes when talking on it.The phone is also has static , so it is a little hard to hear the person you are talking to .
 I bought this phone to replace one that I had and ended up returning it after one call . The reception was worse than my 900mhz phone and it sounded like I was talking and listening from inside a cave . For such a good brand name , I was very dissapointed with the quality of this phone and would not recommend it to anyone .
 This is the worst phone I have ever purchased . I do n't suggest that anyone purchase this phone .
 I got this on sale for $ 20 , phone worked great for almost a year - caller ID , hold , memory , good voice quality - but then the top row of the keypad and the `` TALK '' buttons started getting very hard to push and now I have to work really hard to pick up the phone , and ca n't dial 1 2 or 3 ! Good short term phone , bad long term investment .
 This phone was decent for about 10-12 months , then it started having all sorts of problems and now I 'm looking for a new phone . It gets 2 stars b/c I really did like the features . Good display , decent looking . A bit bulky , but well placed buttons . They just need to work on the quality , I ca n't afford to buy a new phone every year .
 I bought this phone because it looked really cool and it had pretty nice features . Well , I learned my lesson on never buying a product based on its looks . I 've had it for only a couple of months and it dies on me constantly , even if it has been charged an entire day . It 's hard to hear the other person , even with the volume turned up . The caller id does n't put my calls in chronological order so I have to skim through ALL of the calls to find my recent calls . Sometimes it wo n't even display the name when somebody calls . And worst of all , it randomly makes this painfully loud buzzing sound when you talk above a whisper . This phone was a COMPLETE waste of my money . DO N'T BUY IT !
 When I first bought this phone I really liked it . A few months later , the phone would not always lock in a channel and when it did n't , I could not answer the phone . I would hit the talk button , and the phone would just beep at me . Now when I dial , the # 7 does not always work . It is very annoying , and this is my only phone and I can not call someone with a 7 in their number .
 Twice I went through the hassle of ordering an extra handset -LRB- # 3 -RRB- , but my base would not accept it . I even called Uniden customer service and surprisingly they could n't get it to work .
 I do n't write review unless it 's really good or really bad.When I first see this product -LRB- Uniden DCT 6465-2 2.4 GHz -RRB- and the reviews from previous owners , I thought I got `` THE ONE '' I have been looking for
 Liked the phone look and feel . Very easy to use and intuitive to program . The range was never much better than a 900 Mhz spread sprectrum phone that I had previously . The key labels on the handsets have started disappearing with in 4 months of use . They could have used better paint for the labels to remain . The handset has started having an echo already and is nearly unusable . Overall the quality seems to be lacking .
 This product is no longer manufactured by 3M and some of them out there at retailers are defective . I got a drawer with all the parts excetpt for the little hooks to hang it on the brackets ; which I had already drilled holes for and screwed in . I called Tigar Direct , the seller , and they wanted a `` defective code '' and for the drawer to be mailed by 30 days since shipped -LRB- not delivered -RRB- . 3M said they do n't have anything called a `` defective code . '' So after about 3 hours on the phone total , over 2 days , I finally got to the `` product lead '' who said she would send me a return package sticker and then after they recieved the defective package they would send me another drawer.After about 3 weeks since I recieved the original defective drawer I finally got a good one . Meanwhile I had the key board on my lap.The drawer itself is fine , but the hassle getting was n't worth it .
 I bought the two-receiver version of this phone , and really liked it ... that is , until the base unit died . Sent it back under the one year warranty , it took them forever to replace it with a factory reconditioned one , -LRB- which came back with a 90 day warranty , cheating me out of a few months -RRB- . It lasted a month and died again . Now they are telling me it will cost 48.00 to fix . No thanks . Lesson learned , I 'm buying a Panasonic this time.UDATE > I really like the Panasonic KX-TG2344B I got this time . I was able to set it up using the quick instructions , unlike the Uniden , which was overly complicated , and had an 80 page manual written by aliens -LRB- with an index that did n't match the pages -RRB- . The Panasonic handsets are simpler , easier to use , do everything the Uniden does , and the speakerphone on them sounds better .
 Bought this phone and kept it only a week ... did n't have any distance from the station and just did n't work well at all.Went and returned it for the Uniden DXI 7286-2 and now I am a lot happier ... this phone has great range and is clear.Friends had told me Uniden was a good phone and I 'm glad I tried another one cause I am happy with 2.4 GHz phones we have now .
 Do NOT buy this phone . It does NOT have the range it claims to have . It does n't work and now I have to buy a new phone ... again !
 We tried out a Panasonic 2.4 GHz phone before this one , and it had range and static problems too . This phone is quite clear within about 40-50 feet of the base , but in our house this does n't take you far . Get beyond that range , and you might be able to find a position in which to hold the phone that it 's not staticky , but if you move a couple inches , you get static again.Another nit
 Brought this phone at Wal Mart , Plugged it in . As others here said -LRB- I am not sure why I tried my own luck ! -RRB- this was not even worth the hassle to take it back , I might just put it straight where this belongs!It turned out exactly true what others wrote here
 the item was broken when i received it . i sent it back to amazon . i went to order another and you told me it was discontinued . I was very disappointed . the only good thing was that the return was easy and i received a refund in good time .
 I think now days with technology so advance these phones should be design smaller like cellular phones .
 ... Give me a break!Just out of curiousity , I bought this one at a local store and compared it to my trusty 900MHz Uniden -LRB- about half the price -RRB- . Guess what?The two phones sounded PRETTY MUCH THE SAME , in fact the 900MHz one was actually a little clearer in some parts of the house.I will say though , the 5.8 GHz phone does sound better than the disastrous 2.4 GHz Uniden I bought and returned last year . But this one 's going back too ... why pay more for what is basically the same performance?Again
 I did not get good reception throughout the house . I used to have a Uniden tru346 2.4 and it got much better reception . I 'm returning this phone because I ca n't walk into the other room without a lot of phone static .
 This phone eats batteries and is buggy as heck . Worst of all , the caller ID suddenly stopped displaying . Can not recommend .
 The battery went on this phone before 6 months . Although the phone worked well when the battery retained a charge , I gave it a bad review because a phone should last longer than 6 months .
 The range was never good and the phone no longer works ... I recommend the $ 19.99 version !
 I bought this phone as a gift for my mother and was very dissappointed . Worst phone that she has ever used . The reception/range was horrible and there was intolerable static whenever it was used near TV sets . My mom called Uniden and tried the suggestions they had to no avail . I had confidence in Uniden and figured that the major price reduction was no need for concern , but I was terribly mistaken . I see other customers have had the same problem so it leads me to believe that these problems are inherent with this model and that the price is reduced in order to liquidate inventory . Think twice about buying this phone , pay a little more , and opt for a different model .
 We purchased this phone and have never been happy with it from day one . First of all , the volume is really low on this phone , even with the volume all the way up , it is still hard to hear the person you are talking to . Second , the range on this phone is really poor , we can only get about 30 feet away from the base before it begins to break up . We are ditching the phone and getting something else .
 Undoubtedly the worst phone I have ever owned ! Despite promises of crystal clarity and long range , I ca n't really leave my 20 sq.ft . office without a lot of interference -- and I live on a farm with very little in the way of electical interference!Our old 900mhz phone has better range and clarity and does n't feel so cheaply made . I still use that for ` important calls . ' The earpiece speaker on this phone is a loser -- I get much better quality on my Sanyo cell phone.Whoever the ` electronics fan ' who wrote two rave reviews for this phone is , he or she is certainly a phone-y .
 The EXI 5160 5.8 GHz has very poor reception beyond 10 ' from the base . When you are within a few feet of the base the calls are clear . This replaced a ten-year-old Toshiba cordless , that allowed calls up to 50 ' . I would not recommend buying this cordless . I will repair my old Toshiba and throw this one out .
 This Uniden 5.8 GHz phone is even worse than my 10-year old 900Mhz phone . I returned it the next day after trying a couple of phone calls . The reception is absolutely lousy , even if standing just outside the back door about 20-25 feet away from the base . Uniden should toss this model out along with its engineers who developed this phone .
 This phone has some nice features and is easy to operate . But this phone 's range is poor . We can hear static when using the receiver at the opposite end of our house , and when I carry it outside , I can go no farther than about 150 feet before it loses its signal and cuts off . Like most people , we have had numerous cordless phones over the years , of several major brands . Although this one is easy to understand and operate , it has the shortest range of any of them . We will keep it , as it works `` OK '' indoors , but will be in the market for a better phone .
 This phone is the worst I 've ever seen . Bought it for more range . With my old phone I could go outside and get about 400 feet away and it would still work . This phone I could n't even go in the other room without getting static or getting disconnect from the person I was talking to . It 's just a very bad phone .
 When I first bought this phone I was excited about it . It worked great except for the static when I walked outside . Two months later , the caller id and answering machine stopped working . The phone did n't even ring when I got a call . I called the customer service and they said I could send the phone back but would have to wait 3 weeks to get it back . If your looking for a resonable priced 5.8 ghz phone with answeing machine , your looking in the wrong place . NOT A GOOD PHONE !
 Though originally pleased with this phone , I 've grown to strongly dislike it . Let me first start with the good news : GOOD STUFF ABOUT THIS PHONE : - Easy to set up , including answering machine - Feels comfortable in my hand , against my head - Keys are easy to pressBAD STUFF ABOUT THIS PHONE : - The range is ABYSMAL ! Even going from my bedroom to my living room in my small apartment with the phone results in tons of static . - When using a headset , the tones produced when dialing or using menus are so ridiculously loud , I think I 've already damaged my hearing . What was Uniden thinking ?! For those who still wish to get this phone ... get a headset with a mute button !!! SO WHO SHOULD BUY THIS PHONE ? - Folks on a very tight budget . - People with a one-room apartment . - Bedridden folks who never wander more than a few feet from the phone base .
 This is the worst phone I have ever owned . When my 900Mhz phone stopped working , I decided to go with the 5.8 GHz for the range . I can not even go into the garage without it sounding like I am in a wind tunnel -LRB- I do not have a huge home -RRB- . I am constantly telling people to hold on while I try and get closer to the base , and sometimes that does not even help with the static . In addition , the TALK button is unusually large and I tend to hang up on people if I try and put the phone on my shoulder . Callers also complain that the volume on the answering machine is very low and they can not hear the message . I have re-recorded several times . When I contacted Uniden to express my dissappointment with the phone , they gave me a variety of very time consuming , costly options , which would result in maybe getting the same phone fixed . I just purchased this phone two months ago . DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE .
 We liked the looks and the price , but the reception was never clear , even after hitting the channel/scan button 20 times . It was VERY frustrating , the loud static and constantly asking people to repeat themselves . Every day we said , '' WE HATE THIS PHONE ! '' My husband works as a phone technician , so it is n't our line . I will certainly allow that we could 've bought a lemon , we returned the phone for a full refund , so no harm done . My parents have the Motorola MD681 -LRB- they 're very happy with it -RRB- and we just ordered that from Amazon for a good price with a $ 30 rebate through 12/31/04 . If you only want to spend $ 60 on a 5.8 GHz phone , it 's a risk , but you might get lucky like a previous reviewer . Good luck !!
 I buy 3 all they have very bad recepcion even being near the Handsets , , a lot of static , the functions are a messdo n't throw your money buy another phone !!!!
 this phone seriously stinks . the ONLY redeeming factors are its ease of setup . the voice quality is horrible , and the range is the worst of any phone i 've ever used . you may as well just buy a wired handset with a 100 foot cord .
 I purchased the Uniden DCT6485-2 from Amazon on Apr 1 , 2004 -LRB- should have noticed the date -RRB- since I needed a phone system with 2 handsets . I was impressed by the features , compact size and the reasonable price of this item . The performance of this phone is just fair because from time to time , some calls would have echoes like you 're talking in a tunnel , or you would hear yourself talking like a time delay . Today this phone is not working anymore after a Verizon cable outage . I am now using my old Panasonic with one handset . I was always pretty lucky when it comes to telephones , I 've used cordless Toshiba , Sony and Panasonic which none of them have ever quit working on me , they always lasted until I needed a new style or new technology . I am now shopping for a new Panasonic phone with multiple handsets . I would not recommend any Uniden telephones to anyone judging from the durability of my first experience with them .
 I had the same problems as Girlx but after five minutes of trying to MAKE the first four screws fit into their holes , I gave up . Will return it ASAP .
 I bought this cart reading the reviews but not satisfied with it . It shakes . It is laying in one corner of the room . I have the same computer as shown in the picture . I am not very good with returns so I missed period during which you can return the cart .
 Bought this as a gift . Was $ 23.00 - Shipping and handling was a rip-off
 First of all , the table I received is NOT the table described in the listing . The table I ordered had a glass top . The one I got is all metal . Since I placed my order , it appears the listing has changed.Second , it arrived nearly a week after it was supposed to . Amazon had actually told me the order was cancelled and that my credit card would not be charged . Two days later I received notification of shipment.Also , the screws to attach the keyboard tray way are too big so I could n't put it together properly . Very disappointed . And it will cost me more to return it than it would to just buy a new one at Wal-Mart .
 The design looked great , and the assembly instructions were easy to understand . Unfortunately , on the piece I received , the items were defective . If they had n't been , I 'm sure I would 've loved this .
 I Think this product has a serious problem . . I received 3 of them and it was the same for all of them . . You have to jockey with the earpiece connector plug for quite a time , justto get it to work , then you have to keep adjusting it so it will stay working.Need I say more ...
 Do not purchase this item . The first one did not work . I could not read the display . I offered to return it . The distributer elected to send me another . I received the second one , whch also did not work . I called the customer service listed on the insert and was told that they no longer manufactured them and could not offer me any help . I hope to receive a refund.I have concluded that the low cost is due to the fact that these devices do not work .
 the product is worthless i do n't believe that anyone has any working handsets . It was n't untill after i had made the order that i saw another review saying that the product was worthless . they sent me another one and it did n't work either DO NOT BUY !!!!!!
 Are you serious ? Why would I want to use this little plastic gizmo when there is more stuff on my cell phone ? I 'm not sure but I 'm thinking this is not a useful or functional item . I tried to use it but its weird , I do n't know its just small and not easy to see or something like that . Well , anyway I thought it was pretty hot out today and I 'm going to go get some water at the store , its just right down the street from my house . Even though I am tired of this house .
 In attempts to get better organized at work and at home , I 've switched over from paper based folder jackets to clear plastic type . I 've really liked the Office Depot `` Poly Project View Folers -LRB- Item 741-341 -RRB- '' , but came across the Pandaflex jackets and thought ... what a deal ! Wrong , these are about half as thick as the Office Depot and not very useful . Go ahead and spend the money for much better Office Depot or similar product . They are much more durable !
 I 'm going to precede this review by noting that comfort is an inherently subjective consideration , and that what is uncomfortable to one person may be perfect to another . I should also note that I am an Apple user , and that I used this mouse pad with the Apple Magic Trackpad rather than with an actual mouse . However , given that the wrist positioning and movements are substantially the same , I do not believe the device difference had anything to do with the quality of my experience.Now , with these things said , I could not use this product due to the intense discomfort it caused me.I am an intense computer user ; on a typical day , I can spend upwards of 8 hours on a computer . Some weeks ago , I became concerned about the long-term effect that such usage would have on my wrists -LRB- ie . Carpal tunnel -RRB- because I was not using any kind of support pads . I had never experienced any kind of wrist pain while using my computer , but even so I wanted to be sure that I was n't setting myself up for possible problems in the future . I did some research and determined that a memory foam wrist rest was the way to go . I found this mouse pad in Target and , after reading the reviews on Amazon Mobile , I decided to give it a shot.I immediately felt the difference when I began using this mouse pad . As the other reviews have noted , the wrist cushion is a firm kind of memory foam , so your wrist will be supported on top of it and will sink very little into it . The pad provided great support for my wrist and kept my hand in a neutral 90-degree angle position . However , after only a few hours of use , I started suffering some discomfort . I had figured that there would be some discomfort in the transition from using no mouse pad at all to one with a firm wrist rest , so I continued use because I wanted my wrist to adjust.After about a week of me using the mouse pad , the wrist pain only got worse . I tried adjusting my wrist position several times in order to reduce the pressure , and this helped a little bit each time , but over time the pain just kept getting worse . Toward the end of my time using the mouse pad , it felt like a slab of concrete was applying pressure up into my wrist . Worse , the feelings of pressure persisted for hours after stepping away from my computer for the day , to the extent that my wrist was still in pain when I woke up the following morning . In the final days of use , I began to feel a creeping cold sensation that began in my wrist and traveled up into my fingertips . This made me extremely concerned and I quickly abandoned use of the mouse pad out of concern that it was restricting blood flow in my wrist or applying pressure to the nerves -- which , ironically , is a factor in the causation of carpal tunnel syndrome and was part of the impetus for my buying the mouse pad in the first place.I have n't used the mouse pad in a few weeks and my wrist pain is now gone , though it did persist for several days after discontinuing use . Bottom line
 I was expecting a much heavier paper than what I received . This product is only 1 step above regular copy paper . I do not recommend this .
 I received this product on time and promptly went to go try it out , much to my dismay ... it felt like normal printer paper ! And even though it is `` matte '' finish , I can not tell which side to print on ! Both sides look the same , so I took two pieces and tried printing the same picture on both sides , well , it looks streaky on either side.I guess this product is ok for the price , and fine for pictures you do n't much care about , but its a little disappointing to hang up a streaky picture .
 I received HP Everyday Photo Paper , Inkjet , Matte but it is not the same product shown in the image . It is a 2009 version and is a thinner paper -LRB- 33 lb. , 6 mil -RRB- , not 36 lb . -LRB- 6.5 mil -RRB- . I am disappointed by this because I specifically ordered online to get the thicker paper which was not available locally . The 36 lb . paper was perfect for greeting cards , whereas this paper is too thin .
 This paper is not good for photographs . It is simple a plain white paper that is just a bit thicker than regular paper . There is no coating to help hold the ink , and it is so thin that there will always be thumbnail dents in your photographs if you handel them even a little . It would be good for flyers , but not photographs .
 This paper is really no different than basic white cardstock . I would not use this paper to print photos on . It does n't resemble photograph paper at all . I was really quite disappointed when I received it .
 This is the 1st review I have ever written on a product I used . I have been an advertising professional almost 30 years , having spent time at several major global ad agencies in LA and SF , including Disney , working as a Print Producer and Designer . I have printed on the highest end litho presses in the world up to 10 colors with UV inks . In the last 8 years I have expanded into high-end ink jet printing on Epson and HP plotters capable of printing billboards at 600 DPI . I currently own an Epson 2880 and an HP 6200 that I use for my own personal photography projects , and when the right paper is printed the results can be breathtaking . But I think HP is way out of line even referring to this paper as a Photo Paper . It is n't much heavier than regular copy paper and the surface is n't much better than regular copy paper . I just printed 100 2 sided flyers , 5.5 x 8.5 on this Everyday Photo Paper thinking it would be better than the glossy HP Brochure Paper I have used before and got beautiful results on , so good that a novice could n't tell if it was ink jet or litho . And my images of course are the highest quality as well as my art files . But on the Everyday Matte Photo Paper they looked sub-par . Not at all the quality anyone would expect from a `` Photo Paper '' . Not to mention it kept jamming and mis-feeding in the HP 6200 which resulted in having to throw out 15 sheets or so . I was really drawn to the matte finish since I 'm using matte finish watercolor type fine art paper for the other pieces in this campaign . But next time I 'll either use the HP glossy brochure paper or spend more money and use the Epson Natural Watercolor Paper which also prints 2 sides as does the Everyday Matte Photo Paper , also the other reason I chose it . I endorse HP products to all my peers but in this case I think HP needs to re-position this product out of the photo paper category . BTW , I also worked on the HP advertising account for 2 years at a global agency I 'll keep anonymous . And I will continue to use the Premium photo papers , but I 'm becoming a big fan of the Epson products lately .
 I purchased HP Everyday Photo Paper , matte -LRB- 100 sheets , 8.5 x 11-inch -RRB- for use in printing a calendar for family members for Christmas . I had tried to get the paper I usually used at Sams and found only glossy paper which does n't work very well for calendars . The HP was a disappointment compared to Royal Brite paper that I have used before . It was adequate but not heavy enough to produce a really professional looking calendar . I tried to find the other brand at Amazon but it was n't available . I 'll keep looking .
 I expected to receive photo paper that was a heavier stock than standard copy paper , but that is what I got . My first impression was that an error was made when `` picking '' the order but the packaging indicated that it was indeed photo paper . I am definately disappointed with the quality that I received .
 This paper is too thin , I keep getting it mixed up with my regular printer paper . I have to pull the package to see which paper it is .
 I 'm sure this paper is great in it 's own special way , but it was TOTALLY not what I was looking for . The vision in my head of matte photo paper was of what I used when I was developing pics from 35mm negatives ... this stuff seems more like thin poster board , or perhaps thick notebook paper . I suppose I should have done more research before hastily finishing my transaction , but I ca n't help but be upset ... especially since the shipping was only $ 2 less than the product itself . So if you 're looking to frame a photo or do a quality print to keep around for a while , I suggest paying the extra cash for some premium photo paper .
 I will never recomend this paper to anyone it sucks !!! the paper is realy thin & is no better then regular paper NOT good 4 photos at all I was disapointed
 They failed to inform that the box had been run over by a heard of elephants and then taped back together again . I have n't needed to use the labels yet so I am unsure of the condition of the contents . Stay tuned for a later update .
 Envelopes are too big for insurance claim forms . Several of them have been returned to me by Post Office because the claim forms move around too much inside the envelope and therefore , you can not see insurance address .
 Would have like to have purchased this item but it 's been ` out of stock ' now for 3 months . I just canceled the order/request . Then I 'm asked to rate something I never received .
 Odd reviews . Go over to the Skype forums reviews and this product get 's very poor to worst reviews . This is a group , I assume is technically competent and has used , or tried to use , the KX-TGA575S for a while .
 I bought this set half a month ago from bestbuy to be the backup of my AT&T phone . It 's light , and its button is smooth-touched . However , just a few days ago it started sounding noisy no matter how near the handset is to the base.I wo n't recommend it even at this low price , if you do n't want your call to interrupted by the sudden noise .
 This would have to be the worst cordless phone I have ever owned . I receive static no matter how far away the handset is from the base . This phone just plain sucks . I would recommending spending a little more money and getting a phone that works properly .
 I thought I 'd nailed a bargain with this phone . There are a lot of pros at first glance . I liked the way it felt in my hand . The signal was much clearer than my AT&T. ; There were many features for the price.Unfortunately , the problems began before the phone was finished charging . The caller ID worked exactly twice during its first day in operation . They are still listed in the phone 's memory . Once the phone was fully charged , it quit . Now the phone says `` Incoming Call '' or once , `` Data Incomplete '' . Just for kicks , I plugged in my old AT&T ; to test the caller ID . It works just fine on the old phone.So this morning I called Uniden 's Customer Service . Big mistake . The rep who answered the phone had such bad diction I could barely understand what he was trying to say . Uniden gave him a list of standard responses to read depending on the problem . If the problem does n't fit into their box -LRB- the problem is with your house , your phone line , or the phone and it 's your fault ... fix it at your expense -RRB- , they can not help you . This is not the fault of the poor guy they have answering the phone ; he 's probably making minimum wage . This is the fault of Uniden for not giving consumers another recourse when the product is truly faulty.As an aside , Amazon lists this phone as having 20 speed-dial presets , but there are only 10 . I 'm returning this phone to Amazon and will not consider another Uniden product .
 The price is low and so is the quality . I had a 900mhz Uniden for several years that I was happy with . So , I bought this thinking I would like it too . Uniden went cheap on this one . It even feels cheap . The sound quality was bad . It had a popping noise whenever I got a few rooms away from the base . So much for 2.4 GHz clarity . I sent it back to Amazon -LRB- who , by the way , was GREAT about taking the return and refunding my money -RRB- .
 Poor range
 I bought this phone after looking at Comsumer Reports ratings and opinions on Amazon as well as other sites . Unfortunately , it does n't work as well for me as it did for other users . I get constant interference and clicking noises , even when I try switching channels . The cordless I had before had a terrible battery life -LRB- the battery life on this phone is excellent , btw , which is part of why I gave it two stars -RRB- , but my old phone rarely got interference unless the microwave was running . It also seems to be causing a lot more interference on our baby monitor than our old cordless . I 've read a lot of good things about Uniden , so I 'm planning on returning this one to try another model .
 While the base # 1 phone is fine , base # 2 can only be used near base # 1 . This makes for inconvenience while trying to walk about with the # 2 phone .
 I buy this phone when we were moving to a new house , so I can use extra handset upstaires . I did not try it untill after a month , when I moved to new place I tried it . But the second handset does n't work . It rings but when you pick-up the phone you will just here horrible loud sounds . I contect the staples , but it was more then a month they said they ca n't do anything about that . So I contected uniden 's customer service . They had a horrible customer survice . When I buy this phone I think this was a good deal , but now I tossed it just in my basement . And may be next time when I clean my basement it 's going to be in trash . his phone eeven does n't deserve 1 star , but I ca n't give it less then one star . If you are planning to buy phone , just spend little more money and go for panasonic . I am using one for 4 years now , and I buy another one with extra handsets from panasonic , and it 's working great .
 They do n't even last a year . I have purchased them twice for my Mom and they stop working after 7 months . Do n't purchase these phones !
 Out of the box one of the three phones did not work . In the end , about the same price as buying a set of two .
 I do not have a single phone call that does not include a complaint about the terrible voice quality of these handsets . I threw away the box thinking this was going to be a great product . Now I have three horrible handsets .
 I bought this phone system based on the reviews I read , however when using these handsets , I 'm told that I fade out and I often hear an echo . In addition , the handset on the base unit constantly goes `` out of range '' which requires unplugging the base from the electrical power , the phone jack , and removing the battery for a 1/2 hour . This is just not acceptable and I will be throwing these phones out as soon as I purchase new ones .
 I like the light that goes on when the phone rings but that is about all I like about this phone . Friends tell me I sound like I am under water and I have had to terminate many conversations due to static and interference . One friend insists that I have a microwave running as we speak . I am actively looking for a new set to buy because these are worthless .
 Thought Uniden had a great reputation and bought this after a disappointing experience with Panasonic cordless -LRB- the answering machine on that one started malfunctioning just after the warranty expired -RRB- . Have had this two weeks . The phone holds a charge . The ergonomics of the phone are great if you want something light to hold for long conversations . However , the sound quality is poor , even when you are right by the base station . It echoes and warbles . For this kind of money , they should work on the sound quality . It should n't be like a cellphone-type of calling experience .
 We were excited and happy when we first bought this phone through our phone company , but in 3 years the main button on the handsets has stopped working . Without that button working you might as well throw the system out -LRB- which we are -RRB- . In fact , you ca n't even call out from one of the handsets . Very , very disappointed with the quality and durability.Our very first Uniden phone was great and lasted 13 years . That is why we bought this one , but I am not sure we will buy Uniden again .
 This phone and the additional handsets are all garbage . I purchased this phone less than a year ago and on each of the phones you ca n't scroll down , if you want to see who 's called you on the caller ID , you have to scroll up through the old numbers before you get to the new numbers . I ca n't even turn the volume down on the darn phones anymore . I wandered why the price was so good , it was because you 'll have to buy a new one fast because this one breaks so easily .
 If you need the long distance , this phone will give it to you but do n't expect reliability . We continually have battery problems and as another review said it has it 's quirks . The handset is heavy and not very ergonomic . For the money , it 's rather disappointing .
 For this kind of money , I 'm not impressed . Poor battery life . The headset `` compatibility '' requires some sort of unavailable adapter in order to work with an ordinary 2.5 mm headset jack . You ca n't have multiple people on the same call at once . You MUST know the other persons handset number and physically transfer the call to them . The base station randomly clicks on the intercom . It also will click and emit a low-pitched tone that sounds like feedback from something . This is all without receiving a call or picking up a handset or anything .
 I purchased six of these phones and the four line system . The range is exceptional and that is the only good thing that can be said for this system . Within four days , one phone became defective and it took Engenius four weeks and six phone calls to repair it . They did n't know they 'd received it for repairs , said they mailed it back , -LRB- they had n't -RRB- , and at least four phone calls went unreturned for days at a time . The phone takes a second or two to obtain a line , there is no ability to have specific lines ring on specific phones short of using the voice answering system , which not all home users want to do , the battery life is very short , and the phones will suddenly `` crash '' and require you to turn them back on . Every few days the main unit need to be powered off and on . The software is very buggy and technical support not acceptable . I would not recommend this system for home use . You will be very unhappy , unless you need exceptional range , there is nothing else to recommend it .
 Although the range on these things are good , the sound quality is horrible . There 's a constant hiss in the background , battery time is low , and the phones are uncomfortable to hold -LRB- small and HEAVY -RRB- . Also , the buttons on the phone are extremly slow to react . When you start dialing you hear the tone about a second later , which is really annoying as you 're dialing a number . In short , these phones are poorly built and designed , bad features , and generally not worth it even if they were half the price .
 The delivery of this item was good -LRB- although they did n't ship to Canada , had to ship to a US address and have it shipped to me from there - doubled my shipping costs -RRB- . The 920 unit worked for about 1 week , turned out it was a defective unit . It was promptly replaced with a newer version which seems to be working well -LRB- again had to have it shipped to the US address and sent to me -RRB- . I would have preferred to have a refund , but the seller did not seem to be too receiptive to that and really wanted to replace it with a more expensive unit . This unit now works well , but I had to have it completely reprogrammed -LRB- cost of $ 50.00 -RRB- because even though it came with the base , it was not the master handset and could not access all of the features . When all is said and done , I 'm pretty sure that I could have bought it locally for the same cost .
 I ordered this phone for my 96 year-old father and had it shipped to my sister to install for him . The handset cord would not even stay in the handset , so she had to take the old phone handset and switch them out . Therefore , not satisfied with manufacturing and quality control . The ring light on the phone and not even be seen unless you are looking straight down at it or in the dark . The ringer is louder than the old phone he had , so it has resolved the problem of him not hearing the phone . The program -LRB- memory -RRB- numbers are easy for him to use and numbers on set are very large .
 I rated this product as &#34; one star &#34; because it was defective . I could not make or receive calls using handset . I could make and receive calls using the speaker . I returned the product .
 This is the second one of these phones I 've purchased for my mom , who has macular degeneration . The first one worked for a number of years , so I bought her this phone a second time . I was not pleased with the new phone . The cord did not fit securely into the hand set , so the connection was n't consistent . When the connection was n't made , the phone did n't work at all . Luckily , we still had the old phone , so I hooked up the handset from the old phone to the new phone . It works , but I should n't have had to do that . I would have sent it back if I 'd had more time , but I do n't . Too big a hassle getting it repackaged and taken to the post office . So , the phone is working and mom is happy to have her big button phone again , but I wo n't order it again .
 The price was good , features listed were perfect , and I trusted the `` Bell '' name . When plugged in , we could not get a dial tone , so item was returned . This seems to be a relatively common complaint about this particular phone , and I take partial responsibility for not having read reviews prior to ordering .
 received second/replacement phone for the first one that did n't work . entire insides were rattling and sliding around , and of course it did n't work . been over a month since first ordering-still nothing . bought for my 88 year old father who is in nursing home . guess he 'll just have to keep using pay phone in the hallway.will never buy anything from JR or amazon again . save your time and money -- just go to the store and buy what you want .
 Bought this for my mother who has CANCER , so she could reach me fast!phone arrives but w / NO PHONE LINE cord & NO RECIEVER cord ! went to local hardware store ... 2 cords $ 22.00 ! wrote to amazon , THEY IGNORED ME ! Anyway mom s happy now , that s what counts ! AMAZON , thanks for nothing ! maybe i should have bought 2 cans & some string !
 When the phone was on the wall the ` hang-up ' feature was terrible . Turning around a piece of plastic DOES NOT create a viable way to hang up for a visually handicapped person.Avoid this phone for a visually-handicapped person 's wall use !
 Did n't know that this phone needs 2xAA batteries . I bought this for my Aunt , she ca n't hold the phone with her hand , therefore she can only use the speaker phone . But unfortunately , the volume is very low -LRB- I 've turn to the loudest -RRB- . So ... this phone is useless to her . Beside , it is hard for her to change the batter as well . I have to return this product and purchase and other phone.The big button is good , but she did n't like the look . Well . I 'll only give this phone a 2 stars ... if the speaker phone is loud enough I 'll give a 3 stars .
 The phone got this rating because I ca n't use it . I ca n't get the battery compartment open . I have emailed both contacts on the web page and called the phone number . Got no response to the emails and the phone was always busy . I just hope we do n't have another power outage before I can get some help with this . It 's my only link when the power goes out .
 The product is generally good , except it only works on speaker mode . This limits it considerably and I ca n't recommend it .
 The cord would not stay connected to the handset . I believe since these are old overstock phones the storage for these may have been in an uncotrolled envrironment with the result being a defective product . I returned it and received a new one with the same result . I recomment the ATT phone from Sears with the big buttons . This is not a reflection of Amazon doing a bad job . The customer service was excellent . I continue to purchase products from Amazon .
 I ordered this phone for my mother for Christmas . It was delivered while she was out of town for the holidays so it took a couple weeks for her to try to use it . Turns out it was defective , but she did n't tell me right away . She is unable to get a dial tone . By the time she told me , it was too late to return it . This company only allows 30 days to return defective items , requires all packing materials to be included and does not cover return shipping even if the item is defective . Do n't risk it unless you will be there to stay on top of the situaion and are willing to pay to return a defective product .
 Ordered an Ivory Phone was shipped a white phone , resealed and drove to UPS and paid to return phone . Received second white phone , have it now boxed and ready to drive again to UPS and pay for shipping . Will look else ware for Ivory Phone .
 Phone arrived and was anxious to hook it up for my mother ... it has some kind of shirt internally and was able to hear the dial tone for less than 1 second and that was it ... JUNK !!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!!!!
 This telephone came properly packaged . I was very excited to get it on the wall in my kitchen . I was very disappointed after following all the directions , it 's on the wall in my kitchen fits perfectly , but alas , the handset will not work . The speaker button works loud and clear but the handset , no sound whatsoever . I called the number on the `` limited Warranty '' sheet that came with the phone and that number was no longer valid . I called Amazon Customer Service and the representative tried to help as they always do . He looked up the phone 's information and told me he had a number for the seller and they 'll be willing to help me . Lo and behold , the number he gave me was the same number that was no longer valid . I was very dissapointed when there was no way to get intouch with the company.I went ahead and ordered a phone I know will not let me down and that 's an AT&T ; phone . I purchased a black big button phone with all the same features made by AT&T. ; When that phone came , I followed the directions , had it up where I wanted it and BINGO ! Everything worked . Speaker , handset the works , it works ! I was not surprised . AT&T ; makes a good phone all the time . So I will stay away from the other brands , and stick with what I know works . If it 's cheaper , then you are getting what you pay for , we 've all heard that before .
 The outer construction of the phone seems to be well made . However , the handset appears to be non-functional . Calls can only be sent or received using speakerphone .
 This brand new phone was unacceptable because there was not even a dial tone when plugged in . At the very least , this phone should have been tested before it was packaged . Very disappointed in this product , simply because someone decided to skip testing this product before sending to their customer . The time lost with back and forth shipping and then buying a phone locally was not worth doing business with this company .
 I bought this for my mom because shehas very low vision . She liked the bigbuttons and the speed dial.Everything was great for about 3 months.The phone all of the sudden had no dialtone . The hang up button must have beenbroken inside because there was no dialtone and it rendered all other phones in the housewith a busy signal . She could not dial out and herphone would give a busy signal if you tried to call . Not good!I thought at first she may have nothung the phone receiver back in thecradle but this was not the case whenI got over there to troubleshoot the problem.Not worth sending it back with shipping.I would not trust a new one .
 Received from Amazon Fulfillment from third party seller . Inoperable out of the box . No dial tone with or without batteries . Handset cord kept falling out of handset . Returned to Amazon for refund - would n't trust a replacement .
 After six months , we have taken this phone out of service . We blamed -LRB- wrongly -RRB- Magic Jack and the Internet for noisy , unclear sound because we assumed a Bell phone would be solid . It was not . As I recall , it took a long time to ship . Upon arrival , it did not work at all , until we found that the handset cable was not plugged in completely . That small stuff was no big deal . What amazed us was that when we plugged a new wireless phone set into the Magic Jack the sound quality was excellent
 Yes , it 's cheap , so I guess I should n't expect much . The speakerphone part worked , but the handset/receiver never worked straight out of the box . It was not worth shipping back and paying $ 7.00 for postage . It 's going to go into the trash .
 As soon as I received the phone , I connected . Appearance of phone looked good with big number and wide range of volume control on the side of the phone . However , phone receiver did not work at all . I could make phone call only through speaker , and even speaker I have to press more than twice to hear the tone .
 I ordered this phone for my mother who is 96 years old and in a nursing home . She needed a big phone with big numbers , so I thought this would be perfect for her . When I received the phone I took it to her and we tried four different jacks at her facility and we could n't get a dial tone . I brought the phone back to my house and hooked it up and the phone never got a dial tone . I contacted Amazon to report that the phone could not be used and was defective and they denied any type of guarantee for the product . If I wanted to send it to AT&T , it would be at my own expense plus an additional charge which would have exceeded the cost of the phone . I promised to never use Amazon again .
 I was hoping that this would be a long term investment but the phones did n't last long . Unlike the motorola phones where the keypads wore out -LRB- and I do n't do a long on phoning people -RRB- , the uniden 's ear speaker quit on one and went fuzzy on the other.Its sad that we live in a society where nothing is built to last !
 We bought this set 21/2 years ago . Within the first year -LRB- warranty period -RRB- , the on button stopped working on one phone , so we sent it in to get it fixed . Within the next year , either the on or off buttons stopped working on all 3 phones , rendering them useless . Other than that , they were great phones - easy to use and convenient . The small size did n't bother us , and we never had problems with clarity inside the house , although we could n't take them outside to use . However , whether these are just bad phones or we happened to get 3 lemons , I ca n't tell you , but I would n't buy them again .
 I purchased these phones in January of 08 . Within 1 week , one phone stopped working because it was `` Out of Range '' . 1 week after that another stopped because it was `` Out of Range '' . Now the third phone 's display shows nothing but a jumbled mess so I can not check to see who is calling and when I talk with someone they say it sounds like I have a cloth over the mouthpiece . What a rip-off - stay away from these phones .
 Yes , the cover is okay but the inserts -LRB- planner , appointment list , address book -RRB- are too small if you want to write anything legible on it . I bought it cheap , but really not worth the $ 4.99 I paid for it .
 This item is so poorly made that by the time I received the item the corners looked as if the plastic chipped off of them . Almost as if it could n't handle the slight banging received during shippement . And it could n't have been the shipping that was horrible because the cardboard that the plastic covers were n't banged up ... its like a mouse got hubgry took a few bits of the plastic and found something better to chew on once it got the plastic . I am returning them and doubt I 'll ever even consider buying this brand again.I 've seen cheaper for far better quality .
 The folder is nice but it does n't come with two clear plastic sheets to cover the documents .
 The phone is a good phone when you can us it but since we have not been able to use it , it is useless . On top of everything there was no booklet in box nor any paperwork sent with the phone like the desk phone that I received earlier . You can not make contact with the jack that is in the wall . The part of the phone that connects to the wall needs to be a little bit longer and I am still trying to fix it . I bought this phone for my mother since she is hard of hearing . For $ 40.00 there should be some way for this phone to work .
 Phone has never been able to ring ... a phone is supposed to ring when someone calls your number ... this phone has very few times where it actually rings ... mostly it just has no sound !!!
 Watch out !!!! The phone is chocolate brown , not ivory . Seems a little deceptive in their advertisement .
 Dont let the pictures fool you ... is n't that color and the real color is buried in the text . Finally allowed to return it . By the way it is a dirt brown color .
 I got this lap table for my husband less than two months ago . A week ago , the table appeared cracked in half . We live in a wooden house in the midwest with plenty of wood furniture . This is the first time I have seen anything crack in my house , and we have been here for almost 10 years . As anybody who has done wood construction would know , this is a serious quality problem . Well , not only this product was substandard , but when I notified stacksandstacks about it , they said they do n't accept returns after 30 days , which shows this is a substandard company as well . I do n't know why I am so surprised . Anyways , I hope my experience helps other people so they do not waste their money , time and good manners with undeserving companies like this one .
 When the ad says
 Great idea , bringing back the old 2554 in red . But in this case the idea does n't work . The hook switch came apart after less than 18 months.I took it apart to see if I could fix it . I seem to have put everything back in its proper place but the spring does n't have enough guts to return the hookswitch to the off position , the spring seat has hardly anything for the spring to catch on , and there 's a little metal axle that floats in the hinge . It 's supposed to stay in place by magic I suppose . Looks like someone wanted to save 25 cents.By the way , the phone fits on a standard wall-phone plate fine , by the way . There is no design flaw with the connector on this unit . A standard wall-phone plate is made for a wall phone , has two rivets sticking out , and is definitely not the same as a standard wall-mounted phone jack . The plug on the back of a standard wall phone is too short for a standard jack .
 I do n't hate the phone . It was a Christmas gift from my husband . One end of the cord would not fit into the phone . No matter how we tried , we could not get the cord plugged into the phone . Therefore we can not use the phone . I had the phone ready to return and had an RMA # . Unfortunately , my dear husband fell down the steps , hit his head on the concrete garage floor and has passed away . Returning the phone got pushed to the back burner and I guess I 'll have to deal with the dealer now . I have it all packaged up ready to send too you . If you can help me , please let me know . Sincerely , ukmom@comcast.net
 I have to say that I am disappointed . The quality of this thing is pretty bad . It is made of cheap veneer and poor quality `` wood '' . I guess you get what you pay for . However the one thing that really bothers me is the color . Be warned , HAZEL BROWN is much more red than brown , MUCH more red .
 And poorly constructed . Too bad , we bought a Hampton Bay kitchen island and love it . This though is no where near the quality and is at best cherry in color .
 It 's a very light-weight copy of the real thing -- feels like a toy telephone . There 's a static noise and I have to speak loudly and directly into the mouthpiece . When I called the vendor to complain he said that it sounded fine to him and would n't give me a refund . It does n't have a redial button . The one star is for the color -- it 's a pretty red .
 nothing like the original phones . quality is poor , when you try to dial out you push a button and still get a dial tone . waste of money
 This product appears very much like the old-time phones we used in the 70 's , but I bought two of these and they seemed to be malfunctioning from the start . Possibly , it is the wiring in the house , possibly it was something else , but both of these phones immediately malfunctioned when I plugged them in to the wall . I had ATT come out and they tested it with the meter , and claimed that the phones are defective.Again , the meter may be wrong , the technician may have made a mistake , but either way these phones do not work , and therefore I have to send them back .
 Am I glad that this phone is no longer sold . The phone has too much static to be able to hear . What is the use of having a phone that one can not hear ?! Others can hear me , but I can hardly hear them . The price of the phone was high , but I paid for it anyway since I wanted a good phone . Boy ! What a piece of crap it turned out . Now I am in the process of looking for another phone -LRB- not this model -RRB- . This time I will try it out before I buy it . I recommend that you folks do the same .
 It has a speaker so you can listen , but no microphone . Despite that I occasionally got feedback when the hand-set was on the loudest setting.On the other hand , the quality seems better that other recently bought phones .
 We purchased two of these multifunction machines for two separate offices . While the brother has many capabilities , including SCAN-to-Email , file and PDF . Quality problems greatly hender its performance.Scanning documents through the document feeder result in crooked/offset images . I thought we simply purchased a bad-unit . But , after returning it for a replacement - we got the same result.The first unit we purchased broken down after about 2 months . It just started making this really loud clunking sound . Then it just complained with error messages and would n't print.There was a problem with the included software , which caused Scans to fail with error code . The only way to get a fix for this problem is to call technical support . There is no information on the error on their web site.I love the feature set of this product - but the quality is poor .
 I purchased this model for work and can honestly state that I use it no more than a couple times a week on average . 14 months of use and now I get skewed printing , a problem that technicians have told me is not an easy/cheap fix . So I place a call to Brother to see if I can get some sort of customer `` service '' and all I get is a cold `` NO '' . We are not dealing with a $ 100 printer here and the fact that they were so unwilling to even cover the cost of parts makes me regret ever purchasing a Brother product . According to Brother , they cover for the first year after purchase or sixteen months after date of manufacturer . My machine is 18 months out of manufacturing , and 14 months since the date of purchase . Sure its a bit off but you would think that they would be willing to help out considering its a $ 500 machine . Unfortunately , the company has a long way to go in their customer service department.Basically , I would suggest looking into other similar machines with better manufacturer 's warranties ... it will save you a lot of trouble and money in the long run .
 I 've had my Brother MFC 8660DN for three days and up comes a `` Fuser Error '' . Arggh . Very expensive to replace . Piece of Junk
 We bought two of these machines for our small 3 person office . Each one used a lot of toner and the drums on each machine died after only a few thousand pages . The worst part - changing the drum DID NOT CURE THE ERROR . That 's correct , after changing the toner and drum with OEM Brother parts the machine still reads Drum near end of life ... . no help from Brother tech support . I 'd like to take them both to the top of my building and throw them off David Letterman style .
 Purchased this product for it functionality -LRB- ADF , automatic document feeder , duplex scanning , etc -RRB- but it fails on some ` normal ' functions . Although advertises that it will scan up to * 1/2 x 11 it does NOT ! It will NOT scan an 1/8 '' on each edge . This may not sound like to big of a problem but if you are routinely scanning documents that are printed to the edges -LRB- some checks for example -RRB- it is . There is no work around for this issue and tech support REFUSES to even admit that it is an issue.The ADF also does not pull the pages in correctly , 9 times out of 10 the pages are at an angle.Printing envelopes always crinkles them.This product also failed within the first year of ownership -LRB- the fuser failed . -RRB- Although the functionality of this printer is good the overall design , quality and workmanship of this printer is poor .
 I 've been buying the 8860dn and the previous model -LRB- think it was the 8840dn -RRB- for several years now mostly because it was the easiest way to get a standalone scan-to-email solution setup.I 've also used it for other things such as a fax-to-email gateway , etc. . In all , I 've probably purchased 20 throughout the years.The feature set is great for the price . I will give them that . The problem is that if you want to use all of the functionality , you have to get lucky . Printing and basic network printing does work on all of the devices that I 've received . It 's the functionality that requires storage that is suspect.Of the 20 or so I 've purchased to setup at our company , 3 have been shipped as duds . Ie -RRB- printing works but any scan/fax feature freezes the machine.Support is awful . I 've had brand new devices and have tried to go through the normal support mechanism1 -RRB- call brother2 -RRB- go through steps with tech when it 's clearly the device - Do n't blame them for this since most problems are setup/user/network errors3 -RRB- take it to service centerAnyways , the only way I 've `` fixed '' a broken machine is by buying another one . And this is usually a pretty good strategy and more or less practical given the price . We usually donate or just shelve the ones that are defective since they still work for printing . I guess is that they write poor software -LRB- for the firmware inside the printers -RRB- and/or use poor quality components inside as we have trouble using them as standalone network devices.Watch out for the `` authorized brother repair centers '' we 've taken several there and they end up just trying to print a test page and if it comes out , they give it back to you supposedly repaired . We 've paid $ 60 for this service -LRB- to have them deal with Brother on the phone to try to fix one of these that was under warranty . -RRB- It 's sort of a gamble . Consider it a slow machine . If you 're lucky , you might get a good one . If you just need network printing , then you 'll probably be ok . Anybody who needs a robust multifunction should probably pay more and get something made a little better and more supported .
 The printer was a breeze to set up , easy to use and seemed really reliable . After six months it is BROKEN . The automatic sheet feeder jammed , the jam would not clear , and this completely negated the ability to use the machine as a scanner , copier or fax . Calling Customer Service is a joke ! They are in Dominican Republic , speak English with difficulty . They speak from a script which they do not deviate from . And the result is that the product can not be fixed unless I can transport the 80 lb printer myself -LRB- I am a 57 year old woman -RRB- . There is no provision to have the printer picked up . Because they asked me to repeat steps I had already repeated SEVERAL times , the paper ultimately stuck in the machine and the entire machine is now broken.The printer is useless to me now . I 've already bought a replacement . DO NOT BUY !!!
 We purchased several Brother multifunction and printers . The problem is in the paper feeder . Every time we need to put paper in , it clicks and beeps and then shows `` PAPER JAM '' it takes several times to open and close tray before the unit will function . Buy something else .
 I would love to give a review on this printer but it 's been 3 days since I placed my order and it has n't left their warehouse . I feel this is unacceptable for an item that 's in stock so I will never buy from Amazon again .
 This printer works well except for one major problem - Brother ink does not adhere to the paper . I use good quality stationery in my business and found that the ink smudged and rubbed off , particularly on envelopes . The problem is not too bad with regular white copy paper , but if you plan to use good stationery , do n't buy a Brother printer !
 I regreat buy anthing from amazon the product is no use and now IM stocK with IT and the bill . I TRIED TO CALL CUSTUMER SEVICES BUT THEY PUT ME ON HOLD WITHOUT A RESPONS .
 The scanner on this MFC is useless due to horrible UI , way too loud , and way too slow . Prepare to press buttons needlessly until you decide that scanning is n't worth it : To scan to file you 'll have to press a lot of buttons and wait a loooong time .1 . Put the document on ADF2 . Press scan button if it 's not already selected3 . press down button FIVE times to select scan to file4 . press OK5 . press down button to select duplex L side6 . press OK7 . press down button if necessary to select which PC -LRB- I 've only configured one but it still wants me to confirm8 . press OK to select9 . Then it ca n't find my machine on the network ... I 'm not going to debug this since I 'm going to send it back.Did I mention the really loud , annoying beeps for all ELEVEN button presses ? All the many unnecessary scanning functions are controlled by up-down arrows and the OK button . There 's no way to assign a default to one of the many useless buttons on the nearly overwhelming front panel . The UI is really set up for faxing -- lots of buttons to store address book ... but who faxes any more?Did I mention that the scanner is really slow -LRB- initiated scan from PC -RRB- since it pulls the paper through the ADF THREE times -LRB- even though there 's only two sides of the page -RRB- ? 23 seconds per page on black and white 300dpi ! Did I mention that this is the loudest scanner I 've ever heard . It 's louder than the printer and the printer 's really loud . I 'm not just being sensitive here -- it 's a lot louder than the Brother 1670N -LRB- also a duplex laser printer -RRB- this was supposed to replace.I was hoping for a replacement for my fujitsu fi-4120c sheetfed duplex scanner but there 's absolutely no comparison .
 There are a lot of things about this multifunction machine that I like . It makes nice copies , and although the printer output is not as dark as the old HP 5MP that I was going to replace , it is acceptable.But I am returning this machine . When making multiple copies of a page -LRB- like 9 copies -RRB- or when printing a document of about 15-20 pages , the machine makes an audible alarm noise while printing . Brother customer support says this is normal , and is due to the fuser expanding and contracting . But I am not going to accept that , since , as I said , this noise sounds like an audible alarm , not normal mechanical noise .
 Great Printer with lots of neat features . HOWEVER , the printer uses 1024 WATTS or 9.1 Amps when it powers up to print a page or make a copy . This has caused me alot of problems.I installed the printer at home in my study . I have two desktop computers , modem , router , HP P1100 color printer , Canon PC 720 Copier , desk lamps , etc. . The electrical circuit for the study is a 15 AMP circuit . Everytime the printer powers up , I take a `` power hit '' . Fortunately , I have a UPS for each computer and the UPS units kick in to keep the systems from completely shutting down.I 'm going to have to install a new electrical outlet and run the wire to another circuit in order to keep the printer.Before you buy , you may want to add up the WATTS of all of the equipment you have on that circuit . A 15 Amp circuit has max of 1800 WATTS ; A 20 Amp circuit has max of 2400 WATTS . The 8860DN will use 1024 of the WATTS on that circuit.Here 's the link to brother 's web Site that will show the power consumption.http : / / www.brother-usa.com/mfc/mfc_detail.aspx?AREA=MFC_1&PRODUCTID;=MFC8860DN
 I was really happy with the speed and quality of the printer until I tried to print an envelope . This printer does not have a straight-through output path for envelopes . Instead , they have to make a sharp turn inside the machine , which severely creases them , to the point of interfering with the printing.Take a look at the diagram of envelopes they do n't support on page 15 of the manual , and you 'll see a picture of every conceivable type of envelope . Bottom line
 After using this machine for 5 months , REPLACE FUSER comes up on screen.Check the manual , no word on what this means.Go to `` Brother store '' on web , not for sale.Call Brother support , learn that fuser is to be replaced after 100,000 copies . Guess what . You need to have a technician do it . They can recommend someone.Cost of fuser ? $ 225.57 . Cost of technician ? Your guess is as good as mine . Assuming $ 150.00 , now we are paying $ 375.00 / 100,000 pages that nobody warned us about.I had estimated 0.5 cents/page based upon the toner and drum costs.Now we 're at .875 cents/page . I am writing to Brother 's CEO/President , PC Magazine , PC World to get this out . I 'm furious . And I 'm going to see if Staples wants it back based upon bad info at time os sale.And no , the fuser is not under warranty .
 I was with HP for 15-20 years , needed MFP read all reviews here and decided that MFC-8860DN will be a good choice -LRB- other option was HP 3055 -RRB- . It has everything I need - copier , network print , scan , fax . Easy setup -LRB- I am in IT for 25 + years -RRB- . Everything was almost perfect . The only complaint you need to keep in mind - IT EATS 1100 WATTS when starts printing - light could flash.It was OK , until I reached 1500 pages mark - it start printing small dots every ~ 3 '' . No problem - need to clean everything -LRB- per my experience and confirmed on Brother 's web site -RRB- . Cleaned - it was the biggest mistake - all outputs were with tons of small dots all around the page.Called Support 2 times . After few hours of troubleshooting - they advised me to replace DRUM . Hey - its only 1500 pages , nowhere close to promised 25000 ! After I mentioned it , they offered me 75 % discount on it . What 's about warranty ? Sorry . I spoke to supervisor , he explained that Support in Philippines ca n't do it , the only option - to call USA office.I replaced DRUM . Now counter shows around 2000 pages and I have same problem again.Hey , I heard this before - never say never . Still as of today : I would NEVER , NEVER buy Brother printer/MFC again !!!
 I bought this unit at -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- they do n't carry it anymore -RRB- in March 2007 . I write this in July 2009 . I ca n't wait to get rid of it . I have owned HP multi-units in the past & they simply did n't have near the poor design & poor performance of this one . For some reason the `` No Paper '' warning comes up on a constant basis -- there is a full ream in the tray ! I have to reboot everything & call Brother to dicker with it & get it cleared . I 've had loud banging noises upon paper reload . I 've had End of Drum is near , right after replacing the drum . The manual feed -LRB- single feed/envelope -RRB- tray needs babying and manual set up every damn time . I do n't like the fact that I ca n't get an automatic fax confirmation , like I could with my HP unit . It is an enormously complex and non-user friendly item that needs constant babying . I bought a lemon & shame on -LSB- ... -RSB- for getting into this piece of junk . It is a small-office nightmare . Run , do n't walk away from this Brother LEMON !
 beware this thing does n't come with the printer cable . it 's beyond me why companies do this . like a car with no ignition ! wake up brother . i do n't know if this machine is good yet . ca n't finish the install ! sheesh
 constant paper jams . various color inks in different cartridges but they mysteriously must all be replaced simultaneously . hmmm.very bad on screen instrutions . not well made . has not worked for more than a day or two in a row.after months still cant figure out how to use wireless connection .
 I was enticed into buying this printer based on the features it offered at the time . I quickly realized how little ink life there is for this thing . The refills from stores were also way too costly . I have not used this printer all that much but have just realized that the sensor that detects that you have an ink cartridge loaded or not is not working . So it believes there is no ink cartridge in the slot when there actually is one with plenty of ink . The killer here is that if ANY ONE cartride is supposedly out of ink , you can not do anything with this machine ! So forget about using black till the color is refilled . All in all , this unit is a piece of junk and a waste of money . I am definitely steering clear of inkjets and any other Brother products for my personal use as well as for use in my IT department .
 After about a year or two of light use and several cartridge changes , I get a No Cartridge Found message . The machine has shut down all printing . I 've followed all procedures in the manual and searched the Brother web site in vain . The thing has become an expensive paperweight . Since I bought it on Amazon , I 've spent at least $ 100 in ink cartridges printing only hundreds not thousands of pages.Besides brief cartridge checking and cleaning procedures , Brother only recommends contacting an authorized repair dealer . Right !? Let me spend $ 100 in addition to all the ink expenses to fix something that probably has no current value.I strongly recommend you look elsewhere before buying this thing . It 's not a printer . It 's a piece of junk .
 Why a one star review ? Well , you can get all of the 820-CW 's functionality in a less expensive , `` wired '' Brother printer with the same form factor . So if you 're paying the extra bucks for this unit , it 's for the wireless convenience -- and wireless is the one feature that the 820-CW executes most poorly.Set-up with my MacBook was a breeze , and initial testing led me to believe that I had found a great wireless printing solution at a reasonable price . But , as another reviewer noted and as I soon found out , the problem is that the 820-CW constantly drops its wireless connection -- even if you 're within a few feet . To restore it , you have to unplug , wait a half-minute or so , then replug and allow the unit to reboot . Toggling the on/off switch on the control panel would be easier , but that does n't seem to work -- I 'm guessing that `` off '' via the switch is more like sleep rather than a true shutdown.WiFi technology has come a long way in the last few years , and there 's just no excuse for a product with such poor wireless performance to be released to the public in 2006 . If you 've been waiting to get a wireless printer , I 'd strongly suggest waiting longer and not buying the 820-CW .
 I ordered this phone for my mother-in - law that refuses to wear her hearing aid , so she can not hear the new phones and will not pay for a phone that has a better ringer for her to hear the phone ring . This phone does not even have the switch to change from pulse to tone , and when you plug it into the phone line it wo n't even work . I am in the process of sending it back because the phone does not work at her house or at any house for that matter . I was very disgruntled with this order and this phone . I would n't buy another one like this one for the life of me . The black one I ordered works , but this one does not . I guess I will order another black one .
 I have had these phones for a few months and we are already replacing them . The audio quality is very poor and you are constantly asking the caller to repeat things or speak up . There is also a steady white noise in the ear piece.Look elsewhere , these are not worth it .
 I 've had these phones about ten months and I am very disappointed . The range is awful ; move to another room or 40 feet from the base and you 'll hear heavy static . The handsets do n't hold a charge for a prolonged period anymore . A friend of mine had also purchased a set and has the same problems . This model is not worth purchasing at any price .
 Bought these a few months ago and they are very disappointing . The range is poor and after only a few months neither one holds a charge longer than 10 minutes . Ignore these
 I was not happy with the ease of use . I finally got frustrated and gave it to a friend
 We owned this set for several months , and finally gave it away . This is a cordless phone , yet the range is terrible if I walked a little too far from the base . -LRB- We own a small house . -RRB- Further , callers had a hard time hearing us . I tried shouting my words very slowly on this phone , to no avail . Finally , I gave up and bought the Panasonic KX-TG1033 . Wow ! What a difference . Callers can hear us clearly . Do n't bother with this Uniden phone unless you live in a small one-room house1
 I admit that I wanted a laser pointer so I could play with the cat without getting off the couch , so I was looking for a pretty cheap product . I did n't think you could beat a penny plus shipping and handling . You get what you pay for . It got here within a few days , but the product itself sucks . It comes on only some of the time . When it does , it only has a range of about six inches . I 'm not convinced that this is even a real laser .
 I just wanted to give a heads up . My husband is a veterinarian , and says that messing with a dog with one of these literally makes them go crazy . It happened to my friend ; their formerly wonderful boxer now spends the day barking at shadows and being paranoid . It 's not so much an issue for cats .
 Very disappointed with Rubbermaid . Product is NOT user friendly . Attempting to attach name holders was a nightmare , provided tape did not hold nor did any other glue that was attempted . Name holder for top bins would have been impossible to use . Back of bins constantly comes off so use as mailboxes is frustrating .
 MY COMPANY BOUGHT THIS CHAIR FOR ME IN BURGUNDY AS A PRIZE . WHEN IT CAME IT WAS NOT THE CHAIR PICTURED AND IT WAS BLACK . THE SCREWS IN THE SEAT ARE PUSHING THRU THE CUSHION , MAKING THE SEAT RATHER UNCOMFORTABLE . I 'M AFRAID THEY 'LL EVENTUALLY PUSH THRU THE MATERIAL ON THE TOP OF THE CUSHION . I WOULD N'T BUY FROM THE GREEN GROUP AGAIN .
 I previously purchased this pen from Amazon . It felt very substantial and hefty in your hand . It was a work of art . I just purchased this same pen last month and returned it . It felt cheap and light . I think it was a knock off . I returned it right away .
 I 'm an artist , I 've worked on stools my whole professional life . I recently did a big studio upgrade . I bought an Aeron for my computer chair and I had a good experience many years ago with a Human Scale computer chair product at an office I worked in . I bought the task version with the foot rest and arm gels ... this thing is a piece of junk . I honestly do n't know where to begin with my list of complaints.First thing - when I set the chair up the gas chamber was slowly leaking air and so it would ` slowly ' slide down over time . I 've never had this happen with a chair ... but it 's a sinking feeling . I find this completely unnacceptable when your paying 900 dollars , for that price they should really test it before they send it out . I eventually had to get a new gas cylinder ... if you have n't ever installed one do n't ! It 's a giant pain in the ass . I 'm 6 ' 1 ' 220 and in great shape , I was sweating bullets and screaming at the gods with a rubber mallet smashing on the cylinder trying to get it loose.The MC ERGO company , great company BTW - they 're currently sending me a replacement -LRB- not that I really want it , unless it 's an Aeron -RRB- even after over year of frustrations with this chair . So ! I replace the cylinder ... during this time also ordered the humanscale casters for the chair because the wheels on this thing are like are ridiculously ` slidy ' my Aeron is totally awesome , it has some ` tooth ' and the wheels so you do n't just slide about like a frikkin seal on ice ... so the casters ... brilliant right , they 'll work surely what could go wrong . . they 're casters , my nephew could design these properly for all their chair models.The casters Human Scale product do n't fit the task chair for whatever unthinkable reason , the chair now balances on the base of the gas chamber by about 1/16th of an inch ... which is bearable but is slowly drives you mad when you constantly remember you paid as your chair wiggles every time you move . I had to buy a $ 100 rug because it would scratch the hell out of my hard wood if I set it on the cylinder ... $ 900 for this honor ... seriously the casters do n't work ?! Really !! The arms ... what an overly designed notion , design for the sake of design ... they are ` rickety and noisy and again moving them is incredibly clumsy feeling . My aeron again has some ` tooth ' to the materials so there 's no ` Ka-Chunk-Ka-Chunk ' sound when I move them as I often have to at my easel.The company is trying to make it right by sending me a new chair , but seriously it 's still not going to stop me from railing on this thing , especially since I have both chairs and my Herman Miller chair is so awesomly fabulous , worth every penny , never had a single problem .
 Yikes , I just dumped a ton of cash into this chair after sitting in it locally . At the store , I thought all was well . Now after sitting in it for a while , I realize it is not comfortable at all . The back rest is impossible to adjust to me . It feels like I must always lean back in the chair . There is zero upper back support when typing at a keyboard . Plus the stupid chair feels like it was designed for someone who weighs 300 lbs . Big mistake .
 I posted this review on another listing of this chair as well - people need to know!I sit in this chair at work . We just got new offices with all new chairs and I was very excited about having a comfortable chair to sit in . I realize you ca n't know how comfortable a chair will be unless you sit in it for at least 30 minutes , so I do n't blame the people who picked this chair . But everyone needs to know that this chair is absolutely horrible . I 've been at work for about an hour and a half today , and already I am literally writhing in pain . My neck and back are killing me - but so are my arms . My arms ?! What is that ?! We 've had these chairs for a little over a month and I keep hoping I 'll get used to it , that it will get more comfortable . But no . And it 's really disheartening to know that I do n't have hope of changing chairs for the next several years . :-LRB- It 's really sad to be at work all day and just be flat out in pain.I wonder if one of those back pillows would help ... probably not as there is barely enough room to sit without feeling like you are about to fall off . The other reviewer is right - this chair literally rejects you.Update
 This thing is the enemy of good posture . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' , and I ca n't adjust the back to properly align . Worse than that , I ca n't tell the back not to recline . There 's no lock . That 's fine for a conference chair or something , but not to work in every day . I assumed they were cheap -LRB- I work at a small firm -RRB- but when I found out they cost more than an Aeron or Mirra , I just got angry . You 'd be better off buying some cheap $ 150 POS from IKEA than one of these . You 'd be sitting in a substandard chair , but you 'd have $ 650 to put towards those chiropractic co-payments .
 When you lean chair back , it continually attempts to push you upright as it is spring loaded and you must use your feet to not be pushed upright . This place intense pressure on your back and also your feet . Chair should have some mechanism to lock in place when reclined somewhat.Also chair back has a somewhat wraparound `` feature '' as in your car seat so that this compounds pressure points on back . Now why some engineer decided that in an office chair you needed wraparound bolsters is beyond me , but it certainly adds to discomfort level . I am yet to fall off a stationary chair in my life that does not have side bolsters . Basically pressure is exerted or concentrated on the sides of my lumbar instead of the center where my muscles are . I am 5 10 at 175 pounds and am in fine body shape so excess flab is not the issue.Basically same on the chair seat and even though gel cushion , it is uncomfortable for arse to sit on for long also .1 st chair I received was defective -LRB- would not go up or down so was locked in very lowest postion -RRB- , the 2nd one sent was incorrect color and finally received 3rd and correct one . Meanwhile firm charged my AX 3 times and took me 2 months to get all credits to my account straightened out.Another chair off to craigslst I guess . Wish some chair manufacturer would come on out to see what us chickens are eating before they foist their next great design on the seating public . They could make a killing . Do n't get me started on the so called `` Perfect Chair '' or `` Stressless Chair '' ! Been there done that too.Additonal info added 8-6-2007I have been suffering pain in my left hip/pelvis joint the past few weeks . Now I have determined that the cause is this chair and the design of the seating pad . As noted earlier it has bolsters on each side that contact your buttock before you are firmly enscounced in the seat . This creates intense pressure on the hip joint that causes this problem . I have now folded a towel , placed it in the center of the concave action of the seat , then place a gel pad on top of this Rube Goldberg affair . This then tends to `` flatten '' out the seat so I do not experience this pressure . This same problem of course causes pressure on my rib cage because of the rap around of the seat back . Again why does some dope think that you need to be held in an office chair by bolsters , it is not has if you are going to be going around corners at high speed as in an automobile . I called Humanscale and spoke to a lady in marketing . She was basically bored with my call and my suggestions for some improvements . I suggested that she read comments on Amazon.Yesterday I was sitting in a booth at an In and Out hamburger drive in . The booth was totally plastic , no padding at all and was very comfortable for my back and arse . You would think that Humanscale -LRB- and other office chair peddlers could do as well ! -RRB- . Now if I could just hijack one of their booths and make it into an office chair somehow ... !
 My rear hurts , I ca n't sit up straight , and my arms feel as if they 're constantly being forced unnaturally towards my side . These chairs are made cheaply , the arms wobble , the seat mechanism -LRB- the absolute bane of my existence -RRB- breaks very easily , meaning the seat slides forwards and backwards constantly like a wood saw cutting through your sanity , and the chair persistently wants to recline -LRB- ottoman not included -RRB- . If this chair made a horse winnie it might be funny or charming ... but no . Save yourself some money and buy that mechanical bull you 've always wanted instead .
 Not very happy with this pen ... it does look great but not very functional . The writing is movement in wobbly and imprecise . I 've only had this pen for a few weeks and dropped it once -LRB- which is a very common occurrence with pens ! -RRB- and since then it 's become hard to twist the pen on and off .
 I ordered this pen with 2 other Cross pens a few days ago and I received a cancellation notice for this pen -LRB- from Shoplet - the seller -RRB- alone -LRB- while the other 2 pens from other sellers are right on track , as yet -RRB- . They sent me an apology e-mail saying that the product is not in stock . If that was the case , they should have informed me before I went ahead and purchased it . In fact , I still see in the product page that it says the product is `` In Stock '' . I had purchased these pens as a gift for my family members and there is no way I can re-order another one and have it shipped in on time without shellling out quite a bit of extra-money -LRB- totally uncalled for if I received better service -RRB- . I do see a good review for this guy before mine , and I might be that ONE unlucky guy . But again , I got ta put forward my qualms too . With my experience , I would n't use this seller another time or recommend them to anybody either .
 Retractable Heavy Duty Key Holder w / 20 '' ChainThe Key holder I received is not the one shown the one shown is one you slide over your belt the one I got is a slip on style and there is no way to return the item and no links to the seller so I do n't recommend ordering this product .
 It 's heavy , the chain stops retracting , the belt clip fell off . Good idea , but bad construction . Retractable chain should be a steel cable so it retracts and pulls out smoothly . The chain link gets stuck to each other , tangles , and deteriorates the pull . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This is a key ring for someone who carried a bundle of keys like a janitor . The item is so large it is the size of a large stone . Would not recommend for an average office worker . It 's simply too big .
 This is a terrible product . I rent and am not allowed to put holes in my walls . I used this product to place a large photo , and when I went to adjust it , it took a CHUNK of our wall with it ! I followed all the directions as well as being incredibly careful . It says not to use with flat paint , cinderblock , or wallpaper . It should say that you cant use it on anything short of cement itself ! I now have several LARGE HOLES of plaster that I have to pay for thanks to this product . DO NOT GET IF YOU WANT TO TAKE THE PRODUCT DOWN !
 I would give this product zero stars if possible , but under the circumstances I gave it brownie points for letting one of my posters stay up for this month . My mother had purchased 4 packs of Scotch Removable Mounting Squares so I can put posters and decorations up without damaging the walls of my dorm room . I had put 4 mounting squares on a poster . It literally fell within the first hour . After the first month , I got sick of it and put on 8 mounting squares . Still fell.That 's not the end of the story . I had purchased a corkboard that was n't truly that heavy . I put 8 on . it fell within the hour . I put 16 on and it within the week . I just gave up and put 3M command strips and it seems to be working fine -LRB- alas , costing me some money from my broke pockets -RRB- . But , everyone 's different . maybe my packages were in a horrible condition or something .
 I am currently deployed to Afghanistan and my living area is seperated from my roommates by plywood walls ... my poster stayed up on the wall for about an hour .
 These did not work to hang my plain , unframed posters . I used at least 4 on each poster , after cleaning off the surface they would hang on . After about an hour , my posters had flopped off and fallen . At first I thought it was the textured cinderblock that I was trying to hang the posters on . However , after I tried hanging them with new mounting squares on the smooth wood of my closet , they still fell of within an hour . Perhaps it 's the two surfaces I tried to hang posters on , but these did not work for me at all .
 I was very disappointed . The product shipped quickly and I was very excited to use this for the return address on my wedding invitations ... the bottom line came in crystal clear , but you could n't read the top line at all . I tried using the plate in a different embosser , but same thing . Bottom line was perfect , could n't read the top . I tried everything , different kinds of paper , having my fianc&eacute; use his strength to try , nothing worked . I called customer service to see if they could send me a new plate , and they told me it was the font I chose and no refunds because it was a customized piece ... What ? That does n't make any sense because one line -LRB- in the font I chose -RRB- was excellent , and one line -LRB- same font ! -RRB- was unreadable ... Very disappointed . I ended up using a stamper ...
 Although this is listed for use with notary seals , it does not work . When I called the company - I was told that it will not work on thick paper . It is completely useless to me . Amazon has stood behind it , and has ordered me a new one - sure hope it works better than the first . The one I received is a hand held model - and I 'm wondering if the table model would work better . I found customer service at Xstamper to be rude and not helpful .
 This organizer is a piece of junk ! It 's all pressed wood and was a nightmare to assemble.Turns out that when you put the dowels in the side pieces , you have to hammer them in ALL THE WAY -LRB- leaving only a little stub -RRB- because the corresponding holes in the top and bottom are not as deep . It you try to put the top on without the dowels all the way in , they push out through the top or bottom of the unit and deface the unit . I now have a vertical desktop sorter that is all deformed and looks like crap . I wish I could include a picture of what happened . I was so irritated I was tempted to throw the darn thing out !
 This just arrived and it is going straight back . The description states `` easy assembly '' but that is a relative term . It requires hammer , nails and you need to glue . I do not consider this easy assembly .
 Followed instructions and download any new software from anycom . Still does not work as a headset . Sent anycom an email and reviewed their online FAQ . They never responded . Their online system of Q & A suggest many other people have the same problems . Zero Star Rating
 It gave this as a gift on Christmas and it was an insult to the person I gave . The headset is very flimsy and the wire just bends like a hair when trying to adjust behind ear . The sound is very very low and it is very hard to hear the other person.This is not worth it.I had to buy the Logitech windstop bluetooth after this and it was aa huge contrastNever ever buy this anycom product . email me
 I am not super thrilled with this because the screen is hard to read . Also , the batteries that came with it cost $ 11 to replace and they went dead within days of receipt.Oh well , it 's only an interim solution until I can upgrade my phone to something that syncs with Outlook .
 One should not expect much from such an inexpensive item , but it was all I could find to replace my wonderful Sharp Organizer . It is difficult to use and when you do get some information in it some items , especially phone numbers are hard to read . I stopped using it and will keep looking . Not like the usually fabulous things I get at Amazon .
 I needed a simple gadget to store phone numbers and addresses . The latter is no success
 Not easy to use ! Quite complicated . Will not go to a drop down screen . Phone #s will read on the same line as address . Not good . I would recommended not to buy this product .
 My autistic son loves planning and making lists . I thought this would be perfect without being overly expensive . But , everytime he slightly moves it or sets it down , it shuts off , then the screen comes back on saying to refresh or reset , we have done that a bunch of times and it still does n't stay on . If he even picks it up it shuts off . So you can imagine his frustration ... I just had to tell him to stop using it . He only had it 1 day . It just came in the mail yesterday.There is $ 20 spent , for nothing . That is the only thing I disklike about buying things online . You wait for it to come and it does n't work , then what do you do ?
 We could n't get this to stay on . We even bought new batteries and it still wo n't stay on , keeps going back to the reset mode and goes real dim so you ca n't read it !
 IT HAS SUCH LIMITED MEMORY THAT IT IS USELESS AS AN ADDRESS BOOK . PERHAPS IT WOULD BE ACCEPTABLE IF ITS LIMITATIONS WERE NOTED IN ADVERTISING .
 Gave it to my wife but she was not so happy w/it and it 's functions . Would not recommend to a friend .
 I found this unit to be very difficult to read after input . Even with the backlight , viewing was not easy . The lettering could have been larger . I found it difficult to input information and edit if needed .
 I had a similar product with Sharp which had more features . Royal does not give me the option of changing the capital letters to lowercase letters . Entering special symbols and turning off the noise feature . I 'll just give this one away since it does not have all the features I 'm looking for so far .
 I just purchased the Royal dm7070 and it froze up one hour after starting to enter information . Additionally , the numbers are small , and its only worth the $ 13.00 price tag . -LRB- if that -RRB-
 The machine seems OK , BUT the instruction manual is BLANK on every other page ... no number or anything . I am low-tech and NEED this information . Called THREE times and each time they said they would send a manual via email or snail mail , but it never happened . DO NOT BUY FROM THEM .
 I wanted an electronic address book . Though technically this holds addresses and phone numbers , I returned it . Too hard to read the smaller lines , and no indication of whether it is home , cell , or work phone .
 Product worked OK , however we wanted to use them as telephone/address directories . The data storage capacity was far too small to contain several dozen address/telephone numbers . It could be the other -LRB- useless -RRB- functions of the device consumed most of the storage capacity .
 I should of listened to all the bad reviews because it was worst then that.I know that people want to be nice but I would but I ca n't that was a totale waste of my money.I hate people or companys that sell broken or not working products.It sucks.If you are looking for a way to waste your money here here !!!! If I could I would put in bold print here is the place to waste 20.00 . I think I am done
 When I bought this organizer , I first thought it was what I had been looking for . It Does have a lot of good items on it for keeping info on it . But , one thing I was looking for was an ability to use small letters on it when recording e-mail addresses on there . There was no `` shift '' key on this to be able to do this . There were other reasons I would use capital and small letters too . This is why I sent it back .
 I was very excited to receive this item . However the screen it Not readable unless you hold theorganizer almost upside down . I followed the directions to get more contrast but it only makes theentire screen darker . Very diappointed
 I was looking for replacement for a Sharp OZ organizer I had used for 15 years . Could n't find anything close in Sharp , setttled on this . It is O.K. , but limitede for my use as a calendar . It shows appointments , ca n't schedule a length of time . Ca n't look at the day/week/month at a glance . Limited , but I got what I paid for . Disappointing , nonetheless .
 I thought this item would be great , instead it 's very hard to imput information , difficult to follow instructions . The instructions are not always correct or even helpful . I should return both of them , but it 's just not worth worrying about.I had to throw them away , neither of us could use them , and I had several other people try to understand this also
 Can not use , so setting on a bookshelf in my home as description in write-up about alarm was not as it actually is . It has one `` beep '' and then a blinking light to let you know it is time for an appointment or to do something and I can not really here it while in my work environment and I certainly ca n't just sit and stare looking for a blinking light to appear . Very disappointed .
 This did not work . I contacted tech support at Royal , and they agreed that it was defective . However , I was credited for it .
 But when it arrived and I started loading data into it . . I learned very quickly that the very small amount of storage it has makes it a ridiculous gadget . I sent it back because it simply do n't have enough storage to make it worthwhile for any modern day use .
 may as well used KY jelly , ... ... . v . . ... .
 These worked great ... when they stayed attached to the bottom of my chair . But , after a few days of pushing and pulling my chair up to my desk , they popped off . The adhesive used just is n't enough to hold these guys onto anything that 's going to be moved around fairly frequently and with any weight on it -LRB- i.e. a desk chair -RRB- . This is a problem with pretty much any product you buy , and these are no exception . I 'll keep hunting around for other options so I do n't scrape up my floor .
 I have installed these labels in my dymo printer , and they seem to be working fine . However , it is entirely unethical to show pictures of `` DYMO '' packaging and use the `` DYMO '' description and then send generic labels . I 'm sure the dymo people would n't be real happy about that either.If you are selling generic product , then say it in the description . But misleading customers , regardless of the quality , is poor business .
 I needed this quickly , so was willing to pay the extra for shipping . Paid 18.78 in `` expedited '' shipping costsfor an order of two of these . Package did arrive promptly shipping from California to Colorado . However , this package -LRB- an order of two -RRB- was shipped via USPS Priority . Exactly as it arrived in box , to ship via Priority mail -LRB- 2-3 days -RRB- costs 7.10 to ship . This was a markup on shipping of 11.68 . To make matters worse , I find the product page as a whole to be misleading . The product image shows a Dymo brand box , and the description of the product uses the Dymo name . Nowhere is it indicated that this product is a generic product , and not actually the Dymo Brand . This product has no branding whatsoever on it , unlike genuine Dymo products which are packaged in a Dymo box , and have the Dymo name on the back of the labels . This came with no box , only the spool as it would come out of the box , and there is absolutely no branding on the back of the labels.If this product stated as generic , then I would not be as displeased with this purchase . However , I find the product page extremely misleading for the reasons mentioned above , and the shipping costs -LRB- at least the `` expedited ones '' to be marked up well beyond a reasonable level.As to the quality of the product , I have not used it yet . I will say that the labels are wound quite loosely around the spool , and the sides of the label roll have several indentions and imperfections which make me wonder how well it will perform with my printer . Will not be purchasing from them again . If you do , be aware that this is a generic product , and do n't waste your time on any overpriced expedited shipping.Thanks .
 I needed these bad . I ordered rush overnight delivery . Guess what ? No Delivery confirmation on these labels . The 30387 are supposed to have delivery confirmation . These do not . Do n't waste your time ordering with Amazon . Order these through stamps.com You will get the correct item through them
 Good paper , but nowhere does it say here that this paper is only printable on ONE side . The other side has the HP name and logo all over it .
 The item is clearly titled Matte . I received a box of Premium Photo Paper Soft Gloss . So it matches the item photo but not the item title . Then when I tried to return they gave me the runaround . For under $ 10 I just kept it - not worth my time to return - but if you are looking for the HP Premium Photo Paper in Matte -LRB- which is terrific and I highly recommend -RRB- , THIS item is not it . This stuff works fine , as far as gloss goes , but is nothing in quality compared to the matte paper referenced in the product title . Too bad .
 I purchased this low-power laser pointer to use for playing with our cat - so as to not blind him . I wanted a pointer with easy to find batteries , and the description said it uses AAA batteries . It does n't - it uses a stack of puny button batteries . It 's not worth returning.This pointer is otherwise ok if you want an anemic laser , and sometimes you do !
 Have n't seen the pens yet , and ca n't seem to get a receipt for the purchase . so far , not sure what to think .
 I have never been cut by a pen before now . The top of clip is sharp edge . I somehow caught by thumb on it and it drew blood . Pens should not cut with ordinary use . The clip is a pain to deal with anyway . I does n't just slide over your shirt pocket like most other pens -- you have to squeeze the top hard to open the clip -- it 's a bother . The pen feels somewhat heavy . It write fine .
 Having tried two different boxes of this , I finally gave up on it as I simply could not get it to feed through my printer w/o jamming up and munging the canvas -LRB- Cannon PIXMA pro 9000 -RRB- . Both boxes of paper had sheets that curl on the edges . It 's a shame because the quality of prints -- especially darks -- was great on this paper .
 Following was described for the product at the website : =============================================================================================== From the ManufacturerThe Cross Century II Medalist Fountain Pen with Polished Chrome and 23 Karat Gold Plated Appointments features a 23 Karat Gold Plated Nib for consistently smooth ink flow . This medium-diameter fountain pen also features the trademark Cross conical tip and a classic silhouette.What 's in the BoxCross Fountain Pen , 2 Black Fountain Pen Cartridges and 1 Screw-in Style Cartridge/Bottled Ink Converter . ============================================================================================= The supply DID NOT CONTAIN the `` Screw-in Style Cartridge/Bottled Ink Converter '' AS PROMISED.I am the biggest fan of amazon.com but am extremely disappointed with the inability to contact the customer service to supply the missing item . I do not buy the item to return but want to use them right away unless they can not be used . The pen with cartridges can be used but it definitely frustrates to receive incomplete supplies . I hope someone listens and takes care of the issue .
 Shortly after receiving it , I noticed the nib assembly seemed to be loose in the barrel . I was able to hand tighten it , but every now and then I would find it loose again . This proved to be an annoyance , and a flaw which I would not expect from a quality pen such as Cross.However , today , when I went to use it , I discovered the nib assembly has completely unscrewed from the barrel , and is now lodged inside the cap . I 'm sending it back to Cross . Although their guanantee states FREE replacement , their website talks about a `` processing fee '' . When a manufacturer produces a faulty product , I do n't expect to pay a processing fee to get them to honor their guanantee .
 Yes , I am still very , very disappointed . Why ? This item was intended as a gift for a very respectful and dear friend of mine . And I was waiting it with the real gladness . And what ?!!! Opening the box I found that the very important part of it , the converter , is n't there ... Unfortunately , I have opened it being already far fom the US , and I could n't return it or at least make a complaint about such a loathsome attitude towars the consumer ...
 First of all the display numbers and letters started to fade . . the battery did n't last long at all not compared to the other brands that I used before . Seems I have to recharge it every minute and ca n't talk a long time on the phone . . just not a good model I love the features but I need a better phone .
 After 6 months the LCD screens on both have lost so many pixels they are almost unreadable . They are really cheaply made . I 'm looking for my receipt now . Luckily Maine has a 4 year warranty on ALL consumer goods .
 This has honestly been the WORST item I have ever purchased from Amazon . I do n't blame Amazon , though . They followed through in every way they should . Simply put , this phone from VTech has no business being on the market.When I first purchased this phone , within 1 to 5 minutes on a call , the phone would start `` beeping '' and the call would be dropped . This happened on both headsets and was independent on the number called and if I moved the base stations around the house . I have no other 5.4 gHz electronics in the house , so interference should not be a problem . I even disabled 2.4 gHz products to troubleshoot , but to no avail.I returned the item to Amazon as I figured it was defective . Amazon promptly replaced the item at no charge . When I received the new item , I got the exact same problem . Tried to contact VTech , but never got a response . So why did this happen with two identical items one right after another ? Coincidence ? Maybe . Piece of junk phone -LRB- s -RRB- ? Most likely !! I will never buy anything else from VTech !!! Thank you , Amazon , though , for supporting your customers ... even though the manufacturers apparently do n't . I 'd try calling them , but I 'm sure the phone would drop the call before they picked up . Wait !! Maybe I 've stumbled on to something here !! Hmmm ... CAVEAT EMPTOR with VTech !!!
 Brought phone for the kids to use , its ok for short conversation . For some reason when your on the phone for a few minutes , here comes the static .
 This phone serves its purpose as a basic analog 5.8 GHz cordless phone and is worth what you pay for it . The caller ID works as it should . The phone holds a charge for about a day and a half -LRB- not seven like stated in the manual -RRB- on standby . I do n't remain on the phone long to measure continuous talk time . You should not expect stellar performance and features from a $ 35 cordless telephone set.I did n't expect this phone to have rock solid reception . The phones suffer from static for no apparent reason , no matter what the distance from the base is . I wanted to write this `` review '' because I 've experienced something I did n't expect to occur on a phone that uses the 5.8 GHz frequency - crosstalk . It picked up a conversation between two individuals crystal clearly . I guess this is because it is ANALOG and does n't have advanced signal encryption ... None at all I guess.I suggest anyone looking for a basic phone to pass on this one . The static becomes a bit of a nuisance and conversations may not be safe from signal eavesdropping . Vtech makes decent phones , but when they make CHEAP phones ... they sure are cheap .
 The base failed after 3 days ... the noise was so loud it was unlistenable . I followed each troubleshooting section until there was nothing left on in the house but the phone . Both handsets received the same noise . -LRB- The older phone that I replaced was still fine . -RRB- I wrote to the vendor but have not yet received a response .
 We bought this phone b/c a previous vtech phone served us well . This one , however is just missing too many key features that I took for granted . For instance , there is no speaker phone feature -LRB- was great for when I was put on hold -RRB- and the ringer volume control only works if you press it WHILE the phone is ringing , and then resets to `` loud '' for the next call - in my house the phone keeps waking up the baby and I ca n't set any handset or the base to silent mode . Also , switching to pick up call waitibg is a crapshoot , you never know if you will disconnect one or both people . If you want a totally stripped down phone , this might work for you . For anyone else , it 's a step down .
 Retunred unit . One battery worked , one did n't and was having a hard time trying to replace the battery , which I should n't have had to do , decided I really did n't need it .
 Bought this phone package , and everything was ok for about 3 weeks . Then , for no apparent reason , the phone began to experience very noisy static - to the point that you can not hear the other person unless they are yelling.This seemed to occur primarily if you move farther than 5 to 10 ft from the base unit . Switching through all available channels , and researching online at V-tech 's website led to no solutions to correct the problem.After researching for a replacement , it is clear that all of the negative comments about this phone are justified . Given it 's almost non-functioning state , it deserves a zero rating .
 They do n't tell you this but only one of the phones actually dials out . What this manufacturer was thinking when they made this package is completely unknown . Ostensibly , there is one phone for actually using and the other is one that is paged . You can not add on or modify the system . The static is nearly always present , you need to change the channels often . Do n't waste your money on this system .
 You ca n't be on both handsets at the same time , i.e. 2 people ca n't pick up to simultaneously speak to the caller - calls have to be `` transfered '' from one handset to the other via a `` transfer '' button ! They do n't tell you this in the description , but now you know why it 's so cheap ! Pay the extra and get a better model , one where you can be on both handsets simultaneously !
 DOES N'T WORKSTORE DO N'T HELPLOST MY MONEYMAL PRODUCTONO FUNCIONALA TIENDA NO AYUDOPERDI MI DINERONO LO RECOMIENDO
 Yes this machine shreds , and cross cuts too , at the same time , BUT ----- the feeder is awkward so that you will find yourself re-feeding the same stack of sheets several times . I imagine the problem is with a safety feature that prevents you from accidentally feeding your fingers into the blades , but the result of this feature is that the papers need to be fed at a very particular angle and they easily get jammed against the back of the machine rather than going into the jaws of death .
 I have used some of the cheaper Fellowes shredders in the past , and have been happy with them . I needed to scale up my shredding activities , and after reading the reviews on this Royal 160MX , I figured it would be worth trying out . Now , in theory it looks like a great buy ; it has a large paper tray , can shred up to 16 sheets in a go , as well as CD 's / DVD 's . After two days of LIGHT shredding , I started to hear groaning noises coming from the shredder . I figured it might have been a paper jam , so I tried reversing the blades . That did n't fix anything , so I opened it up and had a look inside . It turned out that some of the blades had actually deformed , and paper had started to form in between the rollers , squishing some of the blades together . I tried scraping some of the paper out , but with all those layers , it just was n't possible to clear them off the rollers . The damage had already been done , and one of the plastic rollers had started to crack . I am waiting to see if the store I bought it from will give me a refund , or at the very least an exchange.Now , if the other reviewers find that this shredder works fine for them , that 's great . Unfortunately , that was not the case with mine . That said , whether or not my product was defective , the design of the shredding rollers is definitely inferior to that of even the cheapest Fellowes ones . I would tell people who have moderate to heavy shredding needs to avoid this shredder at all costs , but I suppose even those with light shredding may want to try a cheaper , Fellowes model.I gave this Royal shredder 1 star because it failed to do what it claims to . I would understand if 16 pages at a time might be a bit much , but I never shred more than 8 in a go .
 I bought the Brother 160MX shredder in July '09 in preparation for setting up my home office and finally working from home as a medical coder . I started using it about 2 months ago and for the first few weeks when it got very light use it was great . I figured it would n't take 16 pages but this is ridiculous . It will take 10 sheets of standard 20wt office type copy paper , not exactly out-of-the-ordinary for a home office and at 12 sheets it stops and flashes `` overload . `` As I write this I can only feed it paper if I fold it in half and put it in the middle of the feed in slot because the outside edge of the grinder has a build up/jam of paper . I am trying to figure out how to un-jam it so I can go back to full sheet shredding . And yes , I have used the shredder lubricant.I knew how much paper I would have to shred on a monthly basis and I purposely bought a shredder that was advertised as being capable of shredding twice that much . As it turns out because I recycle all paper -LRB- I use both sides -RRB- I have a much smaller amount to shred and it is a GOOD thing . When you have to fold all the sheets lengthwise and feed them in at 4 or 5 at a time it takes a LONG time to shred those medical records.Do yourself a favor and save some money ... keep looking.I believe I paid $ 168.00 for mine .
 We had this unit for about a week before it would n't turn off . It 's a pain to turn it on when you have to shread something and have to turn the machine off when you are done . It works fine in reverse but that really serves no purpose . I have heard of other people having this problem also .
 I shred everything that comes into the house and a cheap $ 30 shredder often lasts me 8 months . After reading a fair amount of positive reviews I thought this unit would be a good investment . I was wrong and after only 2 months of moderate use this thing is unusable . I tried to take it apart to repair it and no luck . When it was functioning the feed was awkward and difficult to use . The unit was also loud and the reverse button would require multiple presses -LRB- sometimes 10 or more -RRB- before engaging . In summary , this shredder is an over-priced piece of junk .
 This only has 1 yr warranty . It broke just beyond the warranty period . I can buy a $ 50 black and decker with a lifetime warranty .
 This shredder is best left for someone seeking to shred 2-3 pieces of 8-10 sheets of paper not more than 20 pounds . It is rather noisy , makes metal sounds , slot is not easy to get paper into . It also shuts off when two-thirds full , and jams frequently . Over-heated after 15 minutes of moderate business shredding.This is not a good office shredder , and was returned .
 No straight pass through to shred paper.Make a lot of noise when shredding.Sounds like it is laboring just to shred 3 pages .
 whether I 'm inserting 2 sheets or 10 sheets . The product spends more time beeping than shredding . It does nothing but beep . Hard to feed and A total piece of crap
 The excellent reviews on this shredder is the main reason why I purchased this produce , however ; when the supposedly new shredder arrived the first thing I noticed was the beat up box , as well as , the taped of top-box which indicated to me that the shredder has been opened and probably used . I kept an opened mind and pulled the shredder out of the box and I was right , the shredder was used . The pull-out trash can had shredded paper still the can . I believe someone purchased the shredder , used it , did n't like it , returned it back to Amazon.com and Amazon.com turned around and sold it to me as a new shredder . I was so mad that I did n't use the shredder so I can not give a review of the shredder.I have been ordering items from Amazon.com for years and it is very shocking me to know that a used item has been sold to me as a new item . Maybe this was the one that slipped thru the crack and this is just an isolated event . I will still order items from Amazon.com for now , however ; I will always be keeping a close watch on the items that arrived to my home from now on .
 Some genius decided to affix a paper ad to the front of this machine with permanent glue that can not be removed without an hour of scrapping , leaving a scratched and marred front . It 's too bad that Royal let such a stupid problem infect what I am willing to assume is a well designed machine . By the way , calling the Royal consumer service line gets you to a completely useless person in India .
 I just purchased this pen and pencil set but will be sending it back immediately . Cross used to be a quality name but alas no longer . The pencil stopped working after about five minutes . Overall the quality is very poor . This will be my last purchase of any Cross product .
 Before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . I have a number of older Cross pens that say `` USA '' near the top , and they are great pens . However , I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . The top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . The first one I got , I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their `` lifetime guarantee , '' only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a `` handling fee '' attached.I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . So later on when these new colors came out , I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.My advice
 My printer does n't seem to like it . It gets stuck very easily , and when it does print it becomes blurry .
 After 2 tries I still did n't get what I ordered , so I feel that it was not a wise choice , wrote to them again after they said they would send out the right order received the order still not what I ordered , wrote them again never heard from them . I will not order from these people ever again
 This is really , really crappy paper . I 'm an amatuer so I 'll live through it , but I 'm sure glad I only got 100 sheets . Given that your real cost is the ink , this is terrible paper to waste your ink on .
 We picked up this `` HP Everyday Photo Paper '' to print product pictures for my wife 's small business on better quality paper than `` plain paper '' . The end results are better than plain paper , but far below most other lower cost photo paper . Here are my observations : Pros - + Inexpensive ; for photo paper , this is relatively low pricedCons -- Slow Drying ; myBrother MFC-6490CW Professional Series Color Inkjet Wireless All-in-One Printerhas fairly quick drying ink on most papers , but was really surprised that my prints smudged even after sitting for more than five minutes - Marginal Image Quality ; no amount of tweaking I could do produced `` outstanding '' resultsWe will use the rest of this paper , but will not buy it again.CFH
 Ca n't even call this photo paper because it is so thin . I took it out of the wrapper and wondered if I had even ordered photo paper . If I could give it a zero , I would .
 I 've been delighted with many HP products over the last 30 years -LRB- I still have my first HP calculator -RRB- , but this photo paper is just hideous . I bought a 100-sheet pack for use with my Canon Pixma printer , which produces lovely photos on a variety of vendors ' papers.But when it comes to HP `` Everyday '' Photo Paper , I 've experimented with a variety of printer settings to see if I can come up with an acceptable combination , but to no avail.In a nutshell , the paper 's surface seems to resist , rather than attract , ink . A photo printed on this paper takes forever to dry , and when it does , it has a grainy , blotchy appearance , worse than any other photo paper I 've ever used.I 'm a frugal person , so the step I took just before writing this review -- tossing more than half this package into recycling -- was not taken lightly . I suggest you avoid purchasing this paper .
 I was so excited in waiting for this photo paper
 I found the exact same thing as the customer in Seattle , not matter what setting I select I just get a blotchy result . Yes , paper may be optimized for use with a corresponding brand of printer , but you should at least be able to get usable prints . Kodak paper works beautifully in my Canon Pixma.Of course , there is a reason that I bought the Canon & not another HP ...
 I have used plenty of photo paper even no name brands , but this is the worst I have ever purchased and the most expensive . The paper will not feed thru , just keep jamming my printer . I had planned to print and give some photos at Christmas gifts . Did n't happen . I have been able to print 3 sheets so far and have messed up more than 10 . I wo n't be using this because it wastes time and is very frustrating unjamming paper . I certainly do not want it to mess up my printer . -LRB- The printer was set for this type paper . -RRB-
 I ordered thirty or forty boxes of this paper in the spring of 2010 and got exactly what I wanted . When I ordered it in November of 2010 it was not the same ! If you can use gloss paper this may work for you. , but if you think you are buying semi-gloss -LRB- as described -RRB- you will be disappointed . This paper was semi-gloss in early 2010 but what you get now is definitely gloss ! It is even labeled `` GLOSS . '' I am returning my entire November order -LRB- forty boxes -RRB- . What a waste of time and energy .
 These are not left handed scissors in any way . Left handed scissors require the blades to be reversed for pressureto work for a clean cut .
 They labeled it as a 30cm ruler which is confusing since most rulers are listed in inches . Much cheaper deals on amazon than this .
 For the price , the binder did n't stand out as high quality . It 's an average binder that you would see at Staples . You ca n't get this one there , but I was anticipating a little more quality look for the price . The binder does n't fall closed without zipping it up when you 're at a table . It 's a little stiff . I will not pay this price for one of these again .
 We have been investigating handset and headset options for our staff to use with Skype . The Hawking HNT1 presented one of the lowest cost options . We tried this unit after having testing the USRobotics USB Internet Mini Phone -LRB- USR9602WM -RRB- , which we have found one of the best solutions for us.The HNT1 phone has a LCD display that actually works -LRB- the USR9602WM has a plastic cover where you would expect there to be a display -RRB- . However , since you are on a USB connection to your PC it is of very little use and is less than easy to navigate.The HNT1 presented a couple of issues in installation :1 . The previously installed USR9602WM device -LRB- which had used the same USB port -RRB- was not over-ridden by the Hawking software and another port had to be used to get it working .2 . The sound interface between Skype and PC sound system required several adjustments and in the end I removed it from my PC and reinstalled the USR9602WM . The USR9602WM , by the way , enables you to stream music and talk on the phone at the same time -- this may be something that can be configured in other ways , but the USR9602WM installation software manages this for you pretty efficiently .
 We have been investigating handset and headset options for our staff to use with Skype . The Hawking HNT1 presented one of the lowest cost options . We tried this unit after having testing the USRobotics USB Internet Mini Phone -LRB- USR9602WM -RRB- , which we have found one of the best solutions for us.The HNT1 phone has a LCD display that actually works -LRB- the USR9602WM has a plastic cover where you would expect there to be a display -RRB- . However , since you are on a USB connection to your PC it is of very little use and is less than easy to navigate.The HNT1 presented a couple of issues in installation :1 . The previously installed USR9602WM device -LRB- which had used the same USB port -RRB- was not over-ridden by the Hawking software and another port had to be used to get it working .2 . The sound interface between Skype and PC sound system required several adjustments and in the end I removed it from my PC and reinstalled the USR9602WM . The USR9602WM , by the way , enables you to stream music and talk on the phone at the same time -- this may be something that can be configured in other ways , but the USR9602WM installation software manages this for you pretty efficiently .
 If this is the desk shown , it 's a great price . If it 's the File cabinet found elsewhere , keep looking , it 's available for $ 40 less right on Amazon .
 Cheaply made and for the price just not worth it . I needed a filing cabinet bad and I went online to save money and to buy something aesthetically acceptable not just whatever they had on the shelf at the store . This product was either so poorly made or poorly packaged it arrived with broken pieces . Amazon was GREAT about taking it back and I have a box en route to me now for return shipment.BUT for $ 105.00 i expect metal not plastic parts and to be honest I would have proffered it came mostly assembled and not in a million pieces -LRB- I AM mechanically inclined but I was paying for the privilege not to have to deal with it -RRB- . I could have bought the same thing at IKEA for 1/3rd the price if I wanted to put it together .
 Looks nice , but very fragile . Drawers are all a little uneven and barely held together with a few screws . Spend the extra money and something more sturdy .
 The materials are OK , the glass top looks great.The welds on the product were done with all the care and precision of your average junior high metal shop student.The screws are of such low quality that a very small person can strip the heads using only a hand held screw driver . -LRB- NOT power tools -RRB- Cheap quality plastic drawer fronts and very weak drawer bottoms . Only time will tell if they will hold up .
 Drawer fronts poorly constructed . Drawer rails flimsy . Drawers did n't fit frame . Too much work invested in assembly to take apart and send back . Had great potential but did n't square up .
 Basically it looks ok and the aesthetic design is fine . However , the parts do n't fit together , the side panel of the hanging file drawer was either damaged or poorly manufactured meanign the parts had to be forced together having hammered the thing into shape . Several of the screw hole did not line up and the draw fronts are insubstantial - unsuitable for screwing into . I could have been sent the Friday afternoon clunker but clearly the QC process is n't what it might be . The lesson is that filing cabinets are generally round the $ 200 mark . $ 100 ? I guess you get what you pay for . But even then - garbage .
 The product was defective when it arrived . The black paint on the face of the cabinet had been seared off on one of the corners . I am still waiting for a replacement after 3 weeks .
 We have n't even put it together yet . There are so many steps and instructions for what we thought was a simple little piece of furniture that we are sorry we ever purchased it . It will probably look nice and be useful once it is assembled , but I 'm not sure if that day will ever come .
 This phone is cheap , and you get what you pay for . Their range is very limited , and I get an awful lot of `` clicking '' static unless i 'm right by the base . I have tried the based in several areas with the same result . They just do n't work well .
 I bought this phone for my home office . It is so hard to find a cordless phone with caller ID and a speakerphone without having to buy one with an answering machine also . So , I was glad to find this one . I am sorry to say that it has not been satisfactory . The speakerphone works fine , but when I use the handset , it sounds `` tinny '' and the voices are muffled , even after changing channels . The people I am talking to say I sound garbled and they can hardly hear me , which is the same probem I have talking to others . I have also tried it with a headset , with no success . I called Coby and was told to mail it back with $ 6.00 and they will repair or replace it , so I will try that .
 I bought a sister telephone -LRB- 8700 -RRB- with two handsets about 9 months ago and both handsets are now basically useless
 I was so excited to see a relatively affordable speakerphone with caller-id that did n't have an answering machine ; alas , the speakerphone part did n't work at all -LRB- every time I tried to use it , there was just unbearable feed back regardless of where the handset was situated -RRB- . Regarding the handset
 Quality , sturdy board with nice and easy mounting system.However , the product description states `` A factory-installed marker tray keeps markers and accessories conveniently with the board . The board comes complete with a Quartet dry-erase marker . `` There was no marker that came with this board . Also , unless the top of the frame is the `` factory installed marker tray '' , there is no tray as described either .
 I really should 've listened to the review written by `` richcip '' . There really is n't a marker tray as described , which I really did n't care about . However , the part that really bugs is the fact that it does NOT come with a `` Quartet dry-erase marker '' as described . I just thought that the first reviewer got a raw deal and they had simply forgot the marker but now I know they just never include it . Otherwise , yes , the board is perfectly decent and not cheap looking . Still peeved about the marker not included though ...
 There 's no a marker tray as described , neither the `` Quartet dry-erase marker '' as they describe it in the product description.Its a shame for them to try to sell something lying to their customers .
 I wanted the marker tray like my old board had - one of the reasons why I bought this as a replacement . It did n't come with the board as described in the tech specs .
 This thing is a ripoff as it is very poor quality andliterally tears in two much like a cardboard box would.In fact , you would be better off tearing up a cardboardbox to roll your chair around on these things are so lightweight and flimsy . Dont waste your money or time !
 The mat cracks easy . ReStockIt shipped a used mat to my house that looked like it had gone through a paper shredder . I should also note that the back side of the mat has small spikes meant to help hold it in place on a carpet and it is not meant for hard wood floors . As one user mentioned you might not be much worse off just using a piece of cardboard but a small piece of high traffic carpet would probably also do the trick .
 first of all , it took FOREVER to get the trsfers to stick to the t-shirts , then , they only give you one of those papers to go between each transfer and the iron which meant that once each one started getting sticky , I had no choice but to keep using it therefore RUINING the shirts . Maybe it was just user error , but this is n't the first time I 've done T-shirt trasnfers , yet only two out of the included 6 actually came out right . Avery trasfers are far easier to use -LRB- I just wish they did n't leave the tea-stain effect -RRB- . All in all , these have proven to be hit or miss with me , and they 're too pricey to be going through trial and error .
 I 've tried these transfers several times on several different types of fabrics and they simply do not work . I 've been disappointed every time , after following the directions to the letter . The image did not transfer no matter how hot the iron and how much pressure I applied . Ruined a couple t-shirts in the process.Also , hp printing software will flip the image horizontally when you select `` iron-on transfer '' in printing properties , so if you have already flipped your image in the document , when you print onto the transfer paper the image will have flipped BACK without warning . I wasted several sheets of this paper dealing with that problem .
 Did not stick on anything I tried , even I followed the instructions carefully . Ended up using iron-on transfers intended for white fabrics instead , which is much better solution -LRB- even for colored fabrics -RRB-
 I needed this product for LIGHT COLORED fabrics . This is only for DARK COLORED fabrics . I did not return the product because I might use it in the future.The product DESCRIPTION on Amazon.com is ERRONEOUS !
 Waste of money . will not feed through my HP printer , even though all other paper and Avery iron on transfers print just fine . HP support no help . total loss .
 I have used several brands of t-shirt transfers , these are the absolute worst I have ever come across . They will leave a BRIGHT white background on any shirt . Even on a white t-shirt you can see the difference in the background ! And HP advertises these as for use on colored shirts , AND goes so far as to show them put on color shirts -- and there is no white background , even though it would have been impossible to do this with these transfers . I guess they showed silk-screened shirts on the covers , or used transfers by a different company ?? UNBELIEVABLE . I will never buy another HP product of any sort ever again .
 These hanging file folders could be a bit more sturdy . The design is good but the plastic can fracture easily with almost any twisting or force at all , like when you are assembling them ...
 I was dissapointed with this chair mat after paying what I thought was a higher price than normal . It cracked after only 45 days and the manufacturer did not return my email request concerning warranty .
 I would have GLADLY paid more for something that lasted a little longer than 2 months before it started cracking from nub to nub like a puzzle ... it is `` usable '' in that I still have plastic covering me low-pile Berber carpet , BUT it is becoming an up and down-hill roll around my desk area . I had chair mats from the big box office supply places that worked better and lasted longer than this . This needs to be pulled and re-worked to last longer . Disappointed to say the least !
 I perused a lot of chair mats , looking for one that would work with a carpet and did n't have a lip -- which my desk can not accept . This seemed like a good choice because no mention was made in the product description of a lip . Imagine my surprise when I opened the package!Well , I 'll keep it because a chair mat is just a chair mat , and I will cut off the lip . It wo n't look great cosmetically , but almost no one will see it but me.Still , I am disappointed that Amazon did n't describe this chair mat completely , and I ended up making a purchase I am not happy with .
 Are these fastened on the 11in or the 8.5 in side of the paper?The pic of the box is red , like the ones that fasten on the 8.5 in side ; but the pic also appears to be long , like the ones that fasten on the 11in side , rather than short , like the ones that fasten on the 8.5 in side.Pics of other sellers boxes of these that fasten on the 11in side are blue & are the same manufacture.Is the pic of this version in error , or the description in error , or are they indeed the fasteners that go on the 11in side ?
 This is the third time I bought this item . However the product quality changed this time . Envelopes are much thinner than before and looks cheaper . still works as envelopes .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The Curvy Cutter is overpriced , does n't offer enough `` outside the track options '' for additional sizes , offers no instructions for cutting outside the circle .
 Item does not cut well . Pictures have jagged edges with this product . I would not reccomend .
 This is a flimsy little cutter . The ruler is in the wrong direction - instead of being across the top it goes down the side , parallel to the cut . So say if you want to trim a picture to 8 `` x 10 '' you have to measure it and mark it first , then trim it . You do n't really see exactly where the cut is going to be once you lower the arm , and since the cutter is so flimsy the pictures tend to move or slide out of the way once you lower the arm . It takes 2 people to be able to use it semi-smoothly . I will probably move to a different type of cutter . For small infrequent jobs it will do ok , but I would n't recommend it for someone who wants it for higher volume . Bottom line , the old adage holds true
 For the price , I was expecting much more . I give this thing 2 months and then it 's going in the trash . All plastic and only cuts in one direction . Keep looking ...
 Not a review of the item really , because I ca n't get it delivered . I had an error in the shipping address , and consequently the item went to the wrong place . This vendor has been AWFUL ! in trying to get this situation resolved . The only response I got from `` Rachel '' in customer service was `` that was the address we got from Amazon , and that 's where it got shipped '' . They wo n't help me get the item to the right address , and wo n't respond to emails or phone calls.I strongly recommend avoiding this vendor based on their pathetic and awful customer service .
 Do n't buy this product ! Not worth your money , your time , and the stress because the customer service rep will not help you with any issues regarding this item . That 's all .
 A calculator so sophisticated with the worst display they could use . With the actual LCD displays , sensitive screens and rechargeable NiCd batteries , is out of my understanding why TI still uses this kind of display . Even cell phones have better displays to insert and show data . The contrast is not good enough and if you are under a filament lamp you can see the numbers with a ghost -LRB- two times the screen , due the shadow -RRB- . If you use a notebook , cell phone and digital camera daily , you will not like this product . The resolution is not so good for the `` textbook like '' and to the `` Advanced Large Screen Graphing '' slogan.The pdf documentation is bad too , since I CAN NOT PRINT the necessary pages .
 The voyage 200 is no help I could not use it because I ca n't undersTand how to use it I wasted money .
 System hangs a lot of times ... Afterwards it restarts and all your data is gone ... And uses a very large amount of power ... Means you have to buy lots of batteries ... You better chose TI-92plus ...
 The Texas Instruments Voyage 200 is defective . Three keys do not work and I am presently in Panama Central America and can not find a serice center to repair the calculator . I am very unhappy that this brand new product does not work and is virtually worthless . If you know of an authorized Texas Instrument service center in Panama City Panama , please advise me
 We bought this pad and opened it up . The grips on the back are excellent and kept the pad in place . Sadly , our mouse would n't track on the pad at all . It would work on the bare desk but not on the pad . We will have to return it and try another .
 Just a quick note
 I ordered this shredder and it was delivered today -LRB- 7/28/08 -RRB- . This shredder appears to be used when I purchased it new with the top part scraped as well as the basket and rollers . There are also pieces of shredded paper in the basket .8 / 08 The product purchased appeared to be used . The company from which I purchased this shredder was able to discount the price enough to make it worthwhile to keep .
 ** Note
 The Casio HR-8TEPlus is a lot slower than its grandfather . My grandson wanted a new calculator , so I gave him my old Casio and bought this new one . Big mistake . The action is slower - you ca n't set an automatic `` A '' decimal for adding money and there is no clear explanation of how to use the alternate keys . I like the older model better .
 se & ntilde ; ores que ha sucedido que me cobraron y mi producto aun no llega , denme una explicacion por favor o me devuelven mi dinero
 Falls apart easily , especially the rubber part that is meant to hold the laptop.My laptop has fallen off it more than once.All in all , a big disappointment .
 canxas paper 17x12 100 sheet but only 50 sheet 3 ordered I bouht never accountCanon Fine Art Water Resistant Canvas Paper , 17 '' x 22 '' -LRB- C -RRB- , 100 Sheets
 I was looking for something that would actually hold cash -LRB- bills -RRB- and not just change . Unfortunately , the money slots are only coin size , which did n't compute in my brain from the image . The box itself is well made , which is great , because when I tried to contact the seller -LRB- Shoplet -RRB- to return or exchange the boxes , they were absolutely NOT helpful . The vendor sent me a number and said the UPS would pick up the package . I sent them two emails asking about how that worked since the items were shipped to my home address and I do n't usually sit at home waiting for the UPS guy to stop by . I never received a response to my email inquiries , so now I guess I 'm stuck with the two boxes I purchased.I usually enjoy buying online , but this was a negative experience and I do not recommend purchasing anything from Shoplet - find another seller !
 I actually was given this as a gift an numberof yeaars ago and at that time was told was around $ 50 > I lov ed it then until after about a year amazingly ri8ght after the warranty had run out it mostly died start acting real weird then finally quit all together . Wound up buying another one again which only lasted about a year in a half . It sat there for a while until thought 3 is the charm and was astounded that the price had about quadrupled . I was really shocked then looking further found there was a extreme amount of complaints about noise and short lif yet many ideas of trying this or that to get to work again none which ever worked threw it into a junk box in the bsmt finally got it out just last july to see ig anything could be done checked to see if were still available and now the price was over $ 230 and it still had a bad record of problems . . It was a really neat thing at it 's beginning and was very reaasonably priced . Now in today 's highly sophisicated electronic market is to me for what id does is VERY VASTLY OVERPRICED abd aneeds someone to take over it 's patent rights , bring it back out a little more dependaable bring the price way down to reality in competition with all of the other fancier and more complited things out there and will make a fortube on this
 Their return policy is terrible . They wanted a 40 % return charge on their product . When I e-mailed this company they did not reply until I got Amazon involved . I did not get satisfaction from Amazon or this company . I was told the value of the item had dropped after the holidays and not as popular therefore they could not sell it for more than $ 75.00 -LRB- I paid $ 150.00 -RRB- so how reputable is a company like this that takes advantage of customers going thru Amazon . I do n't know how Amazon allows such companies to use there customers . Do n't deal with these people , they are crooks .
 I ordered this item out of a catalog , as an alternative to a mundane Caller ID device , and because I collect unusual clocks . I found the Globe 's display very easy to see from acoss the room -LRB- about 10 feet -RRB- , and liked how the time of day alternated with a call count , and programmable message . All of those features work just as described in the product description . BUT , I ended up unplugging the thing , and packing it away , since the spinning display device within the blue plastic dome made a constant whirring noise that was too noticeable , and very annoying , in my opinion . I called the manufacturer 's info line , to see if this noise was normal , and was told that as the unit continued in operation , the noise should lessen ; however , after 2 weeks , I heard no improvement . It was n't , to me , a tolerable white noise , like from a fan , but rather like hearing an electric razor in use by someone down the hall . I guess if you intend to place it in a relatively noisy area , the sound would not be an issue.My only other -LRB- small -RRB- complaint was that the Globe did n't have call-waiting Caller ID capability . When I placed the order -LRB- by telephone -RRB- , the Customer Service Clerk advised me that it did have that feature -RRB- So , if ever a quiter version comes , out , especially with call-waiting Caller ID , I 'd be interested .
 I liked this concept so much , however the actually function was not as good as I expected . The machine uses a spinning electrode to display information . This make a fairly audible humming sound that bothered me.My biggest complaint is that the globe displays information all the time . I was hoping the unit would have a `` sleep mode '' , and would only display a incoming call , but it does n't . Thus if the unit is turned on , the unit displays date and time , or other messages 24-hrs a day . This was distracting , we sent the unit back for a refund .
 I saw this in the store and was excited by its geek appeal , so I had my girlfriend get this for me for my birthday . It has so much potential , but unfortunately it is wasted by the simple fact that it does not do its job well . I checked the other reviews on Amazon which mention many of the same problems , so I know it 's not just my unit . These things just were not programmed well , which makes it basically worthless since it does n't do its job . * Misses many incoming calls . * Gets confused and displays random question marks instead of useful info . * Randomly loses its settings -LRB- messages , auto-off time -RRB- . * Hard to program . * Constantly displays annoying `` Olympia InfoGlobe '' message instead of something more interesting . * Numbers never expire from the unit unless you manually display each one . * Poor interface requires excessive button pushing to display each number . * Makes a good bit of noise unless you sit it on a pillow . * When it does show a call , it often takes too long for the number to scroll into view.In short , find another way to get caller ID .
 The gadget is very cool , but it 's only drawback is a loud humming noise . Sounds like an airplane . It may work in a noisy environment , but not in a bedroom .
 After just a few days of hearing the constant hum of the Olympia Digital Caller ID , I wanted to rip it out of the wall . Nonetheless , I kept it going for two full months to see if I would get used to it . Nope . Every time I walked into the family room where we had installed it , my attention was drawn to it and the annoying noise it made . Today , I unplugged it at last , and I ca n't tell you how relieved I am . I only wish I had the courage to toss this device earlier.The globe looks cool in a Star Wars kind of way , although it 's fairly large for placing next to a phone , about 5 '' in diameter and 5 '' high . While the numbers are easy enough to read except in the glare of sunlight , the unit did not always register the caller ID numbers . The phone would ring , and I 'd look across the room . Nothing . When I went to the phone itself , the number would be displayed on the phone but not on this unit , so the loss of functionality had nothing to do with blocked numbers . Still , it did work on occasion , and for that , I give it two stars . The time and date display is nice if you do n't have other clocks in the room.I do n't recommend this product primarily because of the constant -- and I mean , CONSTANT -- noise .
 This product is unique and would be worth the money if it was of higher quality . Vibration in the GLobe increases over time -LRB- within days of installation -RRB- to the point where the noise is very distracting and intolerable . I would wait to purchase this item until this problem is addressed .
 I love the design and the functionality , caller id , clock , greetings , customizable messages , etc. . . however , the noise is way too loud . i 've exchanged it twice hoping the motor was defective , but it 's always the same ... noisy as hell !
 Flipped the light switch on & off & that was apparently enough to kill it . Now I see it is vastly over-priced . Go elsewhere .
 We purchased one originally on 11/14/05 , it started with the funky , jumbled , letters , numbers , signs , etc within 6-7 months . I took it back to the Discovery Channel store where they gladly replaced it . The new one lasted even less time , and given that they did n't issue me a refund/new receipt from the first return -LRB- my mistake for not insisting -RRB- I could only show the one initial purchase from 11/14/05 . They refused an exchange or refund even though I was within the one year warranty period . However , I did call the 866-537-0384 Wave Customer Service number upon arriving home and they mailed me a new one ! Did n't even ask for proof of purchase ! Even though the product is not well made , they have EXCELLENT customer service !!
 Though this is a great novelty item there were no instructions and it is quite loud . I have to unplug it every now and then just so not to be annoyed by the sound .
 The infoglobe catches your eye for sure on the outside . The problem is that it is noisy and is not the easiest thing to set up . I would not reccommend this product to anyone . It 's worth about $ 15.00 bucks in my opinion , definitely not $ 50.00 .
 Bought as gift - did n't realize there was no `` call-waiting '' ID and it takes too long to register new calls . Wish it was n't too late to return it !
 We liked the globe , and it worked very well for a few months after installation . Then it started to replace certain letters and numbers in the caller ID , so the number and names are n't spelled correctly any more.Also , despite that the box claims it has a 100-year calendar , it reads the wrong date . It even reads that it 's the year 2005 , not 2009 . We 've tried resetting the machine and changing the batteries , but this has n't helped at all.It 's a shame , really . We liked the design and the concept of the Infoglobe . It was useful for a limited time . Now it 's more of an expensive guessing game when someone calls .
 Someone else mentioned the problem we have with it -- it has to be on 24/7 , and it 's very , very bright to have in a bedroom at night . The date/clock function has to be running , or else the CID system does n't work . What would make this perfect is to have a `` sleep mode '' to turn off the clock and only have it wake up when there 's an incoming call.I bought this for my father for Christmas , because he has trouble seeing the small CID displays , but less than a week later he 's unplugged it because the display wo n't shut off . Too bad he already threw the box out , or I 'd return it .
 Works pretty much as advertised , until it suddenly died about six months after purchase . Programming requires a rather counter-intuitive series of button clicks . Noisy . Basically , it was a fun little toy that I would not have bothered reviewing had it not cost so much and worked so poorly .
 Pros
 Got this as a X-mas gift . It worked for about 3 months then died with an `` EPROM error '' . Look for something more durable .
 This thing is really neat . Easy to see from across the room and has a lot of nice features but do n't expect it to work for more than six months . I 've had two of them and they are both now useless . They do n't just stop dead , but quit displaying calls and come up with ridiculous dates and times .
 I purchased the 3000 Infoglobe Dec. 2004 . It worked great , and we were really enjoyed it ... but Oct 24 2005 , it stopped working . I have been trying to return the unit -LRB- still under warranty -RRB- , and keep getting a run around . Something about warehouse moving ????? Any way , it is 1-5-06 , and I am still getting the run around . If it breaks ... you might as well forget the warranty .
 This print pack MAY NOT BE COMPATIBLE with the PictureMate 200 series printers . If you have a PictureMate Pal , Snap , or Flash printer , you should order EITHER T5846 for 150 glossy prints OR the T5845-M for 100 matte prints.If the box does not specifically say that it is for PictureMate Series 200 printers -LRB- Pal , Snap , and Flash -RRB- such as the T5846 or T5845-M packs - DO N'T BUY IT ! You will end up with the wrong size cartridge . T5570 , T5570-M , and `` 270 '' cartridges are not compatible with the PictureMate 200 series.For 150 glossy prints , stick to T5846 , such as : * T5846 ASIN-B000IT4O0A * T5846 ASIN-B000KJBRK8 * T5846 ASIN-B000JMFVY4 * T5846 ASIN-B000MFJOZU * T5846 ASIN-B000L9MES6 * T5846 ASIN-B000NZRJFQFor 100 matte prints , stick to T5845-M , such as : * T5845-M ASIN-B000IT4O0U * T5845-M ASIN-B000LDRJS2 * T5845-M ASIN-B000JMHV38 * T5845-M ASIN-B000OCMVLUThe low rating is n't so much a reflection on the product as it is on the product 's packaging . The manufacturer , Epson , knows that it has more than one type of Picturemate system on the market and that the cartridges are not compatible across all Picturemate models - yet the packaging does not state anywhere with which models the print pack is or is n't compatible . This oversight could be easily fixed by adding information to the packaging .
 This print pack MAY NOT BE COMPATIBLE with the PictureMate 200 series printers . If you have a PictureMate Pal , Snap , or Flash printer , you should order EITHER T5846 for 150 glossy prints OR the T5845-M for 100 matte prints.If the box does not specifically say that it is for PictureMate Series 200 printers -LRB- Pal , Snap , and Flash -RRB- such as the T5846 or T5845-M packs - DO N'T BUY IT ! You will end up with the wrong size cartridge . T5570 , T5570-M , and `` 270 '' cartridges are not compatible with the PictureMate 200 series.For 150 glossy prints , stick to T5846 , such as : * T5846 ASIN-B000IT4O0A * T5846 ASIN-B000KJBRK8 * T5846 ASIN-B000JMFVY4 * T5846 ASIN-B000MFJOZU * T5846 ASIN-B000L9MES6 * T5846 ASIN-B000NZRJFQFor 100 matte prints , stick to T5845-M , such as : * T5845-M ASIN-B000IT4O0U * T5845-M ASIN-B000LDRJS2 * T5845-M ASIN-B000JMHV38 * T5845-M ASIN-B000OCMVLUThe low rating is n't so much a reflection on the product as it is on the product 's packaging . The manufacturer , Epson , knows that it has more than one type of Picturemate system on the market and that the cartridges are not compatible across all Picturemate models - yet the packaging does not state anywhere with which models the print pack is or is n't compatible . This oversight could be easily fixed by adding information to the packaging .
 The problem was not with the product itself , but with the seller . I love the product , as I have used one in the past , that 's why I ordered another one . The seller however sent me a used product even though I paid full price for a brand new label maker . What I received was a beat up old box with used merchandise inside ... not good -LRB- disappointed customer -RRB- . The item was returned for credit after several calls and coorespondence to Amazon and the seller .
 Piece of junk for me . It jams or does n't print more often than it works . Sounded like a great label maker and wish I would of got one that `` works '' for other reviewers . Wasted tons of tape to just print out 1 or 2 labels at a time .
 The tape-wasting of all Brother label-makers is unforgivable . I 'm not buying the ` label-curling ' excuse from Brother , either . Yeah , there are work-arounds like the ` chain ' setting , but why should it be necessary to do that?It 's really a shame because the Brother label-makers are otherwise nice products with features that easily beat their main competitor -LRB- Dymo -RRB- . But it 's a big ` thumbs-down ' for me because of the way Brother has designed in big , 1 '' lead and trail margins specifically designed to waste tape for no other reason than to make the consumer buy more of their expensive tapes .
 Excellent Printer TERRIBLE Software.The included editing software is barely usable . You can not cut and paste text from another application into your labels.Text will usually printout lower than what a shown in the editor . A job that looks perfect on your display using ` print preview ' will look different when actually printed . Be prepared for lots of wasted tape.I have the latest software from brother -LRB- 3.2 c -RRB- , which only shows compatibility with older , obsolete operating systems.If you want to use the printer ` stand-alone ' you will probably be happy . The included editing software reminds me of Mac OS 6 or Windows 3.1
 Would not work on a Mac . Use it as a regular labeling machine , which costs a fraction of this price .
 Purchased one in Feb , 2002 - since that time it has gone to 2 repair centers , in the last 7 weeks I have had 4 replacement `` refurbished '' copiers . None has been able to do more than ONE copy at a time . So much for their `` 30 page automatic feed '' . Canon will do nothing more than continue to send out another turkey with the same problem . With 9 months still left on the warranty , I am buying a Brother copier . No more Canon products for me !
 I like the look of this product and it seems like it will work well -LRB- I just got it -RRB- , but I think I should have been warned that instead of being the clear dispenser that you see in the picture , there is an annoying Kantek logo in black on one side , which sort of ruins the whole modern , clear aesthetic . I tried scratching it off , but it does not seem like that will happen . Bummer !
 The product that is sometimes shown in the picture is not what you get . This is not the same product it used to be , though the product number is the same . It used to have the letters , on 1/3 cut tabs down both sides . Now the product comes with the letters staggered down the entire file . I had to return mine because they showed the old picture when I ordered . It is disappointing that they changed this product . Our builders preferred the old folders to these new ones .
 I bought envelopes on this advertised heading from &#34; ValueMailers &#34; -LRB- SELLER -RRB- . They have a greasy-like substance that will not allow a mailing label to stick . Therefore I have 1000 mailers that require scotch tape to hold on the 3 labels I use when I send out my orders to my customer . I contacted the seller and they refused to pay return shipping and told me to tape on the labels like they do -- so , their product is inferior .
 I ordered this to use as a portfolio for my photography . But when it arrived it looked so cheap that I would be embarrassed to present work from it . So I guess it 's an okay product , as long as you are n't looking to make something look professional .
 Instructions for handset is to turn a tab around and re-insert tomake a hook to hang handset on . 6 times part fell inside the phone.After three hours I returned product ... and went with another brand.Very disappointing . poorly designed phone .
 I 've been through three of these phones in six months . The tab that holds the phone on the hook is cheap and thin and breaks easily . Do n't buy this phone .
 I received my lapdesk with a broken light that I had to repair with a soldering iron . The overall quality seems quite poor - it 's basically a sheet of -LRB- poorly milled -RRB- PVC laid on top of a cushion . I regret having purchased this item . Save your money and find a better product to do the job .
 I received the `` Tranquility Zone Lapdesk '' the other day . I inserted brand new batteries into the very difficult to reach compartment . The zipper to the compartment kept sticking , the battery compartment was warped , and it took several tries to insert the batteries . I then put my brand new 15 '' Sony Vio on the lapdesk , put it in my lap , and turned the switch to the light on - nothing . I took the battery compartment out again and made sure the batteries were in correctly -LRB- they were -RRB- and even spun them around a little . Finally , the light came on but it was VERY dim yellow ; then the light went out , then on again , and then out . That was not the only problem with this product . My laptop -LRB- having rubber feet -RRB- kept sliding on it . Granted , it was on a slight incline -LRB- I was sitting on the couch -RRB- . The `` Tranquility Zone Lapdesk '' is also heavier than my very large lacquered wood lapdesk -LRB- even without the 4 C batteries -RRB- , which I was trying to avoid.THEN -- I left the lapdesk on my leather ottoman overnight and came in the next morning to find that battery acid and black goo had leaked out and run down my ottoman -- ruined it ! This lapdesk is not only cheap it is dangerous ! I do not understand why this thing got so many positive reviews .
 Really disappointed with this desk . This one has uneven lighting and a distracting pattern accross the illuminated object .
 i need someone to help me find the replacement bulb for the lap desk - it is shattered so i dont even know what number to go look for anywhere .
 There were parts in the battery pack missing , so the light did not work . I chose not to have it replaced , and returned it for a refund . It was to small for my big laptop and to big for the netbook .
 The 4C batteries last less then one hour ! I have tried different brands of batteries with the same result .
 I 've had this desk for less then a year and already the light is broken . If you move the light too much is gets loose and stops working . Also , the light limits the space you can use on the desk . The lip at the front end makes it almost impossible to write on the desk . Overall , the desk is really limited and not worth the money .
 This is a BIG lap desk ! If you need a lot of space , get this one . However , it is a little too much desk for my 15 '' laptop . Also , I never needed to use the light , so it gets in the way . Not to mention it makes my lap warm because the soft under cushion absorbs my natural body heat . A lap desk should keep a computer stable and cool , but it should also keep you from overheating too . Sadly , not recommended . : - -LRB-
 . . I suppose its the reason the desk was priced at $ 29.99 when I bought it.After taking the desk out of the box my wife immediately pointed out bubblingin the material used to cover the desk . It looks like that within a week thematerial would begin to chip away leaving unsightly scars . I wish the lightwas paced a little better as well . The base of the light stem was partiallyexposed too like it was bent too far during packaging . I ended up returningthe desk but received half of the cost of the desk after shipping . IfI had to do it again I might go with a lap-desk made of wood and just buy aclip on light.Another thing , the handle is neat but if you carry it around like that it seemedlike there was potential to walk the light into a door jam . The light kinda bentdown but it was n't really secured close to the desk .
 I have a small netbook and the pad would be better for a bigger laptop . I guess the name Lapdesk is appropriate .
 We returned this lapdesk . The plastic felt cheap and the pillow on the underside was a light color and would surely get dirty and discolor ... with no way to detach and clean it ... we decided to just send it back .
 My daughter received this item , and was very happy with it until we tried to turn on the light . The light did not work . Since the item was a gift we did not have the receipt . After replacing the light bulb -LRB- which was broken -RRB- the light still did not work . After taking the desk apart , and playing with the electronics -LRB- wrench , exacto knife , ohm-meter -RRB- I determined that one lead was soldered to the wooden board -LRB- about 1/4th of an inch from the switch contact -RRB- . I concluded that the desk could not have ever worked -LRB- since wood does not conduct electricity -RRB- . So only buy this product if you want a desk from a company that does n't check to see if the product works .
 Do n't buy this item unless you own stock in a Battery Manufacturer because it eats batteries and expensive ones at that . The light output , even with fresh batteries is sub-standard . Particularly in light of the fact that you are using 4 C Batteries . In the two weeks subsequent to receipt of this item , I 've put 16 new Akaline -LRB- Copper Top -RRB- batteries in the device after using it only 2 hrs every third day . This company -LRB- SPI -RRB- also sells another model that uses 4 AA bateries and has a LED light that is bright and soothing on the eyes . I also purchased this model and It 's been over a month since purchase with only one set of batteries . Go figure.Buyer beware !
 You 'd expect a brighter light given that it needs 4 C cell batteries . I hate how its a single tiny bulb and the way that the light is dispersed is very uneven . The padding is too stiff to be comfortable . Since I already bought it , I will continue to use it , but if I had a choice I 'd keep shopping around .
 Not as usfull as I thought it would be . Light is not very bright and with a 17 in wide monitor the goose neck becomes a problem . Also not very comfortable when on lap .
 Requires for C batteries . I expected LED but got a quirky little bulb that generates a surprising amount of heat but very little usable light . Otherwise , I found it a usable tool .
 I purchased this pencil holder because it offered a thermometer and in the photo it looked sturdy . When I received it I noticed it was all painted plastic . I took good care of this and all of a sudden after 3 months the buttons ceased to work and I could not set the time anymore.When I went to check what was going on , I noticed the batteries leaked and somehow damaged the device . When I inserted the batteries again -LRB- correct polarity -RRB- all digits on the screen went on and the device finally died . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 About the '' Victor PH-500 Pencil Holder with LCD Display , Condition
 I bought this despite the bad reviews because it was exactly what I needed . I thought I 'd take my chances . Right out of the box , I noticed what appeared to be a smudge in the lower corner of the display which , upon closer inspection , turned out to be a portion of the `` liquid '' from the LED display pooled in the corner . It disappeared when I set the clock and placed it on my desk . A few minutes later I noticed that the date and time had reset to the factory original -LRB- 1/1/1999 12:00 -RRB- . So I set it again , placed it on my desk and proceeded to place my markers in the cup holder . After a few minutes the info for the date , time and temperature disappeared , leaving only the headings on the display -LRB- MONTH , DATE , DAY -RRB- and the thermometer icon . I tried everything -- pushing all of the buttons , taking the battery out , replacing the battery -- NOTHING ! I 'm too aggravated to return it and will just add it to the list of things I had to learn the hard .
 The LCD display particially works ! So , now I have a product that does n't display the date . Total waste of money , very disappointed that companies have products that do not work as advertised .
 I also had problems with the battery . The shipping was very fast - i received my item the day after I ordered but it does n't work . I did n't have any problems with the seller - it is the actual item that gave this review a 1 star . The calculator/clock/timer does n't work because I ca n't get the battery to slide into place . It just sticks out . I could probably tape it in but for $ 20 , I would like to have a product that works.I just ordered another one . I hope it is better quality .
 Not sure why this item is advertised as $ 93 plus ... then to suggest is only $ 13 with 80 % or so savings . This is wrong . The item retails for less than $ 5 . I assumed it was a case of the notebooks , not one individual item . very dissapointing .
 I bought two of these note pads in January 2012 at $ 3.58 each . Now they are $ 10.74 with a `` list price '' of $ 93 . Very odd . Hopefully this is just a data entry glitch . Needless to say I will look elsewhere .
 If you 're looking for CD/DVD labels that are comparable to Neato or Fellowes in quality look elsewhere . These labels are n't even close ! I saw this item and was impressed by the reviews - only to find out later -LRB- after I 'd made the mistake of buying these lesser quality labels -RRB- that the reviews below this item were for different labels ! BUYER BEWARE ! If your looking for good quality labels and do n't want to get poor quality labels for nearly the same price as you would pay for high quality Neato or Fellowes Labels you need to avoid this item . I paid the price to learn the lesson and would like to save you the trouble . If you want good quality at a fair price do n't buy these labels . Bottom line
 This dries out vey quickly and I hardly got any use out of the whole box . I had to run to the store and get some to finish the project I was on .
 This phone is only a good buy if you do n't want to hear the person you are talking to . The reception is so bad and there is such an echo that you can only hear half of what the other person is saying , and this is only made worse when there is any ambient noise whatsoever . I would greatly suggest spending a little extra and buying a better phone .
 The original velcro that keeps the taneau cover on my truck wore out . It would not stick anymore . It was about 8 years old.I replaced it with the 2 in x 15 foot industrial strength Velcro.It worked for a couple years but then peeled off . The gum off the back of the velcro stayed on my truck railing . It was a pain to get the gum off my metal side railing . I took a couple hours with a razor blade scraper and some Goof-off . I need to find a better quality velcro . The gum sticks real good but does not stick to the back of the velcro very well .
 Compared to the 3/4 '' the 2 '' Velcro is really disappointing.First , unlike the 3/4 '' the backing material is lacking that extra width that allows easy separation , you have to resort to a razor blade to separate this stuff -- it 's maddening ! Second , the stickiness is n't even close to the 3/4 '' . I 'll stick with the 3/4 '' Velcro ! -LRB- sorry -RRB-
 I needed something to secure some solar screens over vinyl windows . I installed this to the vinyl window and the metal frames , worked great in the morning when I did it . By the end of the day my screens were on the ground , The glue did not hold at all . Yes it was the industrial Velcro . I did not want to drill holes in my vinyl window frames . I have no choice now . Do not use in Florida Sun .
 I got this velcro because my couch cushions move around a lot . I thought I would attach one side to the couch base , the other side to the cushion , affix the velcro , and I 'd be set . Well , the velcro sticks to itself very well . It just does n't stick to the polyester fabric of my couch at all . Very frustrating . Of course it does say on the box in rather small print -LRB- although I could not find this mentioned anywhere in the description of the product -RRB- that it does n't work on fabric . This is correct . It does n't .
 Is &#34; industrial &#34; code for &#34; wo n't even stick to itself &#34; ? I could n't believe when I opened the package how ridiculously useless this product was . I bought it for attaching guitar pedals to a pedal board , and I would n't trust this to even stick to itself , let alone hold anything of minimal weight.Seriously disappointed in the marketing scam this product is . I wanted something to replace the cheap velcro my pedal train board came with , and this stuff makes the pedaltrain velcro look amazing -LRB- and that stuff is pretty bad -RRB- I would give this negative stars if I could
 So difficult to separate the velcro itself but the adhesive falls off with no effort during below freezing temps despite adhering it to a clean surface .
 I am giving this one star for winter use . One day of -10 New England weather had this dropping like flies on the inside of an automobile . I will test it again in the spring and re-review the product again , hopefully with more favorable results .
 I bought this with the intention to use it to hold a shop `` curtain '' to one wall . This crap will not even stick to the wall . Absolutely useless . Do NOT waste your money on this junk !
 Do n't get me wrong -- this is a great product ; however , $ 27.97 for shipping from Amazom or $ 7.95 shipping from Office Depot . Whatsup with that ? Is Amazon tacking on a $ 20 handling fee ? I ordered directly from Office Depot and now it makes me wonder how many of my other purchases from Amazon were the same .
 I guess all my shredding needs were a little too much for this small shredder . The blade motor burned out quick and it takes less then 6 sheets to block it up . Only used it for a few weeks til it had to be trashed . Bought a heavy duty office shredder instead .
 Initially the machine performed satisfactorily . However , the claim that 15 pages can be punched at once is optimal -LRB- assuming use of 20 lb paper -RRB- . Alignment is key , and if the sheets have even a slight curl or crease , it will be a task to properly load the maximum number of sheets for punching , and you may end up mis-punching the pages . Once the paper sheaf was aligned , though , the electric punch mechanism worked effortlessly . I usually ended up punching between 8 and 10 pages at a time to avoid difficulty.The comb binding mechanism , however , was another story . Over the course of about 8 months of light duty use , the mechanism became increasingly stiff , and finally refused to fully open a 7/8 '' comb -LRB- although the unit is rated to open larger diameter combs -RRB- . Applying too much pressure , the mechanism jammed and I actually broke off the plastic 4 '' handle . Since the unit was within the 1 year warranty period , I obtained a replacement unit from the manufacturer with little problem . However , when I unpacked the replacement unit , the comb binding mechanism was already malfunctioning - it would not fully close ! The manufacturer again replaced the replacement unit , which I received earlier this week , and so far , the comb binding mechanism seems to operate smoothly . I have no faith that it will continue to do so , however . Also , the adjustment button for punch depth to edge of page is almost impossible to slide , which was not the case with the two previous units.All in all , I do n't feel that the manufacturing quality of the PB250E is consistent , and the comb binding mechanism can be subject to eventual failure . The comb mechanism handle should be longer for better leverage , and should be metal , not plastic .
 Still have n't received this product !!!!!!!! I was supposed to receive it on August 18 , 2009 at the latest . I sent two emails to the seller and I got NO reply whatsoever.I would never buy from this seller again !!!! Now I have to go through the hassle of putting in a complaint with Amazon to get this resolved ! Do n't trust this seller you wo n't be happy with the service or product if you ever get it at all but they do take your money right away you 'll have no problem with that !!
 HP has degraded the quality of its once-excellent paper products to a deplorable degree . Their printable glossy greeting cards used to be about the thickness of commercial greeting cards ; now they 're barely thicker than plain paper . I wo n't be buying these again . If it does n't bug you to give people really thin cards , these may be fine for you . But HP , please consider that some people would be willing to pay a little more not to have their efforts look cheap and amateurish .
 It stopped working . It si supposed to be a higher end shredder but choked and died
 I 've been using HP 's Glossy Inkjet Brochure Paper -LRB- C6817A -RRB- for several years , and up until my most recent order , it 's been terrific . Good color rendition , fast drying time , great hand . Unfortunately , though they kept the name and the product ID number , they changed everything else about the product . It does n't take ink well -LRB- everything looks pale and washed-out , even rich black -RRB- , and the hand is horrible . It actually squeaks . Did n't care about drying time , since the pages went straight from the printer to the recycle bin , and the box went straight back to Amazon . The former version of the product was the only decent 2-sided glossy inkjet I 'd ever found . Now there are none .
 I had also been using the old product for years to make flyers for my business . It was amazing paper . This new , updated version -LRB- also applies to the tri-fold paper -RRB- is terrible . The color is dull and washed-out . Plain paper looks tons better . Do n't buy this product , complain to HP to get them to put the old paper back !
 This paper is 180gm and is yellow colored with brightness probably 60and is semi-gloss on both sides.This is not the quality of paper you will expectfrom a respectable company like HP ! Buying this is a waste of money !
 One review commented read the dates on the reviews !! Anything before 2009 is n't the same product . HP , I guess decided to change the product ... probably pinching some pennies ?! Anyway this paper does n't hold the color on any of our inkjet or laser printers . We have Brother , Epson , and Canon laser and inkjet printers and the prints on this paper look horrible . Vibrant just out of the printers but then fades so badly you could n't and would n't present this to clients . The paper is truly a bad product . We print our own DVD slim case covers for clients and the product is simply unacceptable . We have bought so much of this stuff and ca n't use it . I know others are printing 2 sided glossy !!! What are they using and where do they get it ????
 I too have been using the older version of this paper for years . It was by far the best two-sided brochure paper I have used . The new box I purchased is called `` improved '' and has a different design on the cover ; they should just say `` changed '' because it has by no means been improved ! The paper has a slight yellow tinge and photos printed on it look muddy and often washed-out . The colors are not true . The previous version of this paper gave sparkling bright and sharp results . This is a major disappointment . I am printing on an HP Photosmart C7280 printer.I returned the paper to the store and got my money back . I will definitely not purchase this product again . I was curious as to why those people who rated it highly liked it so much . When I read through their reviews , I saw that they were all written several years ago ; they were rating the old product which was exceptionally good , not this new `` improved '' version.Does anyone have a recommendation for a decent alternative to this product ?
 This looked like the perfect solution for a double-sided paper , but it does n't work at all with my Epson Photo 1200 on any setting -LRB- and I 've tried them all -RRB- . The ink does n't dry fast enough , and any dark parts of the photo turn out completely blotchy when it finally does dry . I 've kept it around for a few years , and keep trying it on different projects , but have never found one I can make it work with . It 's going in the trash .
 Printing quality on my Cannon S520 is horrible , the ink does n't seem to dry on this paper fast enough , resulting in ugly blotchy prints . All other photo paper I 've used printed perfectly but this paper just plain sucked .
 We 've been using this HP brochure paper for a couple of months now with our HP Photosmart D7360 . We use HP photo paper to print our DVD cases and this two-sided brochure paper to make the booklets . While it has been serviceable to this point , I have never been comfortable in the quality of this paper for our needs .1 - The paper has a yellowish color to it . Holding it up to a standard sheet of printer paper will easily show the difference . To take it a step further , I happened to find a box of old HP brochure matte paper in the closet and the difference was astounding between the old matte paper was a bright white versus the dull yellow look of this glossy paper .2 - The surface is like a semi-gloss . It feels smooth to the touch and dull -LRB- so it does n't reflect light as much as say photo paper which is a plus -RRB- . The worst is the squeaking noise from pages of this paper rubbing against each other . Since we take two or three pages of this brochure paper and fold , staple and cut them to make our booklets , bending the finished booklets in the slightest produces this squeaking sound and I 'm fed up with it . I 'd liken it to the category of slidig your fingernails down a chalkboard .3 - The paper ca n't seem to handle colors as well as I would like . Blacks , for example , look faded and even a little blue from what I could tell . Comparing swatches of 100k black and rich black printed on both this paper and a sheet of HP glossy photo paper showed an extreme difference . Now I obviously would n't expect the brochure paper to come close to the photo paper , but it does illustrate that colors on the brochure paper miss the mark . This is made worse by the fact that we use a lot of black in out design and I 'm tired of seeing our booklets with black looking the way it does.Finally being fed up , I recently set out to an office supply store -LRB- probably ca n't say the name so I wont -RRB- to see if I can find anything else . Luckily , I happened to find a store branded pack of brochure paper and I was immediatley happy with the results . This new paper is whiter , has a glossy surface -LRB- though it reflects more light making a brighter glare if reading under a light fixture -RRB- and is much smoother , it does n't squeak unless I really pinch the pages together and most importantly the colors look better . Again , neither brand of brochure paper holds a candle to the quality of colors on the photo paper , but I was so happy to see the black areas of our art looking closer to how they should look on this non-hp paper.In conclusion , it 's a shame to read other reviews and see how HP changed this paper for the worst . If you can find other brochure paper , give it a shot because I can not recommend this paper
 This paper was absolutely horrible for me . I have a Cannon i960 printer and I tried printing on all settings , the ink just sits on top of the paper and wo n't soak in . When it finally dries the photos are grainy with dark blotches . I used to use double sided Kodak paper and it work beautifully , but I ca n't find it any more .
 This paper is perfect for us - 2 sided HP inkjet . -LSB- austinstudios.com -RSB- I hope our next order does n't have the crimp lines lines that the first had -- poor handling , or cheap shipping , I do n't know . Uncreased , this is great paper . Hoping Pacific can improve final quality .
 these tapes do not stick as good as I would have preferred ... I would use them only for very light duty sticking purposes !
 This tape is a worthless product.The adhesion properties are poor and if it was ` nt such a hassle , I would have returned this garbage for a refund .
 This is perhaps the worst phone I have ever owned . The sound quality is so poor the phone is useless except to notify me I am receiving a call .
 I 've gone through two of these in a little over a year.The first one was replaced under warranty but thesecond one broke the same way within 6 months . -LRB- handsets work but the base unit wo n't connect to phone line -RRB- Having a cordless extension phone is very handy and itworked well for a while but now it 's off to the landfill .
 I bought this answering machine today at Walmart . I did n't like it the second I plugged it in .1 . Set up is annoying , for example to set up the time you must listen to a recording say `` 1 am , 2 am , 3 am , 4 am ... '' , same for the minutes , etc. . You must go through this tedious process each time the power goes out .2 . I recorded my outgoing memo , and it sounded horrible . Sounded like I was talking into a tin can .3 . I set the recording time for three minutes , I called myself to leave the `` test message , '' the message I left was under 45 seconds , and it seemed like the answering machine got the whole message . When I previewed the message , the machine cut off after 10 seconds ! 4 . The 10 seconds the machine actually recorded , had horrible sound quality . Very tinny sounding.I noticed on the reviews for the AT&T ; answering machine , many people complained about sound quality , a reviewer said the reason for the sound quality issues was they were not using a DSL filter , I assure you I am using a DSL filter and this is not the issue . This GE answering machine is simply a terrible product.I got this machine for $ 15 , and was n't expecting anything amazing , but this is really horrible quality . GE should be embarrassed to be selling this product . Do not buy this product , if you do I assure you , you too will be returning it .
 Do n't buy this item . It 's a waste of money . Unless your friend speaks loud , this answering machine can not recognize his/her voice . As a result , as opposed to his/her claim that s/he did leave a message with it , you only find it saying `` there 's no new message left . '' GE should recall this item . It 's a total crap .
 This is totally not an acceptable product . It would cut the incoming phone call during recording , no recording , and many `` funny '' functions that not list on the manual . This is not a good and reliable product , just waste money , and I got them all return . I believed that it has design problem and should be re-called . Never buy any GE answering machines , use it as your own risk .
 This was a fine cheap answering machine for about two years . Then anytime we used the phone attached to it , we 'd get horrible static on the line , and only playing with the wire connecting it to the answering machine would help , although sometimes it would just disconnect the call . It does seem to miss calls on occasion . It was n't the worst one I 've had , but we got this one really cheap , and you get what you pay for on this one .
 This thing worked for about 2 years then all of a sudden just started dropping messages randomly for no reason ; lucky I started testing it with my cell phone . I 'm not buying any GE answering machines ; nor shopping at Fry 's -LRB- I 've got 2 defective products there , this and a Panasonic DVD player , both of which were on sale -RRB- I think Fry 's puts the crummy products on sale to unload them quickly .
 I have the same problem other reviewers mentioned ... almost EVERYONE who leaves a message gets cut off halfway through . The worst part is that the caller has no idea they have been cut off ... I just get half the message and the caller thinks I 'm an idiot . Great.Not sure what the one reviewer meant about customizing the message ... you can do it , it is n't very intuitive but it can be done . That being said , who cares if the message is customized since the machine is just going to record half of the caller 's message anyway .
 Our AT&T 1718 started to have sound drop out issues after 5 years of use . I did some research and did not find any available machines on the market that were rated much better than average . In the meantime , my better half decided that we needed to get a new machine right away and she purchased this GE 29875 from W-mart for 15 bucks . Hooked it up and tried it out . This thing would only record a message when it felt like it and when it did record the message the volume dropped in and out so bad that you were lucky to catch every third word . Needless to say we returned it for a refund . I decided to dig up my 25 year old Panasonic cassette phone recorder from the basement and it still works fine , although clumsier to use . So much for product advancement ! Do n't buy that piece of junk from GE .
 Looking for another machine , this machine is NOT worth it at all . When the machine picked up a call , I tried to stop machine to talk to person , it WILL NOT let you , like others said , it cuts call off also . When trying to set up , it repeats announces a comment about a call , but it turns the comment around ! Some of it 's announcing says the phrase backwards also . Do n't waste trying this product . If you bought it , call Amazon for label to return if you decide.I DO RECOMMEND THE AT&T ; 1720 single-line digital , now that 's a great machine , gives you the date & time call came in , never had trouble with the quality sound . Will look for it , it 's stored due to my move where I 'm at & forgot about it . But check on the ratings after the positive ratings , the 2nd rating , rep told me it 's how many people have bought from seller . I had it for over 10 years . One seller sells it ` refurbished ' , $ 69.9 + , the 1st one is ` used ' , $ 37.9 + , but how used or how long has person owned it , be careful , you may think the used one is cheaper , remember the saying , u get what u paid for . Wonder why they want to get rid of a good machine , that 's beyond me . The $ 69 , must be better deal , looks like it 's a company . I have called , depending what I get , check with person who answers , but still will go thru Amazon . If you go directly thru the seller , you may not get your $ back if some problem , but was told Amazon will make sure .
 I also have the problem that other users mentioned . I bought the machine at Wal Mart and have set it up so many times , I 'd like to toss it out the window . I have had several messages cut off in mid stream . After checking the instructions , I found that the maximum recording time is 60 seconds and there is no way to increase that time . I have also called home & left messages for myself only to find that they never recorded because I hit the maximum time before disconnecting .
 I bought this machine for my 84yr old Grandfather who has difficulties with seeing and hearing . I tried to find a machine that had all the important controls centralized , which this one did . My Grandfater cant tell the difference between the number 0 or 3 on the machine . So most of the time he thinks he does not have messeages.When he deletes a messeage he ends up turning the machine off because the earase and ON/OFF are the same button . But i cant get that through his 84yr old mind.If this machine was used for a family without elders it would be fantastic . But this is diffiently not one for the elders .
 Bought this at Walmart for my mother . It works , however the functional design is poor because the on/off button is a multifunction push button that does other things too besides turn the machine on/off , meaning someone might turn the machine off by accident and not know it because it is STILL LIT UP , giving the appearance that it is on when in fact if is off . So they think it 's on , but nobody can leave a message b/c it 's actually turned off .
 I had this machine for several years and it worked fine . Then I moved into a new house and it started cutting callers off midstream , as well as cutting messages off mid playback . I figured the machine had gone haywire so I pitched it and bought a new model of the same one . Now I 'm having the same problem again immediately . Perhaps it 's something with the phone wire , not sure , but I 'm definately not happy with the machine .
 Bought this ... very easy to set up . . thought good deal.It worked one week.The other messages stopped playing and died after the person said , `` Hello this is . . '' Frustrated the callers ! So I purchased another one . It at least works , but if someone is not speaking clearly , it may not have good playback quality . Also , you may hear other parties if your phone -LRB- landline -RRB- is plugged into the unit and you make a call . . it is n't your phone . . it is the unti . But for the price , and for needing a cheap answering machine , it works .
 This is a complete and utter waste of money . It wo n't even work !!!!!! I have reset it over and over and it cuts off my outgoing message and wo n't even record a message at all from anyone who calls . It simply does not work , A PIECE OF JUNK , NEED I SAY MORE !!!
 I bought this answering machine from Walmart and threw out the box soon thereafter . This was a big mistake ! This machine is unreliable.Despite the fact the unit is hooked up to a surge protector , every time there is a power glitch such as momentary power dropout or outage the unit freezes up in an inoperable condition with the display reading `` 8 '' . I have to leave the unit unplugged for a day before it will work again.This unit also has no option of muting the announcement message . I do n't like listening to my announcement for every telemarketer hangup call I recieve.Skip this machine and purchase an AT&T ; unit instead .
 So my trusty GE messaging machine bought 8 years ago got fried in a thunderstorm electrical outage . I 'm thinking , `` No problem , I 'll just buy a new one . '' This was the replacement . Pretty bad . No battery back up like the old one if the electricity goes off . But the worst part is that it often simply stops recording the caller 's message after about 40 seconds . This does n't seem to be about volume , - the message was spoken at a good volume . If someone talks LOUDLY into the phone it will record without shutting off . At normal speaking volume it records for a while and then just stops . If someone speaks more softly , or has a bad connection , it will just cut off immediately . So I suggest you leave an outgoing message to say to your callers to talk LOUDLY so that you can get their message.Why ca n't they make a functional answering machine like you used to be able to buy for the last 20 years ? I searched a lot for something and saw a ton of negative reviews for pretty much everything out there . I decided on this one . At least I 'll -LRB- usually -RRB- get at least the first 40 seconds of a message . Here in this technological age , why ca n't somebody make a simple answering machine that actually works well ?
 After only four months of light use , this device failed . It cuts off the incoming message after only a few seconds .
 I think I purchased this machine less than a year ago , mostly because of the GE Brand , which has meant quality to me and my family for generations . It was fairly easy to use , but a pain to re-set the date/time stamp all the time as I live in a rural area where it 's not unusual to lose power . The biggest problems I had were a -RRB- poor recording quality -- Messages were very difficult to understand , and B -RRB- messages are regularly cut off during recording if the person speaking was n't talking VERY LOUDLY . I 'm talking dropped calls when people were speaking in a normal tone of voice . I buy products to last , and to do their job well . I 'm unimpressed with this one and will be avoiding GE in the future .
 This machine cuts people off at random . It does n't matter that I 've set the message length to 4 minutes , if the caller speaks loudly or if the caller does n't take any pauses . The machine randomly cuts off about 1 in 5 callers !
 I 've had this machine for around a year . It seemed to work OK at first , but lately it has been cutting off the incoming messages long before the maximum message length . Seems like if the person who is calling you speaks softly , it will cut them off .
 I 'm almost done with a pack of these and they definitely need taping to keep them secured to a box . Other than that , they separate fine and do not jam my laser printer .
 These labels are nice quality and print very well from my ink jet printer . HOWEVER , they do n't adhere securely to the free Priority Mail Envelopes that are made of Tyvek . They just peel right off . I actually lost a package and believe it was because the label did not stick well . I will have to use tape on the label if I do n't want it to peel off . The defeats the purpose of buying these , might as well use plain paper and save the $ .
 I purchased these labels so I would no longer need to use shipping tape to adhere labels printed on regular paper . Unfortunately , I 've found that it is very easy to lift the corner and peel the label off of the surface of the package or envelope . I 've used these labels on cardboard boxes , paper envelopes and plastic envelopes - the label does not stick well to any of these surfaces . Often , by the time I get to the post office , the corners of the label are already lifting all on their own . Consequently , I am still putting tape over the label to insure it does not fall off on its way trough the postal system , completely defeating the point of using an adhesive label in the first place , especially one that costs more than the plain piece of paper .
 The first small links connecting the key rings to the body of the key chain broke within a couple of days of purchase . So , I just linked the body directly to the key rings without using the link . That took care of that problem.The button that you push to release the valet portion of the key can weaken over time and needs to be bent to reinforce it 's `` grip . '' Otherwise , your valet key -LRB- in my case , the key to my wife 's car which she asks for when she loses her own -RRB- will slide off over time.So this key chain does the job , but it is a poorly constructed and needs some fiddling with to overcome its flaws . I would not have expected this given its price .
 I agree that it makes your voice sound awful when you record a message -LRB- adds alot of bass and lowers pitch -RRB- but not only that mine broke within a week . Its stuck on 8 messages and pressing any button failed , unplugging it failed . They only offered me to mail it back to them and pay my own shipping for them to look at it .
 This is surely one of the worst buy I have made in recent years . The sound is not great and , above all , it keeps cutting people before they finish their message , sometimes without even recording it ! This is not clever if you want to keep your friends around ! It is now in the trash can ...
 The machine records the messages , and was easy to program the message and time , however , what it did record was illegible . I could not understand any of the messages it recorded , even at full volume I had to listen to each message three or four times to understand who had called , their message , and their numbers .
 This machine was easy to set up and worked fine -- for about two days . Then it just plain quit . On the caller 's end , it seemed to be working fine ; it beeped , they left a message . But no message was actually recorded . I checked all the wires and buttons . Everything seemed fine . To test it , I tried leaving a message for myself from work . Nothing . Do n't get this machine even if offered to you for free , which , thank goodness , was how I got it .
 I bought one of these from the local hardware store . When I tested it with a short message it seemed ok . But when I played back a message someone left on it , I heard one word , then silence , then another word , then silence , then the message was over . I returned the answering machine for a refund .
 The price is attractive but I had to put caller ID in this week so I could tell what phone number they were leaving . It records sound but they are not words I understand .
 We have this machine and I would never recommend it to anyone . There is NO battery backup . Everytime the electricity so much as flickers , the time and date settings are erased and you have to reset the whole machine . Keep shopping . There 's got to be a better choice out there !
 The on-line document claims 2-8 rings . I bought for my 91 year old grandmother , as she needs 8 rings . The actual product only allows 2-5 rings or tollsaver .
 Two different machines were sent to me , in hopes that one would work . Both were duds . Messages cut out after about a minute . volume was up and then down - hard to hear . A definite NO.NO.NO.Company did work with me , though .
 I have one of these machines and could n't be more displeased . The messages left vary in volume and usually cut off long before the message is finished even with message length set at 4 minutes . Sound quality is awful and it is unreliable . Do not buy this machine .
 I received this machine as a gift and have hated it since I hooked it up . It cuts messages off half way through the call and what remains on the machine is somewhat garbled -LRB- if I did n't have caller id I would not know who called -RRB- . The message delete button is also the on/off button , which is completely inconvenient . I contacted the company for support and ended up totally frustrated . Am planning on replacing the machine with another brand . My advice to you is to buy a different brand !
 I am returning this product , it cuts off messages , the sound quality is terrible and is is pretty much useless !
 This did n't get a good review from me because of poor sound quality . People 's voices sound `` quivering '' and digitalized . If you just want something that 's inexpensive and does what it 's supposed to do then this is for you , but in this day and age of technology , there are much better ones out there !
 This phone answering machine will not record the message so you can understand it , it does not do what it is advertised that it will do . Do NOT purchase this item if you think you are getting something that will answer your phone and record messages , because what you get are garbled really low volume , in and out , with occasionally one word you can understand , but if you think you will be able to get someone 's phone number to be able to call them back , do NOT be misled . I would not recommend you to waste your money on this item .
 The outgoing message that I tried to record sounded terrible , so I have to use the default outgoing message . To delete a message you hit the on/off button -- not very intuitive as sometimes it just shuts the machine off if your timing is not right . I 've had it for over a year , it works fine , but I 'm looking to replace it for something of better quality that 's easier to use .
 Easy to set up but that is the only success I had . The caller 's first 5 words are nothing but static followed by crystal clear recorded words for about 5 seconds and then their voice fades to nothing . Two machines with identical problems - I 'm not trying again . I do not recommend this product .
 I purchased a GE29875GE2 Digital answering message system machine from amazon.com vendor -LRB- paid for a new unit -RRB- reveived it and it had someone 's announcment on it and even had an old message that someone left on it ; for sure it was a used item ; sold as new one ; sent e-mail regarding this purchase and never got a reply . I feel like I have been ripped off .
 This shredder jams up constantly because the full indicator does not work properly . It takes 3 or 4 tries to shred one piece of paper . You have to reverse the shredder every time it gets stuck and then try again . Overall a real pain to shred any amount of paper .
 This shredder is supposedly rated as one of the best on the market . I do n't know who came up with that one but it definitely is n't worth the price ! This is especially true if you are interested in maintaining your security through shredding documents . The machine does not shred into confetti ... only into strips . After several attempts at loading documents in different directions I found most of the data to still be readable . Also ... credit cards were not completely cut either ! It does n't take a brilliant mind to realize how quickly someone could reassemble sheets or cards if they wanted to get the information . I would not recommend this machine to anyone .
 I have several Allsop metal mousepads and they have terrific longevity . The Cupertino does not . After a month of light use it 's showing noticeable wear on the mousing surface . The silver is wearing off already.It does n't even look that good next to a Mac . It 's too thick and the glossy plastic looks cheap , even though it tries to mimic Apple 's style , which looks good.There are far better mousepads on the market . Several of them are made my Allsop . They just blew it here . Avoid this one .
 The design of this mousepad is very nice and stylish . The mouse area is large , and it is embedded in a plastic frame with curved edges that feel smooth on the wrist . When new , the material from which the actual , silver-colored mousing plate exerts only little friction on the mouse and yet provides good control of the mouse position . However , the material is too sensitive against scratching . This is particularly bad since the manufacturer is apparently not capable of making the surface sufficiently flat . The surface features faults -- like a curtain . While the mouse does n't touch the valleys , it excessively wears the ridges , which then become dull and ugly-looking patches already after one day of use . I have returned my first mousepad because of this problem , but the second one has the same problem .
 After using this organizer for ONE day I am annoyed . It does not have enough weight for me to pull tape without holding the organizer with other hand . Whatever I put it underneath the tape dispenser I will accidently remove it when cutting the tape . I wasted my money and I do n't want you to do the same .
 I ordered one package of these boards and they came damaged on all the corners and some of the edges . The boards come in a package from Elmer 's that has no room on the edges or corners for crush protection , so any damage to the corners or sides of the box translate to damage to the boards . The product box was shipped in a larger box from Amazon , but they did not include any protective material so it did not help reduce the risk of damage and may have contributed to more.I returned them to Amazon and had them send a second package , but those where damaged nearly as bad . The second package did not come in an Amazon box - it was simply shipped in the product box.I wanted to mount posters that I made exactly 40 &#34; x 30 &#34; , so damage to the edges and corners makes the boards unusable . If you are planning on cutting down the panels , you might be OK , but plan on losing at least an inch on each side and maybe even more if you need to remove larger damaged sections.At over $ 5 a board , I think you should be able to expect a better quality product . The blame falls on Elmer 's for poor packaging design to start with , because I think any normal handling in warehousing or shipping will result in damage to these boards .
 I purchased thinking it would clear the clutter created by printing accesories on my desktop . Wrong barely enough room for more than 2 ink cartridges , my printers holds 3 at a time . The paper tray wont hold more than a 100 sheets at a time . The drawer is and the whole unit is cheap plastic . This item is truly a waste of money . If your shopping for this i really recommend getting a printing stand rather than this .
 I expected more from a Rolodex product . The tray is very cheap looking and poorly made . I will not buy another Rolodex because of this purchase .
 We ordered six of these trays . Of the initial batch , only one was acceptable . They ship with a cardboard wrapper in the middle and in a plastic bag , but during shipping they must knock against each other because the front edges get all chipped up . So far we 've received a total of about twenty of these trays and four have been acceptable . Most come dinged up , some come with feet broken off . Fortunately Amazon is working to get me six acceptable trays and a customer service rep is personally calling me to handle the situation . I expect we 'll need to receive at least four or six more before we can get the final two acceptable ones . And when I say acceptable , they 're not overly scratched/dinged up and I 'm able to take a stain pen and `` fix '' them.I ordered other items in the same Rolodex `` family '' and those items are OK , it 's just these trays that I have an issue with . If they would package these trays in their own box or somehow that the edges ca n't get dinged up , everything would be fine .
 I bought the entire kit , but I only needed the silver ink . I put it in an empty cartrtridge of a scheaffer calligraphy pen and it does n't flow , nothing comes out from the pen , if I shake the pen big drops will come out but when I try to write nothing . So I try adding a little bit of alcohol and I could write a little , like 20 words and then again nothing . I 'm frustrated .
 I am a photographer and ordered the Museum Etching paper for pictures already sold and needing to be printed . The bottom edge of the box was damaged though it was packaged very well so I know the damage was already there when it was mailed . Consequently I have wasted expensive ink and paper trying to fill the orders . The corners of the all of the heavy papers were bent just enough to distort the paper and printing . So it is a wash . I tried to handle this earlier but never heard back . Unfortunately this is the second time it has happened , so I will have to be very careful when I order in the future . Spending the money to mail it back only adds to the problem . Very clever way to pass off a problem to someone else . Buyer beware !
 I 'm sure all the people who use Canon 's Museum Etching Photo Paper -LRB- 13 x 19 inches -RRB- and rave about it do so for good reason
 I ordered 3 boxes of these checking pencils for my class . The leads repeatedly broke upon sharpening for almost 3/4 of the pencils . Some of the students had to work with pencils less than 5 inches long . I would not purchase these pencils again .
 As teacher of Learning disabled students , I have used pencils with blue at one end and red at the other to have students mark b 's and d 's in their reading so that they learn the difference . I have used these for 25 years . I switched to this brand because they are less expensive . Now I know why . In trying to sharpen them initially , you lose half the pencil . The wood splinters or remains rough to the touch.Charles Leonard Inc. . Pencil , Red/Blue , 12/box -LRB- 65045 -RRB-
 I took my chances and did not heed the warnings that these pencils are worthless and bought a box anyway . Well , lets be fair and say half the pencil is worthless . The `` lead '' of the red half is shattered inside the pencil . Every time you sharpen it , a little piece of the red lead comes out and clogs up your pencil sharpener . I happily sharpened away until I was left with only a small blue pencil . The red part was consumed entirely just trying to get it sharpened.There are other brands of this type of pencils -LRB- Koh-I-Noor , and from jetpens.com -RRB- , and I suggest you try them first.Again , do not buy this product .
 I recently bought this calculator . Does anybody out there know how to insert the paper into the miniscule space they give you . This is a worthless product and the manual is no help at all . It might even be a decent calculator but what good is it if you ca n't get the paper roll to insert into the thing . POS
 I concur with Dan Dan . Canon makes many great products but the paper feed function with this item is horrible to say the least . I consider myself a tech savvy person and mechanically inclined to a certain degree but I can not successfully load the paper roll into this machine . As it sits , it is a fancy calculator , but it is not being used for it 's intended purpose . Look elsewhere .
 While the full duplexing allows for conversations where both parties can speak at once , the microphone on this is n't very good . It makes the speaker 's voice sound tinny and grating . The speaker is very good , though .
 Three of us had to huddle very close to the speaker to be heard by the folks on the conference call . Not even close to an excellent product .
 I 've used the Polycom 300 for about 6 months now and my experience has been very mixed . The sound from the speaker is great . However , everyone I speak to with this phone complains that my voice sounds like I 'm talking from inside a sea-shell or a tin can.They have trouble hearing me and I find that I have to hold my head about 10 inches from the mic in order to be heard clearly . People hate talking to me when I 'm on this phone.Unlike the digital polycom units , this one does n't have external microphone inputs ... so there 's really no way to remediate the poor sound with a better microphone.It is what it is.My recommendation would be to consider other products before this one - or at the very least , wait for the price to go way down .
 I purchased a VoiceStation 300 for my home office in order to do business conference calls , and had to return it no more than 10 days later . People on the other end could n't hear me unless I was inches away from the speakers , and my voice was constantly breaking up because the unit was picking up ambient noise from the heating system in the room . I was very disappointed in the performance of this product .
 This review is for Rev D , which is what I received . The speakerphone has very good sound quality , and I would rate the speakerphone capability as four or five stars . There was a `` marketing '' sticker pasted above the model number labeled `` No Cell Phone Buzz . '' -LRB- It does not appear in the product photo or is mentioned in the description . -RRB- I interpreted that as it was immune to the irritating buzzing sound picked up by speakers from cell phones due to radio interference.Overall I gave it two stars because the speaker makes a hiss when the unit is off . I have a very quiet home office and the placement of the unit is in relative close proximity to me ; I found the continuous hiss annoying and returned the unit . -LRB- Amazon makes returns very easy . -RRB- I am going to try the Voicestation 500 . The hiss has been noted by other reviewers so it was not particular to my unit . If you are several feet away from the unit or are in a louder setting , you will probably not hear the hiss.Jan 16 , 2010 Update
 At first glance this looks like a nicely built -LRB- small and simple -RRB- desk calculator , which is exactly what I wanted . And it does work fine for basic adding and subtracting , which is primarily all I need it for . But I soon noticed that when you multiply or divide anything involving a 3 digit number or larger , the result is a mess of partially displayed numbers that is n't even close to the correct result . I 've noticed a couple of other Canon calculators have had similar issues -LRB- based on customer reviews -RRB- . I would use caution when purchasing .
 I ca n't beieve I paid $ 20 ! The `` cleaning mit '' is actually a sack that you 're supposed to stick 3 fingers into and somehow clean with then . -LRB- ? -RRB- The small cloth was n't much better , leaving behind a lot of dust . Zipper case is flimsy and does n't open all the way .
 These cards were just schmaltz and treacle . Not at all evocative of the past but a phony rendering . Stick with Victorian Papers for nostalgic cards .
 I bought the ICD-MX20 a week ago . I was surprised that Sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named `` Digital Voice Editor '' . Sony Customer Service staff told me that if you lost the CD that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . Only patches of the software are available to download.This immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . Sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . Think twice before making your buying decision .
 better use amazone.tracking.bot . Ah never was given my opportunity to use this thing w ' software . It was stolen with another Olympus Voice Recorder that had in its contents many tens of hours of voice journaling and work in it . it was stolen w o chance to converge files into a bigger recording alteration storage machine . -LRB- such as a tabletop -RRB- . and my kevlar leather HelloKitty wallet was stolen off my floor . during chrismas season . all went reported to little ithaca police . none were returned .
 background noice is too high to handle . I am not a newbie for using voice recorder . I got my first JNC one on 1999 . That one was broken days ago . Frankly , my JNC is a lot better than this one on sound quality issue but a little bit cheaper . -LRB- I use ST mode , the best mode of sony , the background is still loud , also the file size per se is so dreadful to a 128M memory . -RRB- I did some research on voice recoder online before jump . Eventually , I decided to focus on Olympus DS2 and sony icd-sx46 . Sine ds2 is in a huge size and 64M memory , I risk this one even though some sounds have mentioned its background noise problem . I thought they do not know how to operate it . I am wrong !!! I tried any possible approach to lower down the background noise , no way to beat it ! The file 's sound quality is not better than those wav files recorded by my Creative ZEN nano plus mp3 player.Since the design is ok and nice-looking , so I do n't give 1 or 0 star . If just for sound quality , it deserves minus stars.In addition , the manual is the most horrible one in the whole world , it is like a huge piece of junk newpaper.Do not buy it ! ------ I do n't know how the earlier reviews are so high.cons :0 . *** background noice is too high to handle .1 . You cann ' t go forward or backward when you pause the file , it will jump to another file .2 . You can not go in a file from the end , that is so horrible for a long record .3 . Mp3 feature is a piece of junk , you only can upload files in special bps and Hz . If you convert the file into sony 's junk format , indeed , it will be in smaller file size but the sound is too dry to stand .4 . Without backlight , it is really stupid .5 . ` Digital Voice Editor 2 ' distributed with recorder has a big flaw . When you save a sound file to PC , it uses the current PC time to sign the file , the time of file recorded is totally lost . My JNC 's software , which is created 6 years ago , can keep the time recorded when files are exported to PC . Sony is really lousy.pros : It is good-looking , if you want to use it to attract attention.All in all , since it is very inconvenient to play sound files in this small `` gadget '' , it is just a recoder with a lousy record quality . ------ 11/01/2006After using it for a couple of weeks , I came back to add some things .1 . the proprietary file format of sony is very inconvenient .2 . The player does not show the file length when you play it or switch to it . Also , switching the display mode by menu is so clumsy . Several times , it causes I delete files incorrectly.I feel weird , why 3 people disagree with me . Why you do n't point out some highlights of it . -LRB- except for it is from a japanese company and nice-looking -RRB-
 Get an olympus that plugs directly into your comptuer instead!The original recorder that I ordered back in August was this Sony . In order to hook it up to your computer you need the software that comes with the recorder and a cable . If you misplace the CD and need to load it onto your computer again then you are out of luck because it is very difficult to find the software on-line -LRB- I am good at finding that kind of stuff and I never found it -RRB- . The recording quality was ok -LRB- not as good as the Olympus -RRB- . After a few months and a lot of time spent transferring the files to my computer and then converting them to MP3 format -LRB- if you do n't convert them then the file size is huge -RRB- , I ended up borrowing my mom 's -LRB- cheap in comparison -RRB- `` Olympus Digital Voice Recorder with Direct PC Link as a back up and I have not gone back . My $ 150 -LRB- I think I paid more over the summer -RRB- Sony recorder now sits in my bag and I only use the $ 79.99 `` Olympus Digital Voice Recorder with Direct PC Link '' . I would give it away but it is such a pain I do n't think people would put up with it for long even if it was free.Switching to the Olympus has saved me so much time and the end recordings are so much better.I highly recomend an Olympus instead !
 According to Sony support , this device is not compatible with Win 7 . Instead of using it as a digital voice recorder , you have to download the data via the ANALOG headset jack into your computer MIC in . None of the digital functionality can be accessed via software from Win 7 . There are NO drivers to support this device on Win 7 . The Sony support response
 Recording sounded like the people were in a tunnel . Not easy to use . Needs better documentation on how to use .
 It works , but just no excuse for not having Vista drivers out . It 's 8 months since Vista came out , and the only drivers out there are in Japanese . For the last 7 months , I called their tech support and got nowhere , then finally found info on their web site . Then they pushed their release back from June until the end of July
 I have had this for a year now . The unit itself is pretty high quality . Many options . The problem is the software . The digital voice editor software that comes with it is very limited and never was great . But , what 's worst of all is you need to keep the disk with you and not lose it , because if the software has a glitch -LRB- like mine just did -RRB- and you are on the road , and you do n't have the disk , you can not hope to find the software to re-download to reinstall . Sony only posts updates to it , as if the software itself here was some valuable product to protect . It 's a little proprietary player that also happens to be the ONLY way you can transfer the files to your computer . So , if it stops working , and you do n't have disk , you are screwed . This is unacceptable in this day and age . It 's not like ANYONE in the world would want to download and use this software for anything other than if you were using one of these units . It 's essentially barely more than the driver you need to transfer -LRB- and you need it to convert -RRB- the files . Typical proprietary Sony , overprotecting things to the hurt of the customers who want just to use their product . -LRB- This is how Beta lost to VHS , in so many ways -RRB- . I would NOT buy this unit again for this reason .
 I should have read these reviews before purchasing . The stick is very small , the directions are extremely lengthy and not incredibly user-friendly . However , I could have made it work , EXCEPT for the huge fact that the hardware does not save files in an MP3 format or any format that is compressed and/or easily transferrable to CD . Also , it does not allow you to tag data once saved . It assigns its own tags , which work okay unless your have more than 2 or 3 files saved . No thanks , this is going back .
 This recorder is a sleek little device and has good features that I wo n't bother repeating here.What is * very annoying * is the Digital Voice Editor software and the USB connectivity . I 've re-installed the software numerous times without getting it to work . The recorder shows PC Link , the DVE software shows my recordings , but as 0.00.00 length ! Clicking on a recording just gives an error.Sony has a Windows Media Player plug-in , but WMP fails to recognize the recorder.Dragon Naturally Pro 9 fails to recognize the recorder too . -LRB- This same model is sold with this software as ICD-SX46VTP -RRB- USB connections -LRB- under Device Manager -RRB- shows the recorder but it does n't show up anywhere else ?? Sony support for this model is non-existent . Not even drivers in its support section.After my frustrations with this recorder -LRB- and googling for answers -RRB- , I 've read that pretty much all the Sony Digital Recorders use the crappy DVE software . I would recommend that everyone stay away from Sony recorders just because of this DVE software.Imagine the silliness of spending a big chunk of money on `` digital '' recorder , that will not even connect successfully to your PC ?! I 'd
 This recorder is just to small . Its hard to get through the menu options and hard to use the buttons . The software and the USB interface works great . The reception range is limited and the play back quality is not very good . I guess if all you wanted was something real small it would be OK , but it just is not user friendly .
 ok I should of listened to the person who said it echos when you speak ... uniden needs to fix this very badly ... even 19 $ phones dont do this ... soryy if I sound upset but I was looking forward to getting it . Now the I have to send it back and keep looking ...
 The sound quality of this phone makes it useless . People can barely understand you if you are on the speaker phone . There is even an echo like sound when you talk . Very unhappy with this phone .
 Not only did i see this phone 10 bucks cheaper at Circuit City which really is 20 bunks after shipping , but its also not working properly . too large in size , echos , bad reach -LRB- i got problems even only 10 yards away from the base station -RRB- , speaker does not work well etc. all-in-all i wish i would have never bought it .
 I bought this phone in March and it is not longer working . Some of the numbers on the receiver no longer work and now the manufacturer wants me to pay to fix it !! I wish I never bought this item , it is not worth $ 1 !! Do not buy this phone !!
 In less than a month , most of the buttons letters or numbers faded away . The message recording sounds like the messages are in Suahili and the volume adjustment is almost not existant.Nothing good about this unit .
 This phone is a nice phone to start with but only after a few months of use the buttons stoped working . I ca n't return it its to late so know I have a useless phone . Thanks Uniden !
 This is the worst telephone I have ever owned . I base this mainly on the poor reception . It is difficult to hear and there is a lot of static . My previous 900 MHz AT&T worked much better and it was five years older . I only had to replace it due to `` child abuse '' .
 I purchased this phone for X-mas . At first this phone was great , but after 3 months we began having sound problems . While listening to someone , the sound drops lower and lower . There is a button for ` load ' , but this does not help . I keep pressing my ear harder into the phone to listen . Also the asnwering machine voice quality was great when we bought it , but now we have to place our ear to the speaker and play the message repeatly to hear the message . After 5 months with this phone , I am now looking for another phone .
 I bought this phone on the strength of the reviews here . Maybe it works great for some people , maybe my phone is just damaged , but I had crackling in the handset even when standing right next to the phone , and occasional crackling in the answering maching recording.They both sounded like static or interference , but the 5 year old cordless phone the Uniden was replacing never once had problems with being in the exact same location.And there 's no reason for having problems with the answering machine , that 's hard-wired .
 Six months ago I bought a similar phone , the EXS9800 . Since this model no longer seems to be available , I am writting this note to caution buyers on what they might expect from similar models . Initially I was very optimistic about the phone because of the reviews . The features are impressive on paper , less so in reality . The range is excellent . The sound quality in the receiver is poor , even with the high volume setting on . The sound quality on the answering machine is so bad that sometimes I need to put my ear within inches of the machine to hear the message , with no other competing sounds in the room ! Poor volume on the reciever may be a tradeoff with longer battery life , but there is no excuse for the answering machine . It also has some stupid features . Why does the machine have an electronic voice that says `` You have five new messages '' when I can plainly see the number 5 on the console display . It wastes my time . And , quite frankly , the distinction between `` five new messages and three old messages '' is not very useful . In short , this phone maximizes `` features '' but not useful performance .
 Nice features , but recorded messages are almost unintelligible , and the sound level of the handset is too low . You can increase the volume , but then it reverts to the low level volume for the next call . I 'm now looking for a new phone because I 'm tired of playing messages 5 times trying to understand them . A friend of mine has a Uniden and he has the same complaints .
 I purchased this phone yesterday with high expectations . Today I will be returning it for something different ! What a waste of time ! Range -LRB- before static becomes annoying -RRB- is extremely poor -LRB- 20 feet !?! -RRB- . I think I will try a Panasonic 2.4 single line instead . From the looks of the reviews perhaps there are no good cordless phones ?
 This phone is so terrible I would not take one for free if it was offered to me . Uniden should be ashamed of this product . If I could rate this less than one star I would .
 I had very recently given this phone a 3-star rating . However , after using the phone for a longer period of time , I felt obligated to come back and re-review ... First things first -- the speakerphone is a nightmare . You can hardly understand the person on the other end . Secondly , as I stated in my other review , I am constantly hanging up inadvertantly . It 's extremely annoying to me and the person I am speaking to . Not to mention incredibly unprofessional.I have to say this is not a phone I would recommend . Nothing against Uniden , of course . I just think they need to redesign this phone . It 's not worth $ 1 , much less $ 99 . Best of luck .
 Due to the shape of the handset , I must have , inadvertently , hung up on 30 different people -- apparently while tucking it under my chin for hands-free use -LRB- which is 95 % of the time -RRB- . I have owned several different cordless phones , including older Unidens and a Vtech with which I have NEVER had this problem . Also thought the LCD readout was faint , lame , almost completely useless . The battery held the charge well . Fortunately , I still had all the packaging , and after a full month , got a full refund .
 Contrary to the other review , I HATE THIS PHONE . The clarity is terrible . Also , the two line feature on the handset is confusing . The line functions are difficult to use . Giving Uniden the benefit of the doubt , and considering the other review , perhaps I just got a bad phone . However , this is the second time that I have been disappointed with Uniden products . If you try this phone , save all the packing material so you can return it . I did n't and now I 'm afraid that I 'm stuck with this hunk-of-junk . The price was great for a phone with so many features . But then ... you get what you pay for . Frankly , I 'd get a Sony . That 's what I intend to do if I can return this one . Beware .
 Do n't buy this phone if you have teenagers using line 2 ! This phone has a ringer on the base unit and one in the hand set . You can only turn off ringer on base unit . Handset toggles from low to high volume , presumably so you can always locate the handset . Some clever programming by Uniden could have fixed that feature . Unacceptable in 2001 ...
 I have an older model Uniden phone that looks very much like the 7926 I just bought for a 2nd home office phone . I immediately noticed that the sound quality in the 7926 earphone -LRB- and with a hands-free headset plugged in -RRB- was very much inferior to the older unit . The 7926 has a distinct `` hiss '' around each word spoken -- kind of a `` white noise '' in the background that starts and stops with each word spoken or heard . For me , this hiss gets more irritating as the volume increases . Also the range to the base is far less than the older model . I just checked the model numbers and features and found that the older phone is a Uniden exs9660 and has digital spread spectrum -LRB- 900 Mhz -RRB- . The new phone is of course , the exi7926 , which does not have spread spectrum , and is , I assume , analog . Wow , what a difference . No `` word-hiss '' at all in the older phone -- I 'm assuming this is due to the DSS technology -- and much greater range . If this is because of the DSS , I got ta return the 7926 and get something with DSS . More expensive , but worth it for me . Hope this helps someone else who is shopping -LRB- I do n't think the exs9660 is still available , but am checking -RRB- .
 This had great reviews but I 'm so unhappy with this product . I purchased it for working on my laptop in my easy chair . Firstly the legs on the stand are metal and gouge into my legs when using it while sitting and the weight of the notebook rests on these . Why on earth was n't the back left solid straight across ? I have no use for the USB organizer . I 'm sure it would work fairly well on a tabletop but not for what I wanted . The front raised areas intended to catch the notebook from sliding off are n't high enough to stop even a 15 '' size as that has repeatedly happened . I have tried to add padding to make do but may just throw it in the garbage . Table maybe yes , but lap a definite NO !
 After two returns I 'm now done with this product . The first one I received was shipped in the box it came in -LRB- which is pretty weird to begin with -RRB- and the product was fine at first I thought . Then I set it up and realized that 1 . The stand is crooked at all heights and leans to one side badly and 2 . The cord organizer that was supposed to come with it was not in the package and it does not have the smaller support bar pictured . I though maybe there had just been a mistake so I settled on exchanging it for a new one . When it came in the box it was shipped in and the product box were both crushed and the stand was bent again . Once again my laptop would not sit straight on it . I ; m now done with this product as as great as it seems , its just not worth the hassel anymore
 It simply did not hold my Lenovo laptop . The depth of the base plate was too shallow , causing the computer to just slide out and down the front of the unit . I had pre-measured prior to ordering too , so was surprised that the laptop was too high for this unit per the advertised specs . Otherwise , solidly made and probably would have fit a thinner laptop .
 This laptop stand will not hold my computer reliably . I have a Acer Aspire 7741 series laptop . The case design comes to a taper where the lid and body meet . The rolodex stand 's holders > the 2 feet that actually brace the laptop on the stand , are too short ! As soon as you touch the laptop , it slides right over the too short holders and onto the floor . I think some designer did n't think all aspects through . All it would take is the 2 holders to be 1/4 to 1/2 inch taller and there would be no slippage , which is what I have done . Instead of returning it , I have modified it by gluing 2 small pieces of rubber weatherstripping to the holders . This has raised the edge of the holders the required 1/2 inch needed . Rolodex > I will sell you my design mod for a reasonable fee > take the money out of said designer 's salary , because he obviously is n't earning it ! Anybody else needing help with their stand contact me , and I will show you how I did the mod.The rest of the stand seems to be ok .
 While reading some reviews of this . I managed to jerk the laptop off of the stand . Just a small tug on the mouse cord sent it flying off . Or I should it fell off because the ` feet ' that hold the laptop are too SMALL.It does n't take much to teeter it off . My laptop is only a 2008 Gateway 15 '' screen so therefore it 's not big ! Save money and many cuss words ! If I would have saved my box and receipt I would have gotten my money back long ago . Now I 'm gon na just try to rigged something up to keep it on there . The only good thing about this stand is the airflow it provides .
 The design seemed fine until I actually put my 17 '' laptop on it . In no position would it hold the laptop in a secure manner . It would have been so simple to alter the stand so this would n't be a problem -- I do n't know why it was designed this way . If the `` feet '' at the bottom were curved / hooked , that would securely hold the laptop and make certain that the computer did n't slip . This seems to be a general defect with the design so it will be sent back to Amazon ASAP . Very disappointed .
 It may be OK for a very small laptop but but my Toshiba Satellite A660 -LRB- 15.6 inch monitor -RRB- did not fit . This stand is not sturdy at all and it was not designed for medium sized laptops.Went back to Amazon .
 I bought this laptop stand because of all the good reviews here but when I received this I was extremely disappointed and frustrated . This stand is very flimsy and bent almost immediately when I attempted to lock in the stand . Wobbly and not reliable , my laptop slipped off the stand twice and can not stay put . I would definitely not recommend this to anyone who has a 17 '' laptop , perhaps a very small Mac would or iPad would be ok .
 This does not securely hold a Dell Inspiron - thankfully mine fell on my chair instead of all the way to the floor when it slid off . Use with caution !
 Even though it was advertised for Toshiba laptops , my Toshiba Satellite did not fit on the rack . Be sure tocheck the depth of your Laptop before purchasing.The stand was also delivered with missing parts . Not impressed from such a well known brand name .
 product came defective . exchanged it and am in the process of returning second item -LRB- which I believe to be the very one I returned -RRB- because it too is defective . -LRB- legs do n't go into notches evenly on both sides so stand wobbles when using laptop -RRB-
 I think that the manufacturer should have spent a little more material on the front &#34; bumpers &#34; which should prevent the laptop from sliding . They are slightly shorter than my laptop 's bottom , causing it to slide down all the time . Every time I need to plug/unplug cords or USB devices , it slides down , and sometimes it slips by itself . Ten milimeters more would make it perfect . The way it is , I 'll have to replace it soon .
 since the particular laptop i just ordered is known to stay exceptionally cool without the use of a cooling pad , i decided to just get something stable to put it on and keep an eye on the temperature without active cooling.this would have been perfect for passive heat dissipation , but when i opened the box i discovered it is poorly constructed . you can see the metal hinge that supports the top platform in the picture ; that hinge slides into one of several pairs of grooves on the back of the platform . the metal bits with the grooves are soldered on , but with the stand i received , one was soldered about a half an inch lower than the other . i can fit the stand into a pair of grooves , but the whole thing is unstable as a result of the asymmetry.perhaps someone who is handier than i could correct this , or perhaps other customers receive better made stands . this one , however , is going back .
 I should have returned this as soon as I opened the box . Because when I pulled the package out of the box it was shipped in the box inside had been pretty trashed . But I figured nothing was actually missing so I 'll give it a shot . The stand itself is n't a failure but if I was shopping again for a laptop stand I definitely would n't get this one . My biggest complaint is probably that the biggest reason I bought this stand was because of how other people raved about the cord keeper . It 's a very simple design with a piece of rubber that slides into some slots on the back of the stand ... . and does n't stay there . The piece slides around/comes off way too easily and frankly is probably more trouble than it is worth . So if you like this stand because it has several height options , you might be happy with it . If you love the idea of a cord keeper on the stand , you , like myself , are probably going to be greatly disappointed by it .
 The product was flimsy and my laptop fell out of the stand every time I bumped my desk . I returned the item and would not recommend this laptop stand to anyone .
 The first one needed replacement because of missing parts , so I could not tell how was it . When I finally got the one that works , I found that the construction is rather wobbly .
 Solid stand , but was disappointed that the USB hub was not included . Will not purchase again because of this deception .
 The product details clearly state in two places : `` A handy drawer conveniently tucks away note pads , pens , pencils and other supplies that might add to desk clutter '' which was why I purchased this item - but there is no drawer .
 Most laptops have beveled bottoms and the holding arms of this stand do not extend far enough out to keep the laptop secured at steeper inclines .
 We purchased this phone last year when our cordless went to telephone heaven . It worked great for about 9 months , then it started acting funny . For one thing , the phone suddenly refused to charge if the keypad was facing in -LRB- toward the base -RRB- . Just last week , the phone began to emit a strange buzzing noise at periodic intervals in the conversation ; changing the channel on the phone , recharging it completely and moving to another room did not resolve the problem . Once every three or four months , the answering machine `` resets '' itself , losing the time and date and our greeting message.One thing I found uncomfortable about the phone is the proximity of the `` Talk '' button to my jaw . When I cradle the phone between my shoulder and head while talking , I inevitably hang up on the caller . Sometimes it does n't hang up - it just puts the person `` on hold '' and I can click back into them . This , of course , is quite random.Another feature I do n't care for is the fact that you must delete the message while you 're listening to it . If you have any old messages , you must hit PLAY , then delete it . Not a major incovenience , just a minor annoyance.Occasionally , the answering machine will pick up on the second ring instead of the fourth as it normally does . Again , random.The phone base fits well on our wall and the phone itself is easy to use . The ring tones and volume is adjustable and the channel features are useful .
 The phone worked only 4 weeks - suddenly the handset stopped working , the base and answering machine still worked , meaning I could only recieve calls via speakerphone and not call out at all . I called customer service at least 20 times , after holding for a while the computer said that there is an overload of calls and hung up on me . After several weeks -LRB- I work and therefore have little time to call -RRB- I reached a customer service representative . She instructed me to perform a series of test , indicating that this specific phone often has the problem that `` the base and the handset do not communicate '' . Well , the tests showed no results . Another series of calls before I reached a customer service representative who told me to send the phone to them , they would repair it and send it back to me within 6-8 weeks . When I asked what I should use in the interim -LRB- I have another phone but no other answering machine -RRB- , I was told that unfortunately they have no suggestion . I have one
 Please reconsider pruchasing this phone . Uniden phones use NICKEL-CADMIUM -LRB- Ni-Cad -RRB- batteries . Under typical use , after 3-4 months , I would be surprised if you got more then 1 hour of use out of it . They develop a terrible memory problem if you are not obsessive-compulsive about using the battery to the fullest before placing it back on the charger/cradle . So , under normal , typical use , this phone 's performance -LRB- or any Uniden cordless phone , for that matter -RRB- in under 4 months will be very upseting . I will never buy another phone that uses Ni-Cad batteries . EVER !
 If this model did what it is advertized to do , it would be a good buy . I like the look and feel of the unit . But the unit I received did not work properly , at least after a few weeks . I should have returned it then for a refund or exchange , but did not . That was my mistake . Instead , about a month after I bought the unit , I called the Uniden repair service , explained my problem , and was told it would have to be returned for repair . It was still well within the warranty period . I returned the unit , paying for the shipping . In an accompanying letter , I stated that I thought I should get a new unit , rather than a repaired one . This request was ignored . After a month , I got the unit back , and the most serious problem -- I could receive calls but no one could hear me -- was repaired , but another one -LRB- I could n't dial when the phone was on the cradle , one of its advertized features -RRB- was not . I am going to live with this problem , because I ca n't afford to ship it back and wait a month or so for the repair.Incidentally , I chose this particular unit because it was the top recommendation of Consumer Reports . This is not the first time I have gotten burned by one of their top picks on an electronic product .
 We bought this phone only because it was the cheapest with Caller ID and an answering machine together . We were constantly hearing complaints from people we were talking to that we did not sound loud enough . The sound on our end was just as bad ! If you like to yell this phone if for you ... If not , look for something better .
 We bought this phone a couple of months ago . The handset no longer holds a charge , and constantly complains if it 's not put back on the base immediately after each use . You can not check the messages on the answering machine when you are actually using the handset on a call , either . The caller ID funtion is counterintuitive . We hoped this phone would work for all our needs , but it has proven only to frustrate the entire family . We do not reccomend this phone , or others by Uniden .
 Quality is a disappointment . The clarity on this phone is very good but no where in the tech data did it mention the volume of in/out recorded messages and the ring on the handset can not be totally silenced . This is a real nuisance when used in settings where silent operation is necessary . At it 's lowest setting messages can still be heard from the base unit by anyone in the room . Additionally , the handset quit working after only 1 year.This is the 2nd Uniden product that quit on me . A similar phone by G.E.has lasted me 10 years without a hitch .
 The short battery life is a gigantic problem . Sure the caller ID and speakerphone are nice to have on the handset . But guess what -- without a fully charged battery , the phone is completely useless ! You ca n't dial without a charged handset -LRB- other phones will let you -RRB- . You ca n't get caller ID without a charged handset -LRB- other phones will let you -RRB- . And the kicker is ... you ca n't get a charged handset without a charged handset . Due to a combination of the connectors not working properly and identical and misleading feedback lights , the phone can sit happily for hours on the base appearing to charge , but in reality NOT CHARGING . You 'll only find this out when it suddenly dies 30 seconds into your call -- because there 's no battery meter ! Who thinks these things up ?? This thing is not user-friendly . Oh , BTW , the range sucks too , and everyone will complain about the sound quality -LRB- `` it sounds like you 're talking into a tin can '' is the most frequent comment -RRB- . Do yourself a favor . Get a different phone .
 I own this phone and have had several problems with it . First , there is a loud screech in the handset when it is lifted from the cradle and second , it dials 911 on its own ! On two occasions while I was speaking on the phone to a coworker , my local 911 dispatcher beeped in to say that she had recieved a call from my home with no one on the line . Needless to say , this is annoying . I did a google search and have found others that have had similar experiences with GE brand phones made by Thompson Inc. under a license agreement . As a GE Aviation employee , I hate to say that a GE product stinks , but that is how I feel . Buyer beware .
 The battery life of this phone has quickly gone down hill . I would not recommend this phone to anyone . I am already shopping for a new one - after only 5 months ...
 I ca n't carry on a conversation without constant crackling in the reception .
 I 've had this for two months -- I really liked it at first -- and already the battery has just about gone . Most of the time I can barely hear the person on the other end of the line . What a disappointment . It 's going back !
 I purchase this phone as a Xmas gift for my roommate . She did n't set it up until mid-February . Now , only 2 months after she started using it , the battery has died . My Sanyo phone did the same thing , but it lasted over a year before this happened .
 I pulled the phone out of the box , plugged it in and ... nothing . It did n't work . Do n't waste your money on this phone .
 I have had my Uniden phone for 4 months and the battery is gone . I am never buying anything but Panasonic from now on . I have never had problems with my Panasonic phones and do n't know why I bought another brand .
 Some numbers and letters are higher than the others and the ones that do n't stick up as high as the others obviously do n't make an imprint . tried it , immediately saw the problem , Threw it in the Trash !
 Two typefaces were used in my Officemate Stamp . The month and year are of one and the date another . This would n't bother me except that the thickness of the rubber under the typefaces is of a different thickness . The month and year are thicker and therefore stand up more . If you give a quick stamp with the device , the month and year show up fine but it is hard to see the date . One must press down hard to get the date to print . This usually leaves a smudge around the month and year.I will replace this aggravating device as soon as I can get to a store where I can examine a replacement before buying .
 Bought 3 scales for our internet business and 2 have stopped working after only 3 months . I would not purchase this product .
 Defective on receipt . Would self-test and zero only if the package table was removed . I do n't intend to do that everytime I want to use the thing . Also , no software was included , though I do n't know if it is really needed . Never got that far .
 This scale looks alot like the MyWeigh Ultraship 35 I bought that never worked . How did they get a licence to put the United States Postal Service label on it ? Hmmm . Did they buy a licence ? I doubt it . This is n't one of the scales the United States Postal Service sells on their website . Hmmm , seems fishy to me !
 I tried to install this scale on 2 different Windows 7 computers . The driver comes up `` Elane UParcel 30lb '' rather than `` USPS PS311 '' . I use Dyno Stamps -LRB- Endicia -RRB- and it would not recognize the scale since I assume its looking for USPS PS311 . I sent the scale back to Amazon for a refund .
 This scale works fine - it 's very accurate , however , I found it while searching for a scale that would work with Endicia/Dazzle - it does n't work . So , if you 're an Endicia user - do n't buy this one .
 The scale was fantastic for 5 months . Then -LRB- right after I finally threw away all the original packaging -RRB- it went out of calibration and will not calibrate . We tried many times , following the simple instructions carefully . No good . Looks like it 's time for a new scale ...
 When I first turned on the scale it started weird digital activity which ended with `` 1-1 '' on the display . I was not able to get rid of this 1-1 on my own , and there was no comprehensive user guide for the product . Later playing with the scale I discovered that it only zeroes up being turned on in upside down position . Since I bought it on clearance I could not return it without a restocking fee , so I decided to keep it . For a while the upside down trick worked , but now it is back to 1-1 . I would not recommend this item . I would recommend to add another 50 $ and buy really nice reliable 330 lbs scale from USPS .
 The size is misrepresented . You can not fit CD cases , or even CDs as the photo shows . Organize It does n't pay for shipping either , so I 'm out $ 10 -LRB- for receiving and shipping back -RRB- on a $ 9.99 item !
 I bought this based on good reviews I read . This item is packaged so you ca n't tell what the texture is like even if in the store . But once home and opened I found the surface does n't read well with any of the variety of laser mice that I have . This mouse pad skips or just does n't respond at all . I found the the functionality of this mouse pad to be so frustrating that I gave up and just use a sheet of notebook paper instead which is unfortunate because the photo on the pad is so beautiful and the notebook paper in contrast looks like crap . I think the other reviewers must be grading the picture alone .
 This may or may not be a good mouse pad . I have n't tried it yet . What infuriates me is that I searched Amazon for a `` hard surface mouse pad '' and this one was included in the results . The cryptic description did not include specifications like hard/soft surface and I bought it because the search results implied that it was what I wanted . However , it is not a hard surface pad . I am really annoyed with Amazon . This experience will make me very wary of purchasing from Amazon again .
 I hooked this up , but I can not get the caller ID to work . The manual is no help , the 800 number is busy , and whacking the thing does n't help .
 You need to order an a/c adaptor for an additional $ 15.00 . Without the adaptor , the display , call waiting and the speaker phone are useless .
 I had a SW Bell Answering machine for years so when I was in the market for a corded phone I choose this one for the price , the speaker phone and caller ID . The speaker phone runs off the phone line and does n't need any outside power . Without the AC adapter to power the back light -LRB- Have n't seen it light up yet except for the speaker phone button -RRB- , caller ID , and memory you 're forced to use 3 AA batteries that 'll give you about a week 's worth of use before the batteries began affecting the phone 's performance . You 're looking at 12 batteries a month . This marketing ploy really kills an otherwise good phone . Is this the wave of the future when we buy items and equipment and not only are the batteries not included but also the AC adapter needed to power the thing !! The buttons for editing New Calls and erasing is tedious but that could be due to the batteries . If SW Bell is reading this do your customers a BIG favor and INCLUDE the adapter . Even if you have to raise the price of the phone to do it . I 'll have to mail in for an AC Adapter or get a generic adapter that 's 9 VDC at 200mA . I 'm opting for the generic .
 As one of those people who `` thumb through '' my folders , I like the reinforcement along the top 1 '' edge of these folders . It keeps the folders standing up straight , for better visibility.But these folders ... I 've never seen such a mess . I thought I was imagining things when I noticed they were n't sitting uniformly in my folders . Now that I take them all out and look at them from several angles , I see that these folders are not all the same height ! In fact , only one third of them are all the same height . The rest are within a 1/4 inch of each other up or town.Two folders are very roughly cut , which might indicate the `` cutter '' was off on the assembly line . Or they have n't gotten all the kinks worked out for this product.As it is , I 've wasted a sheet of labels and must re-start a tedious job . I will give away these folders , as they are unusable for my purposes.Even if they had n't been defective , I was shocked by how flimsy the paper is .
 I bought this product because the keyboard try I use has a round mouse tray attached and it look like it would fit ... it did , perfectly but that was the only thing perfect about it . It is described as `` extremely thin , hard pad surface '' which would denote that it is still a pad , it is not . It is a thin piece of plastic that both my laser mouse & optical mouse had a hard time tracking on even though Allsop claims that it is designed for those types of mice .
 Folks !! The very purpose of having a laptop gets defeated with this unnecessary add on . If you think you need this then better buy a desktop system and same some real cash.I do not recommend this .
 this machine does n't pull evenly , pulls multiple sheets from some trays , none from others.much better off using a real manual machine .
 I recently got this `` machine '' , after unpacking the machine started a self-destruction process , it seems the plastic is weak , and joints breaked , nice idea in a terrible material .
 I bought this so that I could stick a Yoda statue to the dash of my car without having any sticky residue , not only did it not stick to the dash but it did n't even stick to the Yoda statue , horrible
 We 've had a three phone setup of this model for about three years . The house phone is the line that gets used least . So what I really do n't understand is how I 'm buying new batteries for the phones twice a year , because every time we do have a call that 's more than 5-10 minutes , the darn battery goes to low battery and drops the call . Mind you , you 've got to move fast to pick up a different phone , because once you get the alert that the battery is low you 've got maybe 15 seconds before it conks out entirely . I 'm searching now for something with some battery life !
 I 've had this phone for about 4 years.This is a great phone when it works , but it 's got a major design flaw
 I have tried at least 8 times to get a refund for this item , bought in May 2010 , which NEVER WORKED . Brainerd Buyer , the seller , sent me another unit , but it did n't work either . I mailed them back on July 5th this year , she says she never received it and WILL NOT REFUND . I sent her a copy of the postal receipt as well . I have tried every available means in a polite way but now I will inform everyone I can to BEWARE OF BRAINERD BUYER , the seller . Amazom is no help either , as they tend to protect the seller.Here 's my original message with the return : I received the Motorola SD7561 Cordless telephone from you in a timely fashion . However I was not in town to pick it up until Monday June 14th . First of all , I must say I was surprised to see only one telephone here , as the picture shows one base unit with a telephone and one second phone with a charging stand . -LRB- I wanted to buy two telephones . -RRB- I plugged it all in , and after 24 hours the battery seemed to be charged , but the phone has not worked properly yet -- the handset clicks off as soon as I press the `` On/flash '' button . I went to the Motorola.com website and followed every possible lead but it still acts defective.I wonder who gave you a 100 % review . I would like to return the phone to you and have a full refund.Sincerely , Fredericka Copley
 I specifially ordered 3/4 &#34; wide tape ... I got .71 &#34; wide tape . I need 3/4 &#34; tape . Do you have that width ? I wish you would have told me i was going to receive narrower tape than i requested
 I purchased a base unit and two phones in approx . 1995 . We have used the phones successfully and have rubbed off the numbers and letters from the keys.I purchase three hand sets to replace the two well worn handsets.The replacement handsets have display problems . Some vertical and horzontial parts of the display do not display . The cause is the separation of the display panel from the electrical contacts of the screen.I am disappointed that an AT&T ; product would have such a major flaw.I will probably disassemble our old handsets and see if I can swap the rubber key pad with the old phones that do not have a display problem .
 I purchased this phone a few years ago . I liked it a lot initially - so much that I bought another for my parents . In less than a year - some of the number buttons did n't work on one set and the volume and speaker were so low , I stoppes using the phones . The volume on my parents phone did the same thing , and their display went bad - lines all over it . Stay way from this phone .
 Poor quality unit . That 's why AT&T does n't sell these themselves , but out-sources them instead . Half the time I have a echo in my ear of myself when I use the phone . Now it has developed a `` Chripping '' sound that you only hear once you have dialed the number . The person on the other end ca n't hear you when this happens . Solution is hang up , walk over to base unit , pick base unit up about 4 inches from desk , drop base unit on desk , re-dial the phone number . Of course these undocumented features -LRB- problems -RRB- began shortly after the warranty had expired .
 i got TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- full units bc i couldnt find handset at storewas good until . . BOTH LCD screens died on BOTH handsetsthe system like a bus marquee made of boxes now half text is missing like if battery died and replacing it didnt fix itall i get is -RSB- - -LSB- = L l 0 example most text is gonei experienced this with organizers when batt dies but ... \ also sound is horrible and crackly
 I purchased this phone with an additional handset last week and it is of extremely poor quality so I have resumed use of my old 900 mhz VTech . This phone causes both an echo of my voice and a loss of fluid communication , which , is the reason for its use ! In sum , take your money elsewhere !
 I 'd give it 0 stars if I could . I had the same problem with the phone cutting out as the person from Plainview , NY . See AT&T 2300 2.4 GHz Cordless Phone with Caller ID for the review . I do not have call waiting nor do most of the people I call . AT&T was trying to blame the problem on that , but it must be something else . They sent me a new phone -LRB- wrong model -RRB- to replace it , but it had the same issue . I sent it back . Later , the original phone was unable to find it 's base even though other phones worked fine when plugged into the phone connection .
 I purchased this 5-in-1 based on a 5 star recommendation from another Amazon user for the previous model . I was going to use this in my home office and I have experience setting up fax machines , printers and answering machines.The phone is poor quality , too small and the battery is not as good as my 4 year old Sony . Regardless of the settings the fax machine tries to kick in everytime you place or receive phone calls - you get the annoying digital handshake 30 seconds into any call.The speaker phone on the phone has an inexplicable control . You can not switch to the speaker on the handset once you have received a call.The answering machine is also a dud - you do n't know when you have new messages -LRB- no LED -RRB- and that digital handshake kicks into any message you receive so you ca n't hear the messages being left.The documentation and configuration is poor - I could find nothing that shows me how to properly troubleshoot my phone.As a 5-in-1 it flunks . The fax may or may not actually work , after spending several weeks with the basic phone and message center I give up .
 does not print a fax report -LRB- manual makes a point of saying that !! -RRB- answering machine is a nightmare to operate remotelyvolume control on the cordless phone is perpetually irritatingit is pretty , and that 's the only nice thing i can say about it
 I 've never come across such a shoddy piece of consumer electronics . This sad excuse for a phone has convinced me to NEVER buy ANY AT&T product again . How bad is it ? Where to start ! Horrible sound quality for starters . Standby time is pitiful . After less than eight months , one handset does n't even work -- it just makes a sizzling sound when it is taken off the hook . I 'm going back to Panasonic -- never had a problem with those !
 We also bought these phones thinking that AT&T was a good brand name . They worked fine for a few months , then the keypads started to act up . We also accidentally dialed 911 a number of times -LRB- quite embarassing as the operator calls you back -RRB- . We can not dial out on two of the phones because the keypads do n't work . Buy another brand ...
 This phone is horrible , it does not provide all the services that is described . Buying it was a complete waste of my money . I do not recommend it . If there were zero stars , it would have gotton a -LRB- -10 -RRB- .
 Phone just cuts off after a few minutes ? Still trying to figure out if the returned phone was received and where is my refund?Ugh ...
 Agree with all of the reviews below . Phone is lousy . Handset is not ergonomic at all . Hard to dial . Heard to hear . Bought this at Costco -- should have read the reviews first . My mistake .
 This system is pure junk . Sound reproduction is distorted . Redial function works `` sometimes '' . Pre-programmed numbers work `` sometimes '' . I bought AT&T ; 'cause I thought it was the best . What a mistake that was ; of course they are all made in China , which is a bigger mistake . I bought this system at Sears about a week ago and it will be boxed up and returned TOMORROW.My advice
 I purchased the AT&T 2325 after having another AT&T cordless machine for years . This model disappointed . Sound quality was poor . The machine does n't value your time when reviewing messages . It takes too much time to maneuver . Requires that you listen to time stamp with each play . The buttons are not sensitive enough . Takes too many tries to recognize remote access code . Will be returning for another machine .
 If you 're looking for more than the basics , go elsewhere . Even then , think again ! The seemingly simple task of dialing an outgoing call is complicated and risky -- oftentimes it takes 5 or 6 tries to dial a number and `` get a line '' . Speaker in handset is a plus , but that 's about all this phone has going for it !
 I purchased this phone because of the multiple mailboxes and expandable handset . I was underwhelmed . The quality of the digital voicemail recording is very poor and garbled - definitely not something you want representing you if you are a small or home-based business . And you can not record individual messages for the mailboxes - only one main message directing people to choose 1,2 or 3 . I would say my expectations were probably too high . For a basic answering machine for personal use , it 's okay . But I have returned it .
 This AT&T system worked great at first and after about 7 months of use , we can hardly dial out . We got this system as a gift for Christmas , and only a 10 months later , we can hardly use the phones . We thought AT&T would be good because of the name and the specs were great . What a mistake that was . Dialing out is a nightmare . My husband called 911 twice because the keys get stuck and dials doubles . Some of the numbers do n't even work . It takes 4-5 tries to dial a number and get a line . What happens if you have an emergency ? The key pads must be dirty . I tried opening up the phone through the battery compartment , but there is no way to get to the keypad . The redial function is also awkward to work . Speaker in handset is a plus , but when you try to go back to the regular headset on the same call , you can easily hang up on the other person ! We use three out of the four headsets that came with the phone , all of them are going bad . We took the fourth phone out to switch it with one of the bad ones and it works wonderfully . . in a couple of months , it will do the same as the others ... go bad ! Do n't buy this phone .
 If you think that a 5.8 ghz is better you might be as disappointed as I was . There were a lot of interferences , could n't go more that 10 ' from my front door and the volume keys are located in a very rediculous place . They are located at the side where you hold the phone , and without knowing it you lower the volume . I returned it .
 I have never written a review on this site before , but the poor quality of this telephone inspired me . The reception of the phone is horrible . There is so much static I always end up having to get my much cheaper cordless phone from the other room . I would advise anyone to not purchase this phone . I am just really mad I spent so much money for this piece of junk .
 The AT&T ; 5.8 ghz cordless expandable phones are nice , but do n't have enough range for a large house.If range is what you need , save yourself the time and trouble and get the Panasonic . Over the past month -LRB- August 2004 -RRB- I have tried the latest models of just about every major brand that offers 5.8 ghz multi-handset cordless phones - Uniden , V-Tech , AT&T ; -LRB- made by V-Tech -RRB- , Motorola , and Panasonic . Each of these phones is nice in its own way , but only the Panasonic had enough range to receive and send clearly from one end of the house to the other . Granted my house is big -LRB- 3,600 square feet , all on one level -RRB- , but the other brands maxed out about 2/3rds of the way through the house . I have a WiFi network in the house , and had no interference issues from that with any of these brands . I do wish the Panasonic could expand to a total of more than just 4 handsets , but that is a minor issue . Those big honking twin antennae on the base unit seem to actually work . Please note that I tried the versions without answering machines , so I ca n't offer any opinions on that part of this .
 Bought this setup for a new house where I plan on installing a 802.11 b network . I have not even thrown the boxes away and I am glad I did not . Was reading the manual , front to back , and was shocked to find the following information : Page 69 of 5840 manual , Titled
 I notice that you have a phone like I purchased , 275 , is a outrages price . I purchse a mew AT&T phone with 4 hand sets for $ 99.00 AT&T 5800 Series Hand set
 Do n't buy this product . The batteries always die and I 've replaced them twice . Now I have it sitting on the charger at all times .
 I had a Sony multiple handset phone that I LOVED . Unfortunately , I found , when I moved into a bigger house , that the phone had been discontinued , and I could no longer get additional handsets for it.I purchased the AT&T ; 5840 to replace it , and I suppose my disappointment with the handsets is probably more based on the fact that they pale in comparison to the former Sony ones , than that there is anything intrinsically wrong with them.My primary complaints with the handsets are these :1 . The blue light that indicates that the handset is charging is bright enough to make it hard for me to get to sleep at night .2 . The caller ID lists incoming calls strictly based on what the phone company has in their system -LRB- i.e. `` Cellular Call '' instead of the name of the caller -RRB- . The Sony phone would display a name for any number I had stored in memory -LRB- so if I had stored a number as `` Annoying Guy '' that is what the caller ID would say when that person called - and of course it also displayed my friends ' names or nicknames as I had entered them too -RRB- . This was particularly useful for me , as I have a terrible memory for numbers , and need a name in order to know who is calling . This is the feature I am most disappointed about losing .3 . The phone does not automatically store caller ID numbers in a format that allows me to call back with a single button press . In order to call a person back from the caller ID feature , I have to hit CID , then OPT # , and then select the appropriate number format . Although this process is not excessively difficult , it 's annoying when I used to have a phone that allowed me to simply hit ` talk ' to call a person back . It is also more difficult due to issue number 4 below .4 . The menu buttons ` wear out . ' After regularly using the menu buttons for about a year , I have found that it now requires me to really push them hard , and sometimes several times , to get them to work.I would recommend this phone to people who a -RRB- have a great memory for numbers and do n't need a name listed on the caller ID and b -RRB- people who do n't push buttons often . It does what a phone is meant to do , and so far , aside from the failing button issue , I have had no maintenance issues with it . I just became spoiled with all the features of my previous phone , and this one just does n't come close in comparison .
 After further review , I 've changed my rating.I got this sample pack of Kodak paper free when I purchased my Canon i850 -LRB- which also came with a sample pack of the Canon Photo Paper Pro -RRB- . The Kodak paper is not as good as the Photo Paper Pro . I 've had the best success printing on it with the paper type set to Photo Paper Pro . The pictures printed on it are less glossy then those printed on the Photo Paper Pro and show banding . Also the paper seems to respond poorly to chnages in temperature and humidity.The paper itself is 1/2 '' too long -LRB- 4 `` x6 .5 '' -RRB- which can leave a white border on one end if you do n't adjust for it.I would n't buy this paper , but it 's worth getting the free package to try for yourself .
 We just purchased a new Canon printer and it came with a sample pack of Canon 4x6 photo pro paper . We were printing the same photo with different color settings to see how vivid we could make the photo and ran out of the Canon paper . So , we opened the package of Kodak 4x6 paper we purchased and the size is not even the same . Kodak 4x6 paper is actually 4x6 .5 The quality of the photo compared to the other 3 we printed on the Canon paper is absolutely horrible . I belive it is b/c the paper does not absorb the ink quickly enough and beads up on the surface of the paper.Buy Canon paper it is much better .
 My Canon S750 had come with 5 sheets of Canon Photo Paper Pro , which produced excellent , borderless photos . After depleting those five , I 'd purchased a 75-pack -LRB- ! -RRB- of this Kodak Ultima paper -- a complete mistake.As others have indicated , the paper is not actually 4x6 , which is entirely misleading . Additionally , the `` gloss '' on this paper is nowhere near true-photo glossiness , as Canon 's paper had been.When these 75 are gone -LRB- ugh -RRB- , I 'll stick to Canon .
 I must say , I 'm very frustrated with this item , to the point that I , too , am writing this review when I 'm not accustomed to doing so on Amazon.com . I bought this to use with my newly purchased EPSON Stylus Photo R300 printer . This is the first printer that I bought that supports borderless printing . Excitedly , I printed out a greeting card that I had prepared yesterday to sends off to friends and relatives ; much to my dismay , there was a white strip on one edge of the printout.Determined that there was something wrong with the printer driver and/or my system -LRB- MacOSX 10.4.2 Tiger -RRB- , I went on a rampant search for a fix . I tried unistalling and reinstalling the driver ; tried different versions of the driver -LRB- one that came with Tiger , one that I downloaded from the Epson website , one that came with the printer -RRB- ; tried repairing permissions ; I was this close to doing a fresh reinstall of the OS ... at which point I had the sense to measure the paper . Lo-and-behold , the paper is NOT 4 `` x6 '' but 4 `` x6 .5 '' . Which explains the 0.5 '' white band on one edge of the printout.Unfortunately , my printer does n't support this paper size , which means in order to get a true borderless printout , I need to manually trim off the 0.5 in with an exacto knife -- which is exactly what I could have done without buying new printer.Kodak , listen to your customers ; labeling this as a 4 `` x6 '' photo paper is deceiving . Making a 4 * 6.5 paper when many printers do n't support that size is just senseless.Potential customer
 If it says 4x6 , is n't that what you should get ! I wanted to make borderless prints on my Canon i850 and ended up with a white band on top . I thought my printer was having problems till I measured the kodak paper and found out that it was much bigger . Thinking I had got a bad batch , as nowhere on the package did it say 4x7 , I e-mailed Kodak and they were not responsive . Luckily it is only paper . Imagine a higher priced item with such a neglect of information or bad service ! Stick with the canon paper ...
 This is my first review on Amazon . I decided to write it because I am completely dissatisfied with the Kodak Ultima Paper . As other reviews have mentioned , the labeling is misleading . It is NOT 4x6 paper . When you print , there is a small white band remaining . Furthermore , the quality and gloss of the paper are horrible . Stick with the Canon paper . This is a waste of money .
 I 've been involved in photography a long time and even used to have my own darkroom . I have used a lot of paper.I am moving over to digital , and wanted to give this a try since it is Big Yellow Box and all . On their site they rave about their superior coating technology etc. 9 layers of magic , and so on.I agree with other comments that on Canons -LRB- dye inks -RRB- this is not superior to Canon Pro Plus , but I would not say it was awful either . It IS different
 VERY disappointing . Canon 4x6 paper pro is way better .
 1 handset already says Out of Range permanently . I swapped batteries , but it 's the unit that is dead . At least I can go buy a new phone that is clear and does n't click every few seconds . Really quite surprised at how bad this phone is ... or shall I say was . Waste of money . Avoid this model for sure .
 Click , click , click ... Never stops clicking when talking on them . Can be heard from both ends . Bad Static . Poor range . Everything interfeeres with it . I will never buy another GE phone . I loved the look and feel . I like the features . But it 's use is rediculious . And the batteries are always going dead . Avoid these phones .
 We did n't do our usual amount of investigation when we bought this dual handset GE cordless setup ... we kind of rushed into it because our previous cordless was dying.We are really disapointed with the performance of this model . It is often very hard to hear the person you 're speaking to , and we are getting a pretty decent amount of static and fading . We had none of these issues with our previous 2.4 ghz phone . This GE combo has some really nice features as far as backlit displays and keypads , but they do n't really matter if you ca n't use the phone . I work at home several times a month and I can not listen in on conference calls or talk to customers on this phone due to the fading in and out -LRB- with both handsets -RRB- . I would try looking at a V-Tech or AT&T before buying this GE model .
 I wanted a dual handset cordless phone and since GE was the cheapest , I went ahead and purchased the phone . The phone was not at all what I expected . There was a constant hissing/clicking noice in the phone itself . The volume on the phone only goes to 4 unlike my other phone.I also noted that the caller id function did not present the numbers in the order that they called -- the date/time function did n't work properly . If it was a repeat number it would go back to the oldest date that the person called on . Also when dialing long distance from the caller id , it would not automatically put 1 in front of the number before dialing . Also , the phone is not shoulder-friendly . If purchasing this phone I would indeed purchase a headset to go along with.I eventually returned the phone and was refunded my money . I think I will spend a little extra money in purchasing a product I have long trusted .
 I ordered this phone and it is not the same phone described ! Beware , the specs are not accurate .
 If you damage or lose one of the phones you are out of luck . Called manufacture -LRB- Thompson -RRB- and they are unable to supply replacements .
 Recently purchased the GE 21006GE3 cordless phone , and returned after 2 weeks . Reception was very spotty , seemed to be jumping channels all the time . Felt like talking on a cell phone in a poor reception area . Have a 2.4 G wireless network at home , which initially was thought to be the problem . However , replaced with Vtech 2421 cordless phones , which work 100 % better in the same environment . Do n't waste your time or money on the GE product -- they have some bugs to fix first .
 Looks Great - Feels Good - Did n't Last ! As stated from other reviews - poor reception , clicking sounds . Confusing Caller Id format . -LRB- Not to mention extremely small display window -RRB- And after 1 year of gentle use , on one of the handsets , the 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , & 5 , buttons no longer functions . What a waste ! Avoid at all costs !
 I have to agree with everyone else on the reception ... i constantly have clicking sounds and ` white noise . ' If an appliance is on -LRB- such as the microwave -RRB- , the noise is unbearable . Also , I usually have to pick up the other handset after 30-40mins of a conversation because the low battery signal will start beeping in . Very , very annoying . My husband and I have had this phone for 2 years and if we did n't have cell phones we probably would have thrown this phone out the window a long time ago . This is the worst phone I have every owned .
 This phone has absolutely terrible reception . There is a constant `` white noise '' in the background and a profound click that happens every 30 seconds . I have not had one conversation on either of the handsets without having to ask the other person to repeat what they have said because of this click.Another severe disappointment is the caller id . The calls are not listed in received order . I have yet to figure out the order they are displayed , but there is no way to tell what the most recent call is without scrutinizing the date on the call.The last disappointing aspect I am reporting is that on the caller id display , any call outsite of your area code is not displayed with the preceding 1 -LRB- for long distance -RRB- . This means you may not simply hit the talk button to call back the caller on caller id . You have to punch in the number with the preceding 1 + ... There is no redeming feature on this phone to make it a worth while buy for any reason .
 Bought this set to replace 2 Panasonic cordless phones I had that for some reason have no battery life , even with new batteries ... but that 's a whole other story.The features sounded great ... ability to transfer calls from one handset to another , walkie-talkie type feature that would function even when the power is out , hold button . But I never got to try them out . These phones had the worst reception . For example ... if I was in my kitchen with the exhaust fan above the stove on , I could n't hear the person I was talking to . Even if I was in the living room sitting next to the base , the reception was horrid ... static , volume changes . Even the loudest volume setting was no help.The one thing I did like about it ... the color combination . The green and grey was very pretty.Needless to say , I returned it to Target yesterday .
 This product does not provide the telephone number of an incoming call if you are currently on the telephone . This was a feature that was stated in the product discription and my my reason for purchasing it . I was very disappointed that this product did not perform as described .
 I purchased 2 of these caller ID 's -LRB- GE 29096GE1-B -RRB- through Amazon , using on Vonage phone service . Order Date
 I came to Amazon to replace this unit , and was surprised to see it on the top of the list when I searched for Caller ID . This thing runs on 3 AA batteries and it seems to like to eat them rather quickly . The unit is always on , showing the number of calls it has received . If there are no calls , it will display `` No Calls '' . The Contrast control can be set to help , but often I 've see it reset to it 's default setting .
 I 've had one of these units for most of a year , and it has worked fine . Last week I had a strange issue with my phones working for outgoing calls , but on incoming calls we would hear a single ring , and then nothing . The caller would get that one ring and static , or just a busy signal.I had to have Embarq come out to look into this , and -LRB- long story short -RRB- he eventually traced it to this little GE unit , which apparently had a small , intermittent short . Luckily for me , the tech was kind , and reported that the problem was OUTside the house , otherwise this would have cost me upwards of $ 100 . There seem to be no alternatives to this unit , so I suppose I will have to buy another one . Next time , however , if there are any problems with my phones , it is unplugged first !
 The item shipped was a caller id box but it did not have call waiting and did not have a new call light . I shipped mine back to Amazon .
 This Caller ID died less than two years after I bought it . -LRB- I have several older ones that still work fine , but without Call Waiting ID . -RRB- In addition , it intermittently have stopped my phones from ringing - the only way I found this out was from another 1-star comment . On and off there have been messages on my voicemail service from the phone company ; phone calls that I know never rang.Now I know and out went the Caller ID.Princesschecki
 This is a piece of junk that worked ONE TIME in 2 weeks.We threw it away .
 Someone else correctly pointed out the inaccessible battery compartment . He had speculated that the problem was limited to the units produced in 2004 . Not sure the problem is limited . Mine was purchased in 2007 -LRB- although may have been produced in 2004 ?? -RRB- . The cover for the batter compartment can not be opened . Had I made any greater effort than I did , I would have broken the cover . Who approves the design of stuff like this , and why is there apparently no quality check before it gets out the door . Will never know how this item might have performed since I could n't turn it on . Lost all interest after failure to insert batteries .
 At first the caller ID box seemed to work fine . I especially liked to redial feature . However , I started having people tell me that they had tried to call me earlier but got my fax machine . The thing is , I do n't have a fax machine . I dismissed this as an oddity , but then I had a friend call me on my cell to tell me that they had been trying to get me all day on my regular phone but it was busy . Which again should n't have happened , because I was not on the phone . I then used my cell phone to call my house phone and I got a fax signal . I tried again , and this time I got a busy signal . I tried again and it finally rang through . So it was basically hit or miss if a call made it through.The phone company came out and determined it was the caller ID box that was the problem . Once removed the phone worked fine . They did say that caller ID boxes should work on the line without creating this issue . Most likely , this was going on the moment I installed the called ID box . However , since it did not affect outgoing calls I was unaware of the problem until I started getting complaints from friends . As a result , you might want to call yourself every so often to ensure that the called ID box is n't causing the incoming callers to get a fax signal or busy signal.Unfortunately , after this experience I have lost faith in the product . It 's just not worth having to wonder if it is blocking calls , or having to call yourself to ensure the product is still working . I had the product less than two months -LRB- return policy is 14 days -RRB- . So if you purchase this product , I suggest calling yourself a couple of times each week to ensure it is still working correctly due to the narrow return window .
 The LCD is barely visible , except at a narrow range of angles . The battery compartment is hard to open , without a screw driver . Requires three AA batteries -LRB- absurd -RRB- . And it 's functionality is of the most extremely basic nature , even for the price point . I hate it . It was a waste of money .
 I did not realize this caller ID did not have a lighted display . That is a disappointment . It does not pick up on all calls either . Would not purchase again nor do I recommend for purchase to anyone .
 Had a great deal of difficulty opening battery door.Since installing this unit , calls that come in have a great deal of static , for apx . 10 seconds . Same on messages left on answering machine . Have tried new cord , and batteries , but still same problem .
 When the unit runs out of battery power , it takes out the phone service on all phones in my home . Let me restate that . The phone to which it is connected , and two other phones to which it is not connected , all go dead . The first time this happened , it took me five minutes or so to isolate the problem . The second time it happened , I went right to the unit and disconnted it . Obviously , there wo n't be a third time .
 I have had a number of issues with this Caller ID product.To begin with , however , I was at fault for not reading the product description closely enough . I did n't notice that thus was a battert only powered product.The display , regardless of the angle , seems to dim for my tastes . I do n't know if this is a consequence of being battery powered.The battery compartment itself is unusually difficult to pry open and it seems that the battery needs to be replaced far to frequently , with what I would think is a low voltage appliance.I would not purchase this specific model again .
 On the good side
 1 . CALLER I.D.
 I bought this model on sale at a local store ... . I liked the features , but the reception -LRB- sound quality -RRB- was terrible , a lot of static.It is way worse than in a 900MHz phone that I have , the type one can now buy for $ 9.99 . Needless to say I returned the phone and now I am looking for a better one .
 BELLS AND WHISTLES BUT CAN YOU HEAR THEM NOW ? Sound quality is distorted and static-y , especially when someone calls you from their cell . Do you enjoy saying , `` I 'm sorry , what did you say ? '' You 'd better ! I purchased the 900mHz because it was touted as being compatible with DSL . I 'm not sure what the issue is . I have a GREAT 900 mHz phone by Lucent -- crystal clear in sound transmission , but , so old it did n't have caller ID , etc.Amazon wo n't help me . It 's been over 30 days -LRB- around 50 days -RRB- since I purchased the phone so of course they wo n't refund . They gave me a 1-800 number supposedly for GE . It is for `` Thompson Products '' who apparently make GE products now . The first try yeilded only an automated system to get info on TV/Vid/DVD -LRB- visual -RRB- products -- no mention of phones ! I 'm now on a PAID call -LRB- on hold for about 15 minutes now -RRB- to another number suggested . This is BS ! Who has time for this ?
 A bit disappointing -- the `` Line 1 '' and `` Line 2 '' switches feel flimsy and likely to break ; you really have to click them in to get a dial tone rather than press softly . The speakerphone function works like a 2 way radio , i.e. you ca n't talk and listen at the same time . If you plan to use this phone as a business phone , forget it ; it 's a toy . The speakerphone is useful only for listening purposes , and switching between lines causes a quick burst of static , at least on my model . For the price I suppose it 's OK , but if you need a work-horse phone with durability and a useful speakerphone , this is n't it .
 I bought this phone and set it up as instructed . But , immediately it would n't charge correctly . Even though the phone was sitting in the cradle the charge light was blinking off and on . It did n't matter what I did , nothing resolve the problem so I let it charge for 24 hours instead of the 12 hours GE requires . I then proceeded to test the phone and notice immediately that the Caller ID was very difficult to read . And then on several other calls the Caller ID did n't work at all . Also had to have the sound up to maximum and still was hard to listen to callers -LRB- I have no hearing problems -RRB- . Maybe all of these problems were due to the inability to get a good charge but anyways I still could n't recommend anyone buying this phone !
 This is our first 2.4 GHz phone , and it has not performed well.Praise
 I am dissapointed with the bad quality of the sound and the large difference between the volume you hear your own voice and that you hear from the caller . If you adjust the volume to hear your caller well , then you can go deaf when you hear your own voice ! Really annoying . The quality of the sound to hear recorded messages is also bad . After a few months I bought a new phone . At least it was cheap ...
 The sound quality is usually OK , but at random intervals I get sudden , loud static that drowns out the conversation . I 'd think it was interference except my other 900MHz phone -LRB- a Panasonic -RRB- is n't affected.The ringer is so incredibly awful that I turned it off and plugged my old corded phone in just so I would n't have to listen to it anymore . The ringer is extremely loud and can not be adjusted.Caller ID is bizarre , becasue the order of calls on the phone is completely different than the order of incoming calls . Plus the time-stamps are always wrong , both on caller ID and on answering machine messages.The call-back feature for caller ID simply does n't work for long-distance numbers -- because the phone will not dial `` 1 '' before dialing.This phone stinks . I 'm sorry I got it and I 'll be replacing it soon .
 I bought this phone because I needed a quick replacement for another cordless . First of all it was cheap did n't think it would be so bad . I was mistaken . After the usual 1st time charge , the reception was terrible . Tried to use it the next day the reception was still bad and people on the other end barely could hear me.Needless to say , I returned the phone the next day .
 I was very impressed with the phone , because it was a reasonable price , but after taking it home and hooking it up the caller ID does n't even work.The answering machine is really awful . This is most definitely not a good product . I would strongly advise anyone not to buy this phone . It 's pretty much was a waste of the company 's time and production .
 I too am having button problems . The 2 and 3 buttons have to be pushed insanely hard to get them to work . Other than that , I have been happy with the phone , but I am writing this review because I am shopping for a new phone because my wife is tired of building up her strength to dial .
 This phone has two MAJOR problems.First , the buttons become unresponsive and hard to press after a short period of time . We only had this phone for a few months before it became very hard to press the numbers , particularly the most-used numbers of our area code . It is now practically impossible to press the 2 button , and when you mash the 2 button with all your might , it then dials several 2 's . Second , after hanging up from a phone call or a misdialed call -LRB- see problem # 1 -RRB- , you can not immediately make another call . The phone simply will not give you another dial tone unless it has been `` off '' for a considerable period of time . This is unacceptable.We are shopping for a better phone . Shame on GE for putting out such a bad product .
 This is a decent phone and answering system for about the first year , then two major problems start . If you have cell phones , charging them anywhere close to this phone will cause these problems to appear sooner than normal.Buttons stick making it very hard to dial a number.A clear conversation might be interrupted by `` electronic noise . ''
 I purchased this unit in September . The number 3 button has to be pressed so hard in order to dial ! I have had this same problem with other brands of cordless phones . My sister also has had this problem . Sometimes its the talk button , or one of the number buttons . I have contacted the board of directors at GE in Fairfield CT regarding this .
 Phone looks very nice and takes up little space on the wall , but it 's a bad system . The display for Caller ID is bright neon and the letters are black , making for a difficult time reading who is calling.In addition , the answering system is bad because of an abnormal amount of static.Simply put , we bought this phone 4 days ago and are returning it .
 When I first brought this phone home it was wonderful . It was very compact and it had the caller ID and answering machine . After about 8 months I noticed that ALL of the numbers on the headset were VERY hard to push . After having the phone a little over a year I have noticed that it looses its charge very quickly . I would only recommend this phone if you need it for something to & amp ; quot ; hold you over & amp ; quot ; .
 I came here to give my review of this product -LRB- because I was displeased enough to take action -RRB- and was surprised to see that the other reviews echoed my exact complaints.We 've had this phone for almost a year and we 're replacing it because the buttons do n't work dependably anymore . I 've missed phone calls because the talk button would n't work when I pressed it.On top of the button issue the battery life is feeble . This phone only holds a charge for a day or so .
 I bought two units of this model . One from Amazon . Expected the first unit to be promising but yes , the talk time is too short . What can you expect from a 300mAh battery ? So , I replaced it with a 600mAh battery and so far it 's working fine . My second unit gives a static sound despite changing the channels . Sigh . Is this replaceable ?
 I have always loved V Tech phones . This one is cheap and I do mean cheap . The battery does n't last even after being on the base all day . It is a great looking phone but I need to use it not just look at it .
 okay , i wasnt expecting much when i bought this bad boy . i just wanted a phone for my bedroom that looked cool , had decent range , and was of sound quality . there are no bells and whistles with this phone , but thats fine , i didnt need any . well lo and behold , after i charged this baby up for the required amount -LRB- 12 hours -RRB- and plugged in my phone line , it was ready to roll . then i pick up the phone , im able to hear the dial tone , and im also able to hear this incessant ticking sound . like TICK , TICK , TICK . . about every second . i could time the jeopardy theme song with 30 of these annoying ticks . so i place a call , and while the ticking sound has been muted somewhat , ITS STILL THERE . tick , tick , tick . ahhh !! HELP ! i took this pice of junk back ASAP . this phone really TICKED ME OFF ! no pun inteneded . -LRB- okay , maybe a little pun intended . -RRB-
 The only problem I 've had with this phone is the complaint listed most frequently among other user reviews - crap battery life . Reception 's fine , no clicking , etc. on the ones I bought -LRB- got one for my girlfriend too -RRB- , but the battery life is for total garbage . Talk more than ten minutes or so , and it goes dead . Leave it off the handset overnight , and it goes dead . A replacement battery costs more than the phone , and I do n't think it matters - the batteries just plain suck . Someone wrote something about 300Amphs or something , so maybe that 's something to look out for when buying a new phone , because you 'll have to after this one drives you up the wall . I think electornics manufacturers are all engaged in a big conspiracy to sell new batteries at outrageous prices -LRB- there 's no uniformity , so you 're stuck with the maker 's models -RRB- . Give me some hunker phone that works on double AAs .
 I bought this phone and returned it the next day ! the reception was terrible . Couldnt even hear the dial tone it was so full of static
 This phone is pure garbage . Although there is a volume control on the receiver , it does not help at all . Mine has caller ID on the handset , reception is fine , so is the lack of static , but I have to strain to hear . STAY AWAY . I WILL NOT BUY VTECH AGAIN . I paid $ 25 for this phone , but it is n't worth $ 5 . When I tried to take it back , without a receipt to Target , I was told I could only swap it for the EXACT SAME PHONE . NEEDLESS TO SAY THE 2ND PHONE IS JUST AS BAD AS THE FIRST ONE . I love shopping at Target , but I am stuck with this piece of junk !
 pure static , all channels ... . person on other end could barely hear me . do n't waste your time or money .
 DO NOT buy this phone ... like most others here I have had nothing but trouble with the battery ! After a few months , the battery on my first unit failed and would n't hold a charge so I got a new one ... this one has the same problems ! Sometimes the phone refuses to charge at all , and when it does I can talk for less than an hour before the phone beeps ` low battery ' and shuts off.It was the cheapest phone at Best Buy and now I know why ... you get what you pay for !
 I bought this phone to replace another and it is the biggest hunk of garbage ever ! Brand new , the battery only last 5 minutes max . A new battery did not solve this problem , either . I will not buy anything Vtech again .
 Okay so the best thing about this phone ... it was a gift . Meaning I did n't shell out any money for this piece of junk , even if it is a cheap phone . Sure it looks cute , sure it comes from a very reliable phone manufacturer BUT it has bad reception and mine stopped working 4 months after receiving it as a housewarming gift . Save your money , and your friends the hassle , and buy a nicer if more expensive basic phone !
 I liked the message center feature and speaker phone which is why I bought it . Unfortunately it stopped working about 5 months after I got it . Just does n't dial the numbers at all after it 's been off the charger a while . Sometimes it works if you keep switching channels . Of course since I threw it at the wall it does n't work at all . I only paid $ 25 for it on QVC so it really does n't even pay for me to pack it up and ship it for repair . Spend your money on a Toshiba .
 I 've tried to use this phone as my business phone for some time . I 've got a headset and I ca n't get enough volume out of it . If you dial a number and hit the talk button the phone will sometimes skip digits and you will get an error.I will not be buying GE phones again .
 This phone was definately not worth the money.The sound quality is very poor -- sounds very tinny with an echo . Long distance phone calls are muffled , and the volume does n't go very high . Reception is fine , but I would n't recommend this phone . One could probably find a phone for cheaper and of a better quality . Do n't buy GE .
 For some reason the phone will not capture long distance CID information where all my other phones will ; calls from within the programmed `` Local Area Codes '' all capture fine . Ergonomics are OK , but you will need to keep an external CID box inline with the phone to make sure you 're not losing call information - kind of defeating the point of a phone having built-in CID . A Panasonic speakerphone and external CID box may be a better , though pricier choice .
 I had to return this phone because of the level of the background noise , which I found unacceptable . The sound quality was not very good on mine . When you turn up the volume to hear the other person better , of course the noise gets amplified as well . The other problem I noticed with it was that I could hear my own voice stronger than what I am used to . This can be problematic when both parties happen to speak at the same time . You can miss some of the other person 's words because of the echo of your own voice .
 We were satisfied with this phone for 14 months . Then one day we came home and there was a static sound coming out of the speaker . It got gradually louder and then went silent . The loud beep when pressing keys is gone as well as the speakerphone and the caller ID . Unfortunately , it was covered by a 1 year warranty . Now we have to find a replacement .
 I like all the features of this phone , especially the great display and the automatic saving of phone numbers from your received calls . It 's very easy to just save them into your directory.If only the sound quality were better . We 've had it 2 years , and now there is static on the line and the speakerphone fades in and out.They do n't make em like they used to .
 It makes very annoying and loud beeping sounds every time you touch it . Another very annoying thing about this phone is that there is no manual option to set/change time and date . Although the manual states that the time and date will be corrected with each incoming call , it has not changed once yet ! As mentioned in the earlier reviews by others , the display is really hard to see when it is placed flat on the desk .
 It makes very annoying and loud beeping sounds every time you touch it and has no volume control to lower the beeping sound or turn it off . Another very annoying thing about this phone is that there is no manual option to set/change time and date . Although the manual states that the time and date will be corrected with each incoming call , it has not changed once yet -LRB- So , unless you plan to turn the phone on exactly at the beginnig of the year , you ca n't change the stupid time and date -RRB- ! As mentioned in the earlier reviews by others , the display is really hard to see when it is placed flat on the desk .
 If you have n't guessed already , I think this phone is AWFUL . It 's so bad , I am merely using this review as an opportunity to vent about how truly stupid this phone is . I normally do n't waste my time writing product reviews but this one is especially deserving . I actually came over here to Amazon to specifically search for this phone in hopes that it was listed here so I could vent . Yes , I have no life , but I feel I need to vent somewhere , and this was the only place I could find . I feel that strongly about this piece of junk.We got stuck with these lousy excuses for a phone at work when my employer got cheap on us and decided to switch phone systems . The biggest and most serious complaint I have is that the phone handset has got to be the DUMBEST shape possible ! The fool thing is nearly impossible to rest on your shoulder and use hands-free . No matter what I do , the handset just keeps squirting out from my shoulder , usually landing on my desk with a loud THUD ! It 's so hard to hold this ridiculous piece of junk , you 'd think it was something Johnson Smith should sell as a practical joke item , right next to the Dribble Glasses and plastic dog poop . I 've even tried adding giant squishy phone rest stick-on gizmos to the handset to no avail . I doubt it would be possible to design a more irritating , impractical shape . Those geniuses at Advanced -LRB- ha ! -RRB- American Telephones who `` designed '' -LRB- HA ! -RRB- this thing must not have bothered to try USING this phone , or they never would 've shipped it.I agree with the other complaints listed by other reviewers . The phone base is angled weird and it 's hard to view the display at the phones `` native '' angle . The snap-on stand can be installed in an alternate configuration that 's even worse than the original . I wound up hot gluing a custom stand to the phone to prop it up at a more conducive angle . I practically had to hot glue it to my desk to keep it from falling over , though . Bad design ! The date and time on the phone can not be adjusted if you do n't have the proper service set up with your phone company . I actually wound up unplugging/replugging the power supply to this phone in at 12 a.m. one morning just to get the clock to read correctly ! The ringer is also one of the most annoying sounds I 've heard on a phone , so much worse than our previous phone system . It just adds another annoyance to the work environment . -LRB- Be nice to your coworkers and turn the ringer to LOW , preferably OFF . -RRB- I got so frustrated with the ringer that I took the phone apart -LRB- do n't tell my boss -RRB- to see if I could substitute a digital sound chip for the ringer . I think I found a spot that I could use to trigger an electronic whoopie cushion toy I bought at the toy store the other day ... Unless you 're a contortionist with Cirque Du Soleil or have a head the shape of a C-clamp , give up on this phone . It 's maddening . Bad , bad , BAD design . -LRB- There , I feel better ... -RRB-
 Big time design flaw on this . I just returned the phone because when it is sitting on a desk , you ca n't possibly see the caller id readout . It is tilted towards the back of the phone so you have to stand up everytime you get a call . Might be okay as a wall phone .
 This phone is terrible for decent use . The caller-id is impossible to see and the speaker phone is low quality . It 's definitely a low quality product .
 I 'm amazed at this design flaw . I do n't have space to wall mount this phone , so It must sit on my desk . However , when it sits on the desk , the display is tilted backwards -LRB- away from the person sitting at the desk -RRB- , so I must stand up to read caller id display -LRB- to decide if I want to answer the phone -RRB- . How annoying . The whole reason I got a speakerphone was so that I could work uninterrupted at my desk if I wanted to answer calls . Now I have to stop my work and stand up to decide . If you can wall mount this phone , the display would be easily visible , and the phone might otherwise work great . I never got as far as to try it .
 everything works on the phone just fine out of the box -LRB- to those who disparage the unit being hard to read - just snap on the enclosed piece of plastic with legs to elevate the display ... if you read setup instructions that are enclosed it is pretty plain to follow -RRB- , however after only 5 or 6 months of use , the unit has completely failed . I can not dial out or pick up an incoming call . the warranty -LRB- of course -RRB- has expired ... so into the trash can it goes I guess . I expect more out of products than just a 6 month service life . stay away from this model and find a better quality alternative !
 My office installed these phones.Here are the cons : First , loud beep can not be switched off.Second , no speed dial.Third , when on a call you ca n't access another number eg if you dial your cell phone voicemail with one number and when it picks up you want to input the access code and the password - you ca n't do that with this phone.Fourth , no speed dial.Fifth , accessing the directory when you hit the button , it seems to put you into edit mode instantly . Trying to access some numbers I managed to have accidentally entered a whole bunch of caller id 's . Sixth , display is hard to see , but if you turn contrast down to minimum -LRB- 1 -RRB- then it is OK , but still at an awkward slant.Pros : One Its cheapTwo Its OK to look at , nice and white.Summary . I hate it . I 'm thinking of buying my own phone for work .
 Reverse Polish Notation -LRB- RPN -RRB- calulators use an < enter > key and do not have an < = > . Look closely at the image for this product
 Please , I 'm begging you , go buy the casio fx-115ms instead.Don ' t say I never gave you anything
 I bought the VTECH HELIO PDA based on the comparatively low price for the 8mb storage and the high rating of another AMAZON reviewer . I was terribly disappointed . First , the battery life is 2-3 days with the PDA in the OFF state , i.e. with no use . I tested this by replacing the AAA batteries 3 times with fresh cells . This is unacceptable ; I lost data twice when the batteries drained . -LRB- This inidcates a poor design in power supply stage of the device . -RRB- Secondly , the non-Palm OS is subject to numerous protection fault errors ; this plagued me during scheduling operations , causing me to reset the PDA more than a dozen times , losing data each time . This is a case where you get what you pay for ; I 'm going to get another PalmIIIxe or a Handspring Deluxe to replace the HELIO .
 I recently bought the VTech Helio , I have , also , recently returned my Vtech Helio . Now , let me tell you why and you can judge my experience for yourself . It seemed to be perfect at first because , let us be honest , those features were a whole lot for the buck . And the applications , although not as thorough and user friendly as on other systems , were satisfactory . But the only programms I could find to download were tetris and one to figure out exact tips . Also , I could not download internet pages , like the New York Times . That made a difference . Finally the voice recorder froze the entire system almost infallibly , meaning I had to reset it and wait several minutes to restart it . Talk about a headache . But they might have improved that bug by now . I have owned and used the Helio , PalmIIIxe , and the Visor deluxe . The Helio has the style , the features , and the Price . But it does not perform to expectations .
 I was so excited about my first PDA -- until I tried to sync it with Outlook on my PC . It completely scrambled all of my appointments . Events that were 3 months old showed up again on different days at different times . A complete mess ! I called Vtech 's tech support in a panic . They were very friendly , but I was on the phone with them for an hour with no fix . It is in the box ready to return !
 when i bought my vtech helio i was initially amazed at what you get for the price . the voice recorder , 8mb expandable to 16 and cic jot instead of graffiti . this was then that i started looking for a new pda . there are hardly any apps for the device and it runs P.O.S. OS . i saw that the palm IIIxe was a comparable price to the vtech with most of the same features except the voice recorder . i was very pleased to find out also that there was a keyboard for the palm of which there was not ofr the vtech helio . just dont by the product please . do some comparison shopping also ... just dont by the product and dont waste your time and money .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . In fact , I advise against buying ANY Helio or VTech product . On top of selling a product that has yet to run properly in the two months that I 've owned it , Helio 's customer service and technical support is a travesty . They simply do not care if you are unhappy with their product and are not focused on improving your situation or making their customers happy . I am in the midst of sending scathing letters to the President , head of customer service and head of technical support demanding a full refund . Amazon.com should no longer carry these products .
 This item had good reviews at xmas , so I decided to try it out as a gift . I have never been more disappointed with a product . The batteries run out in less than a day even when it is not turned out . The sync is terrible . It seems to take and then everything is lost . Sometimes it will sync to outlook , other times it wo n't . I am wasting huge amounts of time trying to re-enter info and replace batteries to keep anything for longer than a day .
 I was very impressed with the features that the Helio had for the advertised price . No other PDA can compare . Unfortunitely , the Helio would constantly get several system error alarms that would lock up the device . I was initially so impressed that I encouraged a friend to purchase one . He experienced the same problems and is now on his second Helio and it eats batteries big time . I sent mine back and am now in the market for a new PDA . If Vtech works out the bugs , the Helio will definately be the best PDA for your buck .
 I bought the Helio for myself and was extremely excited to receive it . The first one I got did not synch so I had a new one sent to me . The next one synched great and I was so pleased the many things I could do with it . I soon realized that the battery life is about 36 hours -LRB- while not even using it ! -RRB- Imagine if I had it turned on all the time . It 's a good thing that it synchs so easily so if any info was lost I could quickly retreive it . It is ridiculous that you should change the battery virtually each day . I will be returning this product as soon as I 'm done writing this . If it were n't for the battery issue I think this is a great deal and a good product . PS -- I wrote to VTech customer support and have not received an answer for 8 days now . One time I called them and they spoke to me immediately and were terrific ! The next time I called I had to leave a voice mail and they called back 2 days later . I am currently waiting for another call back -LRB- 2 days ago -RRB- .
 Very , Very , Very raw device with very adventure OS and application . I 've bought it due to of wide range of announced abilities , but the software is unreliable and every 20 min crashed the Helio . The Helio kill batteries in 1 day using . The synchronization process stupid and works exactly like other Helio application.END
 I returned this cabinet twice due to damage sustained in shipping . The metal is so thin that it can apparently bend if the cabinet gets banged around . The thin metal and the way the sliding top is secured to the base made me think that even if it were not damaged in transit , it would probably break from normal use . That twice the cabinet broke in transit is because the manufacturer 's packaging is inappropriate and the cabinet itself is so thin that normal handling apparently caused it to break twice . I saw elsewhere on the Internet that I am not the only one to have the problem . This is the best price I found by far and AMAZON was great in first exchanging it and then returning it . I will look for a better product .
 This is an HP calculator without Reverse Polish Notation entry . This is very similar to TI calculators with an algebraic-type notation input . Those of us who have used the very intuitive -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- RPN over the years , I am astounded that this is an HP calculator that fails to mention that it is not RPN ; not on the box , not on the Amazon description , nowhere . I would return this calculator other than the anti-theft package is destroyed after opening -LRB- so it is not returnable -RRB- , to only find it is a TI-like algebraic input.If you expect RPN -LRB- which I did in any HP calculator -RRB- DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I purchased this unit with some high hopes directly from HP a few years back . At that time it was on on sale far below Amazon 's going price range . I believe it was priced so low because 1 -RRB- they/HP had way too many of these units in stock and 2 -RRB- because a decision had consiously been made by upper level HP management to get rid of this entire line of Algebraic-only type calculators -LRB- like the HP30s , etc. -RRB- . If 2 -RRB- was indeed the situation , I agree with the decision on their part completely . There were decisions made then about creating a whole line of similar HP calculators that were bad decisions in my opinion too . Thankfully that group -LRB- management and calculators -RRB- is gone and an effort is now being made at least to bring back what they have been traditionally known for in the remains of the handheld calculator world - Quality engineered , great products which will last a very long time if treated with some respect . Hopefully with the addition of the HP35s with both the EOS -LRB- the Equation Operating System -RRB- as well as RPN -LRB- the Reverse Polish Notation Operating System -RRB- some two years ago and recent comittments to make the very small HP QuickCalc in an RPN only version too , they are now on their way to restoring the tradition for their future development as a quality company for this once very large marketplace item . Sentry in fact now makes such a low-priced graphing calculator machine -LRB- available for as low as $ 21.95 in stores -RRB- so if HP visits this marketing option again they better be prepared to also compete in today 's marketplace.This machine was so very bad -LRB- even if it did indeed provide very very simple graphics at an extremely low resolution and at a very slow plotting rate as well -RRB- that when I offered to even send it back to HP at my own expense -LRB- because I was so very disappointed -RRB- , they asked instead for me to to donate it to my favorite charity ! For example , it had very few and quite limited plotting capabilities and users could not even have the ability to make their own choices or to try to change factory settings and other necessary control options . There were also no self-tests available to make sure that the machine if briefly acting strangely was working properly either , tests which have become standard on all quality HP calculators from almost their very beginnings . It was a decently made machine and very small and light to be sure , but the available math capability was about at the 9th grade level or even lower . Perhaps students at that level could have fully appreciated it -LRB- at least students that were mathematically very challenged who might have really appreciated it -RRB- , but all I wanted at that time was a relatively cheap , graphical plotting machine that also didi n't cost as much as the famous Texas Instruments , TI-83 / 84 series . However the HP9G was not marketed by HP as a Middle school level plotting unit either .
 I 'm begging you not to buy this calculator . It is not just terrible , it is REALLY terrible.Oh , sure , it does a little graphing and will calculate the tax on a new Xbox , but what you ca n't see in this picture is that the graphing window has fewer pixels than the icons on your desktop -LRB- really -RRB- . It is USELESS as a graphing calculator.But that 's not all , the number display is so small that it 's almost impossible to see the decimal point , and there are no comma 's in the display , so you ca n't tell the magnitude of the number -LRB- quick , how many zeros
 This is the second Acroprint that my company has owned , and both models were essentially identical ... That is , neither of them keep time reliably . Every time we have a power outage , the clock speeds up ; once I reset the time , for a day or two it will gain at least 10 minutes every hour . It will finally slow down & keep accurate time , until the power goes out again.Adjusting the time & date is a royal pain as well . The advancing levers -LRB- to manually adjust the minutes , day , & hour -RRB- may or may not actually advance the corresponding dial . Advancing the hour dial does not advance the hour hand on the time clock , you have to do that manually . Did I mention that if you inadvertently advance the hour hand counterclock-wise , there is a very good chance that the screw that holds the minute hand will loosen , & fall into the clock assembly with the minute hand.This is one expensive piece of crap . I do n't know what brand or model I will be purchasing to replace this boat anchor , but I can tell you that it wo n't be an Acroprint .
 I loved the features for this phone , I mean how fun ringtones , faceplates , flashing antena 's . Its a cell phone lovers dream . But unfortuantely like a cell phone it is n't a clear call maker . It makes a popping , yes I read the reviews before purchasing and I thought it was just their faulty phone , I was wrong . Were not just talking one popping noise it happens through the whole time you are on the phone about every 10-15 sec . It sounds like someone keeps pressing flash and swithching lines . It got so frustrating that I finally gave up my cool features and went for a phone that just worked . I guess we will have to wait for them to work out the quirks and try again in a year .
 I bought this phone at a local store . I was anxious to get it home and set up the cool features . I brought it home , unpacked it and set it up to charge for the recomended 12 hours . I followed the directions exactly as written . At the end of the 12 hours I picked up the phone and made a call . I was happy with the quality of the sound until I left the room where the base was located . Like others have said , it started popping . It sounded like fireworks . A small pop then a short fizzy sound . This started when I was only about 15 feet away from the base . As I got further away it became worse . It started popping 2 or 3 times per second . I could n't hear what the other person was saying . So I hung up and decided I would move the base unit to another room and try it . This time I placed the base on a high shelf in a room with no electronic equipment except for a lamp which I did not turn on . I placed another call . Again , it started popping as I was walking away from the base . I moved the base one more time and got the same results . So , I packed it back up and I will be returning it tomorrow . I can get something that works for less that what I paid for this phone . So , here 's the pros and cons : Pros : Cool lookA lot of featuresCons : It does n't work!Cheap plastic partsLow volume on the handsetDoes n't hold your shoulderNever got to use the featuresThe Final Word : Good idea , bad execution .
 I bought the gz2456 phone because my sister and brother in law have a Vtech phone that they said they were happy with . Unfortunately , the handset could n't connect to the base after charging . I returned it for another gz2456 , and the second one worked , but within a week , the sound quality went downhill . There was a lot of static , and sometimes the sound would go out altogether for a second or two . I also tried to upload midi files for ringtones with the included software , but perfectly good sounding midi songs sounded terrible and extremely choppy once they were transferred to the phone . I decided to take the second one back and get a completely different phone . The static may have been interference with my wireless LAN , but the phone just was n't very good overall anyway .
 VERY VERY POOR . I HAVE HAD THIS PHONE FOR ABOUT TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- WEEKS NOW ITDOES NOT WORK . I THOUGHT MY OLD PHONE WAS BAD , BUT I WAS WRONG , IT IS200 % BETTER THAN THE V-TECH . WILL NEVER BUY AGAIN FROM AMAZON AND THESELLER.PETER
 This phone is awful . Good for a kid and thats about it . It hard to hear and get lots of clicking noises . Not happy !
 This phone worked fine , for awhile . But after shortly over a year , the battery barely holds a charge . The phone dies after a very short time -LRB- I can only assume this has something to do with the complex ringtones , and the fact that the volume must be turned up all the way if we are to hear the phone ringing from across the house . -RRB- Unfortunately , we are stuck listening to the Rocky theme when our phone rings , because the `` normal '' ringing phone sounds this thing produces are shrill and obnoxious . My stepdaughter may like the Christina Aguilera songs the phone plays , but my husband and I are less than thrilled with the ring selections . I can not recommend this phone , at least not for an adult 's use .
 I bought this phone from staples and its like free after mail in rebate . Everything works fine , ring tone is great ... lights on phone is nice and cool when it rings . But ... . the phone dont ring if it 's on a cradle for charging . What a waste ... who the hell in this world can make a phone like this which doesnt ring when its charging on a cradle .
 This is a great idea but the tabs are flimsy . We went back to the regular tabs.I also had a hard time getting the tabs to stay upright .
 I bought this phone at a major retail store on clearance for $ 25 , and I was initially pleased because I like AT&T phones , and I do n't need lots of bells and whistles . All the features it describes are there and the speakerphone works well , hence my generous 2 star rating . But the extremely frustrating low volume from the handset is inexcusable , and I DO N'T have a noisy house . I 'd developed cauliflower ear from trying to hear what the person on the other end is saying . There 's also an annoying flashing red light at the top that blinks after each new message -LRB- separate from the New Message flashing lighted button -RRB- that can only be halted by hitting the last incoming call CID check button - I see no reason for this feature . Trust me , buy anything else .
 The black look like some gray funky tye-dye crap . I purchased these for a business and they are not professional . I could n't have spend the same amount of money for better stuff at walmart . What a waste . So unhappy with this purchase .
 We ordered these and they were canceled from the manufacturer . . so being a teacher I needed them and loved the price but never got to see if they were good quality or not
 Imagine my surprise when i open up the box of folders for my class lesson and only 20 folders are inside instead of 25 ... So 5 people will be missing folders !!! I can not believe it !!! How can people sell these kind of ` false ' items !!! Teachers are counting on these products , especially if we paid money and it says 25 folders are in the box -LRB- not 5 less -RRB- ! It can happen to you too !
 I would suggest not ordering this tape . Text has that it is for case of 9 rolls and only received 1 roll . Spoke with Amazon chat and had second order sent out for free and received 1 roll AGAIN . Received refund for their error .
 I did not enjoy using this tape at all . It is the worst I have ever seen . It is similar to those cheap tapes you can usually find in ... Stay away from this and save your money or spend it on something else like 3M 's tape .
 phone just stopped working after 4 months.I love the phone , sounds quality , ease of use , except it just died for no apparent reason.I 'm waiting to hear back from the seller and see what options I have.Super bummed right now .
 The phone only works with a telephone system control unit , you can not plugged anywhere.The user guide is not in English language.I ask for the correct user guide and they said to me that I have to find it by myself .
 This item was poorly made and only one of the six keys worked . I contacted the company on the day it arrived to try and get a replacement . They ignored my email . I will not be purchasing anything from this company again !
 The file folders are of poor quality . The majority not folded straight and mis-aligned to a point they would n't fit straight into a file box . Decided to return the two boxes quickly due to such poor quality for the high price paid .
 I have used this product for years and have been extremely happy with the size and format . This year they changed it and there is only ONE page for every letter . Do people only have 8 contacts per letter ? I ca n't find anything else this size -LRB- it fits in my purse -RRB- and I have to go to another product . You have lost me as a customer unless you change this format . So angry !
 I was very disappointed when I received this replacement for my old Week-at-a-Glance address book . The old one had about three pages in each tabbed section , but this has only the tabbed pages . Nothing else . Yet it costs $ 11.86 ! There is hardly any space to write your information.Don ' t buy this - it will only make you as angry as it made me .
 I was not happy upon reception of the product . I feel that I wasted my money . The holder is tiny . Paid $ 15 for it and ca n't give it away !
 Ick . I wish I had read the product description more carefully -LRB- I guess I was blinded by the stunning Jayhawk , and did n't read -RRB- . This is not really a nice , big , cushy mousepad . This is a little thin piece of plastic that somehow is supposed to be some miracle substance that is `` better '' than the old thick mousepads you know and love . Despite claims on the package that it 's been scientifically proven to be a better mousepad , and do all sorts of wonderful stuff , it really seems to me just like a little thin , hard piece of plastic that just as easily could be sold for 79 cents.One star as a mouse pad ; one extra star for the Jayhawk . Rock Chalk !
 This is almost non-functional with a mouse ... has the look , but is way too slippery . Table top or couch actually works BETTER than this . Should not be called a mouse pad .
 I want a phone that my houseguests can use to make calls on my Skype account while i am at work . The buttons on this phone stick and enter the same numeral several times when pushed only once
 I ordered 3 Wilson Jones 3 '' hanging binders . Two of the binder were not usable . Amazon did replace them quickly , however the two replacements still had split covers . They can be used but needed to be taped .
 I found the light to be bright , but itconsistently came apart in my pocket.One day , it broke.Do not buy this !
 This mouse pad is slick and lets you zip around with little friction . The only downside is when you try to be precise , the mouse moves all over the place . Imagine trying to click on something and you see it suddenly tries to drag it . All I did was click , but the pad is so slick it moves the mouse just a hair . I 've used multiple optical mice with it , and it 's better to use the cheapo mouse pads because of this .
 Tried two of these AllPoS Accutrack mouse pads and they both curled up and will not lie flat , see photo . This is right out of the package , without any exposure to the sun . How accurate is the mouse tracking when the mouse rolls to the middle of the pad on its own due to the curled up pad ? In addition , the contact cement attaching the hard plastic top to the rubbery underlayment comes unglued after a few months . I found it sort of amusing that the pad flattened out a bit once the two layers become delaminated . I wish I could give it less than 1 star .
 Right after I purchased this mousepad , it started to cup or bowl . The actual surface is great , mouse is really responsive . Unfortunately , I 've pretty much been restricted to the middle of the mousepad as the sides are unusable . Would return it , but I got rid of packaging - when does a mousepad break ? Apparently , this one does . If they could correct problem , great mousepad .
 I got this as a replacement for my other mousepad that had literally worn out . After a short period of time the hard plastic surface began to cup making it hard to use except in the very middle of the pad . Being plastic you can try to un-cup the pad but why should you have to bother?Try either the Steelseries pads or the WOWpads . For the same price they are infinitely better . The Steelseries pad is my favorite .
 As others have mentioned , this mouse pad `` cups '' or curls up . You ca n't really uncurl it either . This makes it virtually useless , as it does n't lie flat on the surface of your desk or table . Allsop has to be aware of this problem . Their failure to address this is disgraceful . This product should be taken off the market if they are incapable of improving it to where it does not curl up . Do not buy this product .
 The pad was awesome at first . Low profile , stuck to desktop , great tracking . Barely noticed it was there.Then , it lost all adhesion to the tabletop , and began to curl up like an old poster . I reverse curled it , heated it , everything . Its useless . Now it moves everwhere the mouse moves , and is thus worse than the bare tabletop . Waste of money .
 I am using five of this product -LRB- 385-49B -RRB- . The pages slip through the rings . The two halves of each ring do not fit positively together and do not stay together well . I used them according to instructions -- open only by depressing the metal snap tab -- but they still do n't work well . I ca n't understand how it could be hard to make a decent 3-ring binder -- and this is the `` Heavy Duty '' model . Highly disappointed after more than one year of light use .
 Used it for about 8 months until the 1 , 5 , and 9 buttons stopped working . It 's great that I only paid ... for it , so I do n't feel so bad throwing it away .
 The AT&T 955 is a pack animal - they work best with their own kind or their cousin , the 964 -LRB- wth answerer -RRB- . We have a mix of AT&T , Uniden and V-Tech multi-line analog phones at our small office , and found the following problems :1 -RRB- Calls placed on hold at the 955 and picked up at another extension do not clear the on-hold indicator and the phone bleeps on-hold warnings even though another extension has already taken the call . Further , once the call is terminated , the 955 does not register the fact , and holds the line open , forcing you to return to the 955 and physically hang up .2 -RRB- The 955 would tie the lines together unexpectedly . Pick up Line 1 , and Lines 3 and 4 would light -LRB- and yes , we triple-checked our premise and LEC wiring for problems ! -RRB- . In conclusion - In for a penny , in for a pound . Buying an AT&T 955 or 964 means going exclusively with that product for your office . That 's just not flexible enough for us .
 Dissappointing performance . A single phone call can put this system out of commission for close to 2 minutes , bad luck if you are one of the other 3 lines trying to call . Annoying features include the accompanyment to the other 3 lines ... if miraculously , someone does get through to the answering machine but does n't dial an extension , or hangs up , the system holds on to this call and makes all extensions ring for 20 minutes . What do you call that , `` bonus pain ? '' . This might be a good system for someone who gets one phone call per day , but its a recipe for disaster for anyone ... no make that EVERYONE else
 I 'm now stuck with three telephones that I can not get a replacement handset . Other handsets do not work well on this phone so I find I 'm out of luck . The handsets are fragile and break easily . I now have to replace all my phones . Here is the reply from AT&T / Advanced American Telephone ... Dear Jim , Thank you for your recent inquiry to our Customer Service Help Desk.Unfortunately , Advanced American Telephones does not sell the handsets or the bases as separate parts of our products.We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.Sincerely , MarlonNational Service CenterAdvanced American Telephones
 Guys , I 've owned this phone now for one year and let me tell you that this phone has constant problems . Sometimes when I press the number one line , both the number one line and the number three line will light up !! That 's right , two lines come on at the same time !! I regret the day I bought this thing .
 We purchased 3 of the AT&T ; 955 phones for a small business . After about a week , they all have had their quircky problems .1 . One of the handsets broke , luckily they actually sent me a new one .2 . Occassionally when you pick up line 1 line 3 lights up -LRB- seems to be a common problem -RRB- .3 . The lines `` hum '' periodically . After contacting the trouble shooting desk , they recommend I get the jack replaced , well , it still does it .4 . They do not work well with cordless phones , the lines do not release , unless you do it manually.I am in the process of returning these and getting something else , they ARE NOT DEPENDABLE .
 This phone has a lot of great features like a 2.5 mm headset input and 4 lines.There are three negatives : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The phone is black . Nothing else on my desk is totally black so it stands out . Why not a dove gray or something similar ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- The dialing buttons are very small . The phone has plenty of room for bigger buttons but for some reason AT&T ; went with little buttons . Why ? Clearly , morons were hard at work to screw something up this simple . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The caller-ID display should be tilted up so you can see it better . As it is now , you have to lean up to look down at the phone so you can see the caller-ID . Otherwise , a good phone for the price.EDIT as of 7/28/03
 We bought 2 phones for our home office on march 23 . 2004 . The 2 phones have been returned 7 times . Today , we will get full credit from Staples for the phones : Problems 964
 Very disappointed with the performance of this phone from ATT . Speed dial is useless , you need to press so many keys it is easier to look up the number . Caller ID only works on one line at a time . The keypad locks up once in awhile and requires pulling power from the phone to make it work again . Sometimes the phone `` senses '' a call waiting and mutes out the caller 's voice for a few seconds at a time . And the last is the best ; when answering a line , the phone will sometimes -LRB- not often -RRB- conference another line in and I get to speak to my customer on one line , and we both listen -LRB- at the same time -RRB- to a loud dial tone from another.Final opinion
 The handset on this phone is way too weird to use comfortably and the phone is so light that the base gets dragged around by the handset when you are using it . I like the AT&T 210 Trimline phones -LRB- which are supposedly discontinued , but easy to find on Amazon.com -RRB- much better .
 the phone itself and the caller id features work well , but putting buttons on the back of the handset is really dumb . it 's very easy to inadvertantly push one of those buttons when holding the handset , and propping the phone between your ear and shoulder is a virtual guarantee that you 'll do things like put people on hold unintentionally
 We 've had this phone for over a year , and hate it . The batteries seem to die very quickly , leaving you with no lighted buttons , no way to see the caller-ID , and deleting any programmed phone numbers .
 I have owned this phone for over a year now and it has had numerous problems with the caller id . Now it will show the caller calling but as soon as you pick up the phone it looses it 's memory . If you have had 5 calls between the time you viewed it last and when you come home you better view them all because they are ALL GOING TO DISAPPEAR as soon as you lift the handset . I ca n't figure it out for the life of me why it 's doing this . I have had problems with it since I got it and wish I had taken it back as soon as I found out it was problematic . Would I purchase it again - NO WAY .
 I purchased this telephone based on the features , and the name -LRB- AT&T -RRB- . There was a time when you could buy any AT&T phone and be assurred of it 's quality . Not any more ! The hand set gives an echo to every word I speak , making it very unpleasant to use . People on the other end tell me I come across fine , but hearing your own words reverberating in your ears while speaking is very bad indeed . I 'm returning this product . Save yourself the return trip to the store , or return postage , and buy something else .
 This phone has a fatal flaw . When you talk even a bit loudly you hear a distorted echo of your own voice . This is so annoying that I had to return this phone . Another negative is that none of three headsets that I tried worked well with this phone . These problems are unfortunate since most other aspects of this product were quite good .
 I have owned this phone for about a month . Lots of nice features . However , the phone has started to cause a lot of static and cuts in and out occasionally . I would not recommend as an office phone .
 Do n't expect this phone to last more than a year or two . Very disappointing .
 I recently purchased the AT&T 436 and it displays call made from land lines as it should . But calls made from AT&T wireless phones do n't register , instead it displays `` error present '' or `` line error '' . Strange , my other caller ID devices , including an AT&T wall phone , Bell South caller ID box and a Panasonic wireless phone all display both cell and land line numbers . What 's even more interesting is this AT&T caller ID box is specifically rejecting calls from it 's own AT&T family . Go figure ! I returned it for a full refund .
 This is supposed to display the caller information , and store up to 100 calls in memory . The display of the current call works , but after getting several calls in memory the characters change to display complete gibberish when looking back at the history . If you have a use for the call history , do n't buy it because it does n't work .
 I had this for not even a month , and then it just totally stopped working . I could n't get it to turn on.And , when it was workinga -RRB- it was really hard to see the numbers on the screen andb -RRB- the voicemail light would often blink even when there was no message and no new phone call.Total waste of money .
 I am on my second unit and the caller ID/call waiting feature does n't work .
 The AT&T 436 had a short-circuit after 3 months of use . It brought our phone line to its knees . It took a Verizon technician an hour to trace our phone trouble to one little caller-ID box gone bad . Our phone line was out for two days .
 Original Review
 I wish I had saved all the packing stuff for this piece of junk . It seemed to work , for a while . After a time , it just punked out , and I just threw it away . Since then , I have replaced all my phones with ones that display caller id , and I am -LRB- reasonably -RRB- happy with them.You 'd think an old name like AT&T ; would think before they put their logo on junk like this . Time was , everything from the phone company -LRB- remember ? THE phone company -RRB- was made to last .
 After reading the previous 8 reviews I am beginning to understand why I am experiencing problems . These reviews have helped me to become aware of many features available or needed to make this type of unit a more user friendly device.The information re ; being incompatible with DSL is true in my case also . I have requested support from atttelephoneproducts@aatphones.com .
 I purchased 4 of these phones for my small business . They are terrible . While everyone in technical support admits I have tried everything to get the phones to work they do not . I can talk on them but if I put a call on hold and pick it up at a different extension the customer ca n't hear us ... we sound like a Mickey Mouse organization ... Avoid these phones no matter how nice customer serivce is they ca n't help .
 We bought this as an additional office phone . As far as call quality goes , it is good . The phone has has no caller ID , and we just did n't like the phone because of that . We ended up going to office Depot and buying a different phone because of the caller ID . We need it in our business , so if you can live without it , you 'd probably like the phone .
 AT&T / Advanced American Telephone does NOT provide and will not sell replacement handsets for this phone.Dear Jim , Thank you for your recent inquiry to our Customer Service Help Desk.Unfortunately , Advanced American Telephones does not sell the handsetsor the bases as separate parts of our products.We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.Sincerely , MarlonNational Service CenterAdvanced American Telephones
 This item arrived nasty dirty and smelt like smoke . They did not even wipe the item off at all !!! Will not ever buy anything else from that company .
 I got my AT&T Caller ID model 326 about a month ago , and i 've had to change the batteries 2 times already !!! That is rediculous . It takes 3 AAA batteries -LRB- not 2 AA batteries like it says in the description -RRB- . And yes , i did buy brand new batteries both times ;-RRB- This Caller ID box would be great if the batteries lasted longer . The other review for this product says that it `` lights up when the phone rings '' which is false . I think this guy was talking about a different caller ID box . Mine looks exactly like the picture up there .
 While it works most of the time , it frequently says `` no data , '' or does n't flash when a new call has been received . Today I got home to find it 's not working at all , even though I replaced the batteries about 2 weeks ago . You ca n't rely on it .
 We bought 3 of these phones and tried out 3 more ... they came from 3 separate locations . All 6 had the same problems !! Minor problem
 Phones are an integral part of most businesses , specially service ones . This system is grossly misrepresented in their marketing . AT&T ; has put out an embarassing piece of garbage for a leading phone company.People can not leave you messages while you 're on the phone . People can not hear your messages because the quality of sound is either too low or too muzzled . Many features do n't work well as advertised.We needed 4 phones . We returned them and purchased a Voice Logic Voice Pro 412 system . This little system is awesome and , best of all , it works.Whatever you buy , stay away from the 964 !!!
 To echo everyone else 's comments , I 've had the same problems with this phone , which I foolishly bought when it first came out upon the advice of an office supply store salesman . -LRB- Ughhhh !!!!! -RRB- Sometimes the connection sounds clear ; othertimes , even a local call can sound like the other person is calling from the moon.The answering machine is absolutely dreadful . You can barely hear the messages when dialing in remotely , and even when you 're standing in front of the thing , the speech is so highly compressed that it 's often garbled beyond recognition.There are lots of other smaller but very annoying quirks already mentioned . This phone is obviously a product that never made it past the alpha development phase and somehow mistakenly was released to the public for further testing ...
 I have had this phone for about 9 months . Programming the phones is very difficult . In order to get help from customer support I had to use a cell phone . Most recently all I got was a recording telling me my call was being transferred - for 17 minutes , but it never was transferred . I used the cell phone because in order to get help with programming the phones , you can not be using the phones - they do only one thing at a time . I have found that if you are on one line and the other rings , the answering system will not pick up the call . The only time I get messages is if the phone is not being used at all . My intent was that if I was on one line and the other rang , that the answering function would pick it up . I bought 2 phones to ensure this would work but after 9 months it is worse than ever . Good luck .
 I bought this to be a stand-alone phone for a home office . Although this phone seemed packed with features , there were a several things that detract . 1 -RRB- If you 're on one line the answering machine will not answer if another call comes in . 2 -RRB- The answering machine can not be selectively turned on or off for individual lines . 3 -RRB- Poor sound quality on the recordings as well as VERY low sound volume when picking up messages remotely . 4 -RRB- My unit had a defective power supply -LRB- LOUD hum -RRB- and AT&T would not replace it w/o sending in the whole unit . Not good , stay away .
 I purchased this phone as a stand-alone that could be expanded as I brought on additional help . It worked fine as a stand alone , but when adding additional phones in the office , I came to realize the same thing that the other reviewer have . The Auto-attendant simply does not work . If the auto-attendant picks up , you 're console phone is dead until the caller hangs up and a couple minutes later the phone will ring . When you answer it , it 's a `` call '' from the phone company saying
 Bought three of these phones for a small office . All features worked reasonably well with the exception of voice mail . Recorded message quality is poor . The major issue is the same as described by reviewer Laura G related to DTAD & Auto Attendant . I did succeed with AT&T tech support when they told me it was a known issue related to line disconnect signal strength . If your system carrier is unable to adjust strength , then do not buy these phones ! AT&T advised me to return the phones .
 As a small business , I needed an inexpensive telephone system . Purchased three of these phones to integrate with the 955s . All of the complaints I have read in the other product reviews are my complaints . These phones do not work together as a system . ALL OF MY CLIENTS ARE MAD AT ME !! Voice mail is non-existent -LRB- not to mention confusing to set up -RRB- because you can not receive a `` voice-mail '' if you 're using the phone ! Bad purchase ... Big , costly mistake .
 The 964 is a bad phone system -- answering system is faint and unclear ; after the TAD picks up a call and the caller hangs up , the phone continues to remain on for more than 3 minutes -LRB- Surprised I even bothered to wait that long . -RRB- unless handset taken off the hook ; programming is lousy ; buttons are too small . It is only useful as a single-line phone which is why the 1-star rating aptly applies . Do not buy this phone system .
 I second all the complaints here and add another one . Not only can you not selectively turn voicemail on/off for different lines , you also ca n't have different outgoing messages for each line . So you must be content with one -LRB- garbled -RRB- outgoing message for all lines .
 I think this phone was designed by people who either never used a phone , or hate people who do.The circuit board inside the phone began to fail almost immediately near the headset jack . There is a delay from when you pick up the phone to when the first tone is generated . It does n't play well with other phones - when I get a call and tell someone else in another room to pick it up , the ATT phone apparently generates some sort of tone -LRB- probably used for their intercom system by other ATT phones -RRB- that keeps people on other phones from using the line . Oh . . and the caller ID stopped working.The overall user interface is poorly designed.All the buttons on the left side of the phone surface just stopped working , so I need to buy another one . Of course , I would never buy another ATT phone - the problem is that are n't that many 3 or 4 line phones with caller ID available . But the next one wo n't be ATT .
 The answering system gets confused if you try to replay the previous message during playback . And once you listen to all new messages , you have to listen to old messages in reverse . So if I do n't catch all message number 2 out of 69 , then I have to listen to all 69 messages before I can go back -LRB- hitting the `` Backward '' button while it 's playing just confuses it -RRB- . But say I save 20 of those messages -LRB- do n't delete them -RRB- . I have to go backwards through those 20 messages just to listen to message number 2 again . Maybe my phone has a manufacturing defect or maybe it 's just bad design , but either way I 'm getting rid of it . Unforunately there are n't too many options for business phones with the same features . Gheeze , does n't anyone sell a decent desk phone with a headset jack and a answering machine for around $ 100 ? Even for $ 150 I 'm hard pressed to find one with an answering machine built in .
 This phone has all the features that I want . It also has a feature that I DO N'T want ! Whenever there is a power interruption ... you lose everything!Almost all settings and directories ! It has a battery back-up ... but as far as I 'm concerned , it do n't work . It also must a chip . . because very vew of the settings survive a power failure . -LRB- unimportant things like the area code survive -RRB- . I now have to spend an extra $ 50.00 getting an AC battery back-up for it . I really give it a `` 1 `` As far as the seller ... I contacted Stratton products -LRB- seller -RRB- asking to send it back and they never responded , I give them a '' -1 ''
 One of the nice concepts of this phone was the idea of using it as an intercom . I have a huge house , and it 's nice to be able to intercom someone in their room instead of going all the way over there each time.When I plug two of these phones directly into each other , the intercom works as advertised . But over my house wiring the intercom functions do n't seem to work . It just sits there beeping at me like I did something wrong.Can ' t comment on the voice mail problems - I 've never tried them .
 Everything wrong cited in the earlier reviews is true . The poorest quality at the highest price -- shame on you AT&T . Based on my experience with this product , I will never purchase an AT&T branded anything .
 After reading other reviews from other customers , I think it would be wise for AT&T to either replace this phone with another corrected model to the 12 station package , or correct the problemon all there 964 phones. , or just discontinue these phones andcome up with a new system . The color could be better also . -LRB- Dove Gray ? -RRB- . & the buttons a little bigger .
 In other words , lots of claimed features , many of which are unnecessary , conflict with one another and are poorly documented . Additionally , we found that this unit -LRB- although not the 944 slave -RRB- is subject to RFI -LRB- static -RRB- , which required us to relocate it to another room.How much is your time worth ? Figure on spending at least 5 hours getting this turkey up to a minimal operating level and never being able to get it to work fully.Since the RFI appears to be generated by the answering system , consider buying a separate answering machine . The first one we bought , from AT&T ; , was defective . We ended up instead with the Panasonic KX-TM100B -LSB- ASIN
 I purchased this phone with high expectations based off product features especially the auto attendant . We purchased 2 each 944 and 2 eacch 964 . This was for a small office -LRB- 2 people -RRB- The 944 phones worked together but the 964 phones did not . The manual was the worst to date I have read on a phone system and gave no detail . After countless hours with support staff on phone -LRB- email support was a joke they copied sections from manual and sent them to me even though I had described following every step of the manual to them in detail -RRB- it was determined that while they advertised it would work with any anaolg line system it would not work ours because our system had been upgraded by BellSouth . During course of events I found out that it was common for the phones not to work together . The system never worked as promised and phone manufacture gave up trying to solve problem .
 I have a small business and purchased three of these phones , and all are absolutely a piece of junk . The answering machine was very important for me because patients need to leave messages . First , the outgoing message is so faint and full of static , it sounds as though I 'm calling from space . Second , it does not take messages as promised , and as a result I have my `` face ripped off '' all day long for not answering patient 's urgent calls . Of course , I had to buy THREE of them -- which makes it all so special -- NOT !
 I am using it as a stand alone in a home office . Featurewise it is ideal for this purpose . However , I have lost power in the building a few times this year and the internal battery backup has never retained the program settings - which are extensive and confusing . I agree with others , the most annoying anomoly is the failure to drop an incoming call to voicemail while you are on another call . -LRB- Your caller hears constant ringing . -RRB- I can not tell you how many times my customers have said they tried to reach me but my phone was broken . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I originally purchased two 964 's to replace Casio Phonemate telephones I had been using . After three months , I went back to the Casio phones.Problems included :1 . Answer function inflexible and poorly designed
 I purchased one 964 and three 955 for my real estate business . The answering machine was very important to me . I only hope that I can return these lousy phones .
 Nothing about this product is intuitive or simple . The hardware and software for this product are poorly designed . The only reason to purchase this product is if you want a product only you can use ; this may give you job security but your job will become coping with the phones . Most important , our clients did n't like the process necessary to leave a message.The most basic operations , like taking messages and retrieving them , are complex to set up and perform.I could not figure out how to set the machine to pick up messages without calling AT&T support . I wanted to have the machine answer the phone and take messages if no one was in the office . Instead the answer message was played three times or the caller had to select an extension to have the machine accept a message.If the line you set up to receive messages is busy , you need to have a second 964 if you want to take a message on the second line . This means that you have to check more than one phone for incoming messages . And , if I wanted someone else to pick up messages , it took a half hour to train them because the operation was so confusing.The phone has too many buttons . Even after using the phone for several weeks I was not able to find the redial button easily . The directory holds lots of entries but it is not easy to set up or retrieve them.The problems just went on . Rather than waste more time trying to use the features on these phones , I set them where they are only used occasionally -- throwing away most of the purchase price for these phones .
 I purchased two phones for my home business and immediately discovered that callers sounded like they were from Mars . The voice was so faint I figured it must be my phone lines ; surely this could n't happen with two brand spankin ' new phones . Nope , it was n't the lines , it was the stupid phones . Both had the same problem . I did n't even get a chance to try out the other features since the main purpose of a telephone is to talk .
 We bought 3 of these phones and tried out 3 more ... they came from 3 separate locations . All 6 had the same problems !! Minor problem
 THE AT&T 964 was a piece of JUNK from that start . It should never have been sold , and paying the top dollar for it was differently wrong . I should have gone to WAL-mart and brought a $ 19.00 one . If it is any idea how AT&T is I will not buy their products any more . The company should have recalled this junk and refunded the money !
 This Keyboard Stickers was very hard to take it out , its ok , not the best , I had way beteer Keyboard Stickers beforeIts my first time to try this one , thats why its chep
 I have owned five of these phones -LRB- each purchased with an extra battery -RRB- for a year and can not recommend them , for these reasons :1 . Line of sight range was only ~ 1.5 km , not the 8 km claimed . This is under ideal conditions over a stretch of remote beach .2 . They are quite heavy and run * very * hot -- are uncomfortable to use .3 . Seven of the ten batteries have already failed , suggesting that the charger design is no good . New batt 's are $ 50 each!In the same period under the same conditions my Panasonic Multitalk-8 system has been flawless , and those phones cost half as much , in fact just a bit more for the whole phone than the Engenius * batteries * .
 Check this model for how it is turned on and off before you buy . My earlier model required the user to hold down the `` End '' button to turn the phone on and/or off -LRB- presumably to conserve battery power -RRB- . Result
 I owned this phone for a whole 7 MONTHS before it just quit working for no apparent reason . Up to that point , I was very happy with it . I have been a fairly consitent Uniden customer , but this phone wasted my money .
 It seems to be a great phone but after a year the keypad stops working and you cant dial anyones number . I am not the only one who has had this problem and if you read other reviews you will see many people with the same problem . DONT BUY THIS PHONE .
 Great phone but after 8 months of use , the keypad no longer works . Warranty only covers 90 days ... . I will be looking for a new phone that is not Uniden .
 Had the phone for a little over 1 year and the unit just stopped working . Was a good phone until then , just can not believe the short life it had . The unit does not get a dial tone and talk keeps flashing on the LED . Tried their online support and they had me do this and that stating it would correct the issue ; however , it still remains broken . This is the only phone I have had that only lasted a little over a year . I suggest you buy a different brand phone that will last longer than this one .
 When i first go this phone , I really liked it . The sound was great and the battery life was exceptional . However , after a year the keypad has begun to stuck and now it is totally unusable . I am unable to dial any numbers . I have to buy a new phone again .
 This product worked great for almost one year to the day after purchase . The number keys have stopped working . Unless you buy a new phone every year , I would avoid .
 We bought this product in March 2002 and have had to send it to repair twice . The handset looses volume from the earpiece and the mouthpiece , the answering machine sound quality is full of static and fades . I have not had any luck in repairing this item or having it replaced to date . I would not recommend it to anyone at this point .
 Perfect sound quality , feels like a quality product ... until it died on me inexplicably -- had it for 18 months .
 I received this phone as a gift for Christmas 2001 . I loved it until it simply stopped working 1 week after christmas 2002 . I purchased a new battery with no effect . I almost considered replacing it with a new one until I read these reviews and see that other people have had this same problem . Uniden has a serious quality issue with this model .
 I owned this phone for less than 1 year , I have to say the 900 MHz works just as well . The phone went dead in less than 1 year ; replaced the battery for $ 17.00 ; still does n't work . An expensive phone for only 1 year lifespand . I 'd go with the cheaper Uniden 's phones - I 'm going on 3 years on my 900MHz Uniden and it also works better outside .
 I was very happy with this phone until it inextricably died after a year and a half .
 I bought this based on reviews here . I am returning the phone.The features of the phone are nice , I like the feel and look of the phone . The size is good , the buttons are very workable.However ! The sound quality is awful . It 's far worse than my old no-features cordless AT&T 900 MHz phone . It 's worse than my cell phone . If this is the best of the 2.4 GHz phones , I 'm not buying one and I 'll deal with the sticky keys on my AT&T . I 'd rather have the sound clarity . This phone has a very hollow and tinny sound . And if someone was speaking quietly it would be hard to hear them.I ca n't recommend this phone if you are concerned with sound quality . If you just want features and a pretty phone , then you 'll be fine .
 This phone offer mediocre sound quality . I sometimes could hear static on the phone at the far end of our 2 story house . I had the base station positioned in a downstairs office . I called Uniden for support because I could not figure out how to shut the ringer . After waiting on hold for an interminable period of time I come to find out that there is no way to shut the ringer off . That really ... and I guess this phone is for people who like to be awakened at anytime of the day or night . Look around and spend a little more money . In the end you will be glad you did .
 Bought the phone to use the mute feature -LRB- not very common anymore -RRB- , but static and background noise is a little too distracting . Probably will return for a refund .
 I expected great things with this phone but when I first start using it in the day , I get static . I would like to send it back and will try to do so . I do n't know what I could be doing wrong but I really do n't like it .
 Less than a year after I bought it , the thing started cutting out while I was on the phone . The person on the other end of the line could n't hear me . I sent it back for repair , they did something to it , sent it back to me ... same problem !
 I bought my phone about 3 months ago and have had nothing but problems with it and Uniden customer support . I sent back the original phone because charge would n't hold on the handset . When I recieved the replacement phone it did n't work either . The charge was holding on this one but the handset buttons would n't work . I thought this may have been because they sent me the wrong battery with it so I requested that they send me the correct battery for the phone . When I recieved the battery it was also the wrong one so I went to Radio Shack only to confirm that the handset really was n't working . Needless to say I still have n't been able to use the phone and customer service wants nothing to do with it .
 My problem is with the seller . The phone memory will store numbers , but will not store the associated names as it should . Also , the phone came without a manual , without the belt clip , and without the rechargable battery which I bought at -LSB- local store -RSB- for -LSB- money -RSB- . I bought this same phone previously from another seller with complete satisfaction .
 It wo n't let you hang up ! The buttons do not function as buttons in the conventional sense
 I found this phone to be surprisingly nonintuitive . I bought it primarily for use with a headset . But in order to put the phone on mute , you have to hit the speakerphone button ... twice . They were too cheap to put in a separate button and indicator for mute . Then you can not listen through the headset because it 's only allowing speakerphone . Taking the phone off of speakerphone is even worse . Normally you would think that hitting the speakerphone button again will do the trick , but no such luck . So you see a symbol that shows the phone off the hook and try that . Now the phone is on hold . Now hit it again , and unlike the speakerphone button , the hold button undoes the action and you are finally off of hold and back to normal mode.The phone has a 3 line display , yet they did n't see any point to showing the volume level indication , so one tends to keep hitting the vol up key a lot . There do appear to be different vol settings for speaker vs. handset , which is nice but really needs a vol indicator.Setup for the phone was surprisingly glitchy . You 'd think that simply plugging in the device will work , and I was led to believe it can work even with the power off . But that is not true , and I found the buttons to not all work until I `` rebooted '' by plugging in the power several times.As another reviewer says , call quality seems decent . But the design really is hopelessly out-of-step with today 's standards for how a phone should work .
 I was disipointed with this phone from the first day . It has cheap feeling buttons and I was never able to delete the caller list with one swoop . I had to delete each caller one at a time even though the manual gave directions to delete the entire list but it never worked . I have had the phone for five months now and yesterday the entire colomn of speed dial numbers stoped working and will not program again . I will not buy anymore Aastra phones .
 This phone had absolutely no redeeming qualities ! None of the buttons worked properly and when I called the manufacturer the French Canadian customer service girl hung up on me before stating ; `` If you bought the phone from some unknown company like Amazon , you deserve to keep it , I never heard of Amazon Too bad for you if it does n't work . '' Nice customer service `` manager '' she told me she was the manager when I tried to call back to complain about her . STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY AND PASS THE WORD . Amazon should discontinue selling their products as well .
 I 've always liked these magnetic notepads that you can just slap on the fridge . With them , I manage to forget far fewer things when I shop at the grocery store -LRB- I 'm sure I 'll always forget something - with my faulty memory I can hide my own Easter eggs - but since the dawn of magnetic notepads , I do n't have those moments where I go to the store just to get milk and come back everything but milk -RRB- . When I found this notepad , I was pleased , because it is about 1/2 '' thick , which means lots of pages so I do n't go through pads as often . Wrong . What it meant was that I used a few pages off the top and then the pad fell apart under its own weight . All of the pages fell to the floor in a clump , bound by their overtaxed adhesive binding , leaving the cardboard backing with the magnet sitting proudly and uselessly on my fridge.The pad is now on my kitchen counter and is just enough out of the way that I 'm back to forgetting the milk again .
 Well , it LOOKS nice in the picture but in reality it is a waste . firstly it fell apart the very first time i picked it up . even the 2 penny pens you get at staples with hold up to being held . secondly , its make of super cheap plastic . Though not as good as the plastic used for those two penny pens.since then i have moved away from cross completely . i have moved to Retro 1951 pens were are not as expensive , not perfect , but still a very good value and unlike this cheap pen they really are made of stainless steel or other metals not cheap plastic .
 Handset wo n't hold a charge . Outgoing-message recording is quiet and distorted . Remote message pickup feature does n't work -- often have to input my code three or four times to retrieve messages . Cheap plastic belt clip is now an optional accessory -LRB- which means you have to pay for something that most makers offer for free -RRB- . And customer service does n't respond . Panasonic has worked well for me in the past , but they 've lost me forever with this electronic turkey . Avoid !
 I was under the impression with this phone I would be able to download the picture and certain music with whom ever called me . well little did I know this did not happen with the phone I purchased . I must have purchased a lemon , even when I called Panasonic , the people act like they did not know what they were doing , so other than that the phone works fine as long as they do n't talk about all the other attractions , it did not work with me .
 Got the phone and found out that in order to mount it to the wall , I need to purchase a $ 4.00 part and pay $ 5.00 shipping and taxes.Now all the specs say wall mountable , not wall mountable with an extra purchase!Ok , $ 8-10 is n't going to break me , but somewhere it should state that you need to get an extra bracket in order to mount it on the wall!So , since I ca n't mount it on the wall , I have n't used it yet!Have to wait a week or so for the wall mount bracket to come in ...
 I am a full time student and business owner that also likes to read during spare time so I have plenty of books as does my daughter who also attends college full time . Yet , neither of us could find a use for this silly twisted piece of junk :-LRB- Maybe we 're just not smart enough to use it correctly ? But unlike the 5-star poster who keeps one everywhere , our clip sits in the junk drawer . It was difficult to insert into a book , it was NOT easy to turn a page , and my daughter and I both agreed that if we just wanted a book opened to a single page -LRB- the Bible ? a Cookbook w / one good recipe ? -RRB- for an extended period of time then maybe this will work . But for active reading in comfort ... nope . It 's junk in our opinion .
 This item does help with keeping small and large paperback books open and stable , and it is particularly useful for paperback cookbooks . Because the product does what it says , I gave it two stars . I ordered this product ` new ' . Unfortunately , when the item arrived to my house , the packaging had already been opened , and the clip was clearly used multiple times . The protective coating was absent from the two bottom prongs as well as from the top arch which touches the edges of the pages . The entire reason I went with this more expensive clip was because reviews suggest that the protective coating is necessary to prevent page tearing . I recommend the product , but not buying it from this particular seller .
 DO NOT ORDER ! WHAT A WASTE ! THE WORD `` STAND '' SHOULD NOT BE USED IN THIS DESCRIPTION !!!!! This clip `` and stand '' is merely an over-glorified paper clip and works only to assist in balancing the book to stand directly up on its own spine -LRB- perpendicular to your surface , with no reading angle -RRB- and it is impossibly annoying to turn the pages . The book will pretty much be standing straight up -LRB- making the bottom half of the page difficult to read -RRB- , and every time you turn the pages you have to take it off and put it back on and THEN rebalance the book to stand on the desk . You are better off using a black binder clip to simply hold the page in place , because this is ALL this piece of junk does!WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT !!!!!
 As others have said , this thing is pure junk . The rubbery coating is sticky and smells horrible , typical cheap Chinese coating.The wire is too stiff to be used without ripping pages and the rubber rubs off.Save your money for something useful !
 I purchased the TRU9380-3 from Office Max 18 months ago . I 've had many problems with the phone , primarily with the function key . Four handsets were replace within the one year warranty period . Even the replacement handsets had to be replaced . The system is now out of the one year warranty , and none of the function keys operate on any of the handsets . I ca n't turn off the ringers , access caller ID , or access the phone book . So disappointed . Today , I purchased a new AT&T cordless phone system and am tossing the Uniden out . I did notify Uniden of my dissatisfaction . I would stay away from this product .
 I thought I was ordering a variety -LRB- spectrum -RRB- of solid colored art tissues ; however , after receiving said product , it states on the packaging -LRB- and not on product description online -RRB- , `` colors blend when moistened to create exciting artistic effects . '' Although I do like tie-dyed effects , I was n't searching for a product whose color -LRB- s -RRB- ran/changed when moistened .
 Este software no hace etiquetas para el disco o el cd solo para el estuche de estos.No me parece un buen producto . No lo recomiendo . Hay un sola etiqueta brillante y las demas son mate.Aunque trae las etiquetas para pegar en los cd , el sotfware no tiene la opcion para realizar estas etiquetas
 The only difference between this paper and cheap paper is the watermark . It 's definitely not worth the price tag . With a cheap piece of old paper next to one of these ones , it is not easy to identify the expensive one .
 nice paper but not much different then normal paper besides the watermark i would not get it again if i seen it first hand
 The Southworth Credentials Collection 24 lb . watermarked 25 % cotton antique laid paper and accompanying envelopes are supposed to be okay for laser printers . However , when I used them the ink did not adhere well , so I ended with partial letters and numbers . My high-quality Brother MFC-7420 printer prints just fine on other types of paper , so that tells me that it 's not my printer but the quality of the paper .
 The paper is inferior quality . Not up to my standard . However , since I am in a bind I will use them . However , I will not purchase this brand again .
 I have used this brand of tablets in my classroom for a few years . However , I usually purchased them from a local teacher supply store . I have since moved overseas and we rely on Amazon for quite a few supplies because Germany just does n't have what we 're used to using . This tablet was shipped poorly and the box arrived crushed and opened and the tablet inside was bent and torn . I have done one activity with my son on this tablet before hanging the tablet on the wall . When I went to hang the tablet on the wall the back cardboard along with several sheets of paper just fell from the tablet . I tried to rethread the paper through the prongs but it would not cooperate . Like mentioned , I have loved using the tablets for a few years but this one that was sent from Amazon is in unacceptable form .
 The paper feels nice , but why do I need a watermark on my resume , that hasnothing to do with my career ?
 Bought this paper and send out 30 resumes to prospective employers . Looked good when I sent them out , but I received several back in the mail . I opened one of the returned envelopes . The ink had bled all over . I took my finger and I could literally rub the laser jet ink off of the paper . So the 30 resumes I sent out LOOK HORRIBLE . So much for first impressions , huh ? Use this paper if you do n't want a job . If you do want a job , get some other paper .
 Somehow every page I printed the damn Southworth logo found a way to peek through the blank spaces because it 's printed inconsistently and TOO DAMN CONSPICUOUSLYI do n't really want to risk it so I might have to go out to look for unmarked resume paper .
 I recently purchased this paper and it is nice looking . But do I really want to advertise Southworth on my resume ? The watermark is hard not to notice . Also the 100 % cotton allows for ink bleeding . A friend told me about Wausau Papers Resume Kit and the paper is great and it also does n't let the ink bleed . In fact the print quality was sharpest I have seen . Oh ... the price was better and it came with 50 envelopes . What a buy ...
 I wish I had read the reviews here before buying , but I was in a hurry and picked this up at a Big Box store . There is a 3x1 .5 inch water mark on every page that advertises the company name -LRB- see picture -RRB- . I do n't want anything on my resume that I did n't purposefully include.Avoid this paper if you are looking for a professional resume .
 Pay good money for resume paper that has a big old logo on the middle of it . I 've never seen and paper purchased for any printing have the companies logo on it . TACKY , waste of money .
 Do n't you love the way photographs look when they have a watermark splashed across with the studio 's logo or the word `` PROOF '' ? What ? No ? Well , then you should probably not buy this paper . The watermark is tacky and unprofessional , especially if you want it to look great down to the details . -LRB- Which is the whole point if you 're spending this much on paper . -RRB- Rather than looking like premium paper , it looks like a discounted/sponsored version of their paper with an advertisement for the company . I wonder when they will start putting Google Ads at the bottom of their paper . -LRB- NOTE TO SOUTHWORTH
 This is very high-quality paper with pleasant hand-feel , but it 's also a little too light and there 's a glaring watermark 6 '' wide on every sheet . It 's so apparent that it 's distracting , even if you are n't holding the paper to light . Do n't take my word for it , this is the standard -LRB- and only -RRB- linen paper at Office Max and Office Depot , check it out for yourself . If my document is so important to merit linen paper , a prominent advertising mark is the last thing I want on it . ` Neenah Paper 05221 ' is functionally identical at a lower price and with a smaller , more subtle watermark .
 I was looking for a nice , heavier paper to use as letterhead and I came across this stuff . I 'm familiar with the Southworth brand because that 's what I 've always used for resumes , etc. . I guess it 's my fault for not knowing the weight of `` normal '' copy paper because that 's what this is , except from the fancier brand , nicer name -LRB- `` Credentials Collection Fine Paper '' -RRB- and higher price tag . Moral of this story
 It 's beautiful paper . I do n't care how much , so it was a good buy for me.But , the texture and thickness were too much for my Epson printer . It was constantly jaming and took too much time to get a finished page . I wo n't use it but only because Epson Work Force wo n't print it other than one page at a time , while you then have to adjust the paper supply for one more page.It 's not bad paper , only bad Epson printer too cheap , do n't buy cheap .
 The paper quality felt of decent quality , but I returned the product because of one simple reason ... it is see through .
 Looks nice but it is the bare bones . I went looking for a seat cushion for it and can not find anything . I will kill your back and hips after a short while . Hard as rock and no support .
 After a couple months the chair 's pump stopped working . I bought this stool because I needed a high stool . Without the lift pump it 's a short stool . Also the finish flakes off . Had the lift work I think it is still overpriced
 I bought this chair because of the price and look of it . After using it at work for the past couple of weeks I 'm noticing that it is not as ergonomic as I would have liked , I 'm constantly sliding because of the plastic and the back piece is terribly uncomfortable.The plus side was that it was super easy to assemble and is n't terrible when used in small doses . I would NOT recommend this chair for people who plan to sit in it for hours at a time on a daily basis .
 horrible seat i cant sit on it for over 5 min without having to stand up again this is a bad buy
 This item arrived defected , after it was assembled , the settings for the chair height would not hold . then the plastic handle broke off . So I contacted amazon to return the damaged product and I could not disassemble it . so there is no way possible for it to fit in any box that I have . The amazon rep told me to tape the ticket to the chair and it will be picked up . Not true UPS does not take anything that is not properly packaged in a box . Second call to amazon , they are so sorry , but I still will have to get a box large enough , somewhere and package it . So a sledge hammer helped to disassemble . Do n't buy anything that will not come apart from Amazon .
 I 've had this chair for about a month . It works pretty well for drawing , computer , and sitting at the workbench in my workshop . However , do not lean back and prop your feet up on the counter top with this chair ! I did that today and the back popped off . I almost fell off the chair height-end to its full potential . Had that been the case , I would have cracked my head on the concrete floor . As long as you do n't lean back on this chair . You are fine .
 This stool is mostly plastic , but surprisingly sturdy . I do n't detect any flexing at all when I sit in it and lean back , and I 'm about 180 lbs.The only flaws I can find with it are minor :1 . the base arrived with some of the chrome paint chipped off near the feet areas .2 . I have to re-adjust the height occassionally -- like once a week . Not sure if I 'm accidentally hitting the lever or it 's just slowly sagging.UPDATE 1
 The quality of materials was fine but this stool was hard to sit in . I thought the seat was very slipery .
 JUNE 13 UPDATE
 One would expect a tractor seat chair to be durable . This however is not the case.Both times the chair broke the piston that moves the chair up and down busted . The first time within a week and the second time after the warranty expired . -LRB- figures -RRB- In the picture the seat appears to be made of metal , but is not . It is made of fairly bendable and potentially breakable plastic . If one were to sit back in it without care the back could snap pretty easily . The painted plastic also scratches without being rough on it at all.Major Disappointment . Not recommended .
 Actual tractor seats may have a similar shape as this chair seat , but different proportions . I found it ill-fitting and extremely uncomfortable
 I got this chair in the mail today.It took me about 5-10 minutes to put together and it looked great . I shook it a bit to make sure it would n't fall apart and it is sturdy enough . It wobbled a bit when i sat in it because of my carpeted floor . Next i found I could n't raise the chair without standing up first . Not a real problem , it happens with most of chairs i own . After than i found that i am to light to make this chair go back down . The cylinder is to strong and my 110 pounds is not enough weight to move it . That being said either is my brothers 160 pounds , he is heavy enough though to make it about half way down.I hope returning this chair is as easy as it was to put together.Pros : Sturdy chairlooks greateasy to put togetherCons : Wobbles on a carpet floorCylinder is to strong and the chair will not function properly for anyone UNDER 170 poundsThe seat back is a little low
 Product arrived broken out of the box . Easy return through Amazon . Not willing to try it again . If the product was broken before use , not sure if it would hold up .
 The chair is attractive , but that 's about it . The back rest offers no support and is n't even high enough for a person of average height to lean back comfortably if it did support his or her weight.The mechanism that sustains the chair 's height failed after one day of use , and I am currently waiting for a replacement part . I would just return the chair , but the shipping cost is deducted from the refund . Being that it was around $ 60 to begin with , I 'm not going to bother if all I 'll get back is $ 10 - $ 20 . Aesthetically , the chair 's `` bucket '' seat is awkward . The ridges for your thighs are deep and cascade to the back , making you slide back . Since there 's no real back support , you have to overcompensate by leaning forward more.Don ' t buy this chair . Pay a little more and get a legitimate , well made , comfortable chair .
 The chair came , everything is fairly straight forward and simple minus the small detail it did not come with any of the screws to put it together . So I have 4 pieces to a great bar stool that I 'm sure if they were put together would be quite useful . I ca n't find any way to contact the company to get the screws so this could very well be my own short coming or just a lack of knowledge .
 Do not buy these if you plan on storing them for any length of time . The ink dries up very quickly and you are left with a bunch of pens that work intermittently if at all.Save your money and buy some pens that do n't dry out so quickly .
 I opened the box of 12 Papermate pens , took one out and could n't click for operation . The second worked and retracted -- it was the only one out of 12 . I took them apart , soaked the barrels in `` Simple Green '' and then used a tiny brush to get the caked ink out . Was it Papermate , heat , altitude or storage that caused the problem . I do n't know but mine work now !
 I still have yet to receive my order . My credit card got charged but my product was never delivered .
 An absolute rubbish cheapest quality product . Would n't work upon arrival , tried to push twist the cap to get the pencil or pen to extend . Apparently a very poorly designed and executed twisted metal spring mechanism inside that supposed to operate it . fell apart and the springs totally twisted and damaged beyond repair within 15min . Better off throwing your money into the trash - less grief and time wasted !! I blame myself , though , for going cheap ...
 I have tried to use this product several times , followed the instructionson how to calibrate the printer , wasted many sheets of CD labels -LRB- not to mention the ink -RRB- , and all with two different printers . I have used other systems that worked just fine , but this one is nothing but pure trash . Every time I try the printing comes off center and not by a few millimiters.Don ' t waste your money ! I give this product only one star , and that because the rating field does not let put a `` 0 '' .
 do n't be fooled by the five star reviews , this product is a complete waste of money . the applicator has centered exactly one label so far . that was the very first label I had applied and it has yet to properly apply another . you are much better off eyeballing it , or maybe rigging an empty cd/dvd spindle to do it yourself . whatever you do , do n't waste your money on this item .
 have spent over 2 hours trying to get labels to align properly . I would not recommend this to anyone . Total waste of money .
 It seems one must have the best printer money can buy to get this to work properly . I 've used label making software on other PCs and never had as much trouble as I have with Memorex 's . Getting labels to line up properly is impossible . I have now printed 5 sheets of CD labels and they are in two different positions relative to the label itself on every sheet.This was a waste of money . Avoid it at all costs . There has to be better out there than this .
 I have a Paper Mate PhD pen which I absolutely love and found these refills on here for a great price , however I was NOT happy with the quality of the refill . It does not compare . I did also notice that the writing on the side of the refill was smudged and not the same as the refill that came with my pen . Is there a such thing as a &#34; knock off &#34; refill ?!? I would not recommend this product . Very disappointing : - -LRB-
 they sent the wrong type and never sent it to be returned end of story . do n't use them.that is all
 Well , I made the same mistake as another reviewer and got it for my PhD multi - the product is probably OK , but the description needs a bit of a warning on this .
 I have the PhD multi pen and was looking to refll the black ink cartridge . This one WILL NOT fit because it is for the regular PhD ; you must buy a different kind for the PhD multi . It is 100 % my fault for buying the wrong product but I just do n't want anyone else to make the same mistake that I did .
 As a teacher who uses green pens to grade papers , this pen tore my students ' parents because the ink is so dry ! They 're terrible !!
 I bought this box of pens to make the $ 25 free shipping requirement.However , I highly recommend that you purchase some other cheap box of pens or cheap item instead of this one.The ink will barely come out and the pen is extremely rough to use -- no glide action.The only positive thing was that the ink is the color green .
 The pen is fine , functions well and has the same great feel I 've loved in the PHD pen . HOWEVER , the clip part is made of cheap stamped ` metal ' and quickly was bent out away from the barrel of the pen . Small needle nose pliers could n't really return it to the right position . This meant that it would n't clip securely and felt awkward in the hand . They need to spend a couple of pennies more on beefing that clip up.I wo n't buy another .
 like the ergonomics but the pens give out and parker does not have a refil availble
 When I first purchased the Papermate PhD Multi , I thought , `` Wow ! '' What an awesome instrument . Felt great in the hand and I Iove the flow of the ink . Very smooth . Nice pencil and stylus as bonus ! '' However , because I liked the pen so much and used it every chance I got , within 3 weeks , the ink cartridge was empty . That 's when my love of the pen began to falter.I opened the pen , according to the package instructions , and removed the ink cartridge . However , it never worked the same again . The twist and click feature failed to hold the pen in the advanced position , so whenever I would bear down to write , it would retract and push up into the pen again.So , I bought another , thinking I must have done something wrong . Carefully , after the ink ran out in 2 weeks this time -LRB- guess I did more writing -RRB- , I changed the cartridge again . Same thing . At a high price tag -LRB- $ 8-9 -RRB- for a plastic pen , I bought a third and gave it one more try . Same luck.So , while I loved the feel and flow of the pen , it is certainly not worth the price tag for a pen whose mechanisms , housing and construction will only last a month.Won ' t buy another one . Three times and you 're out .
 This `` stylus '' is not for touch pad devices like Ipad . The stylus is hard plastic . Fine for older PDA devices that require a hard tap . Pen and pencil work fine . Just do n't buy this if you want to sue it with any `` I - '' device .
 I used these pens at my office for 15 years . Well , their quality declined recently and I have thrown half of these away as they do n't write ! So frustrating . Even though cheap , they are a waste of money . Too bad they let quality slip !!!!!!!!!!!
 I used to not care about pens that I write with , but ever since going to college my writing instruments have become SO much more important . The current pen I 'm passionate about is the Pilot Hi Tec C pen . They 're these gel ink pens from Japan that write super thin crisp lines , but they 're still cheap . Seriously if you try those you 'll never turn back , they 're worth searching for online.The thing I do n't like about these Paper Mate pens is that they bleed every once and a while . You 'll be writing and every once and a while you 'll get this ink blob on your text . Annoying . Plus when you 're taking notes they smear on the back of your hand as you 're writing down the page .
 I bought an inexpensive box of Papermate 's Write Bros. ball point pens . They are black , medium -LRB- 1 mm -RRB- with no fancy grips etc. . After a couple months , and only one person using them , I have 10 out of 36 pens I started with . Why ? 1 . They do n't write consistently , first you have to do the scribble routine to get ink to come out , then , the flow is inconsistent , causing you to go back and re-write over the letters , making your penmanship look like you are epileptic . Post-It notes especially seem to be too smooth of a surface for the pen to actually excrete ink on to the paper , leaving instead deep indentations that permeate down the post-it stack , causing even more subsequent breaks in the line as you use them .2 . I like black ink , so I purchased the black pens . However , when the entire pen is the color black , it is easy to lose . Seriously ! Sure , I do n't have a flood of florescent lights in my house , but let me make a comparison . Before I purchased this large box , I owned about 5 Bic round stic medium black pens . They are black ink , but the barrel is white and easy to find . I never lost them .3 . After owning these pens for two months or so , I have already had to throw away a pen because it was out of ink . In comparison , those 5 Bic pens I had lasted for at least two years.I 'm sure the higher priced fancy pens Papermate manufactures are capable of working , but they are wasting everyone 's time when they make pens so cheap as to literally frustrate the writer as they scream at the pen as you try to make an urgent note while on the phone!My recommendation is to go with Bic for cheap stick pens .
 for the price i would expect this product to last at least a year . it lasted about 6 months , long enough to be out of the warranty period and of course now i ca n't return it . so , i would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The printer was delivered in a timely manner , it looked new , but it was missing the program disk as well as any documentation . Since I was replacing an earlier model Seiko printer , I downloaded the new software online and installed the printer . The printer worked erratically , but not properly . I tried it at another work station , that had a working 440 installed and it had the same problems . I can only assume it was a &#34; repacked return &#34; . Amazon was fabulous in helping me get it returned and refunded . I ended up buying a DYMO LabelWriter 450 for full price -LRB- $ 99.00 -RRB- at a local office supply store . It prints twicw as fast and has much more robust construction .
 I was very excited about this product , given the good reviews . However , I found that refilling the pencil took so much force that I was afraid I 'd break it . Even worse , the eraser is useless , due both to the design and the material . If I could find a replacement eraser that was taller & better , this would be a much better product . If I have to carry this plus a separate eraser , it 's not really saving me much.Oh , and the highlighter is n't a marker . Maybe I 'm stupid , but I assumed it would be . It 's just an orange ink pen , which is not the same as any other highlighter I 'd choose to use .
 I work in field of surveying and I need a multi-pen that works in all types of weather and temperatures . When I received this pen , the highlighter did not work , and I found it hard to load the 0.5 mm lead into the pen . When I first took the pen into the field , the lead would break into small pieces and make writing hard , and the tip of the lead pencil would constantly come undone inside the pen . I found it extremely difficult to keep up with the movement of the field crews as the pen required constant maintenance . The black pen finally failed and I no longer use the pen . I also found it extremely difficult to reload the 0.5 mm lead . If you are looking for a durable , long lasting pen , for outside work , this is not a good choice .
 I have mixed thoughts about this instrument.It is extremely useful to have a pen and pencil in one instrument and that fact outweighs my reservations about it which are .1 . The pencil has a tendancy to malfunction because the `` cone '' may come loose .2 . The .05 lead breaks rather easily though one can get used to this , and the finer lead has the advantage of making a fine mark .3 . The highlighter on my instrument does n't work at all -LRB- no great loss -RRB- . All that said , I 'd probably buy another one . This is the second Staedtler that I 've bought and the third instrument of its kind -LRB- the other was a Rotring -RRB- .
 Well my pen did work . I think how it uses `` gravity '' to switch between pens is neat but its also slow and awkward . I want a multi pen that is faster to use than using two pens . So far no luck.How the `` gravity '' switch works . You hold the pen parallel with the floor . Rotate the barrel so the label of the pen type you want is facing up . Then push the plunger . Then push the release button . Hold horizontal , Rotate again and push the plunger to get a different pen . To many steps for me to fast enough.Also the `` highlighter '' is more of a bright orange ball point ink pen . Not one of those soft tip ones .
 Nice concept , but just does n't work well . The orange highlighter is practically useless and worked so poorly that I asked the seller to send me another one to replace it . The second one had its own issues and the highlighter was only marginally better . But , still not good enough to actually use . The pen is now in pen drawer covered by much better $ 1 pens .
 Difficult to use - tried it and could not use it well enough to write efficiently and clearly - I do n't recommend it .
 does n't work at all.i do n't know why perhaps because of postal problems , or what ever but really not usable at all .
 I have always used these PaperMate flexGrip pens . However , the latest order I received are not the same as before . Even though on the box they show the original style pen , the pens inside are now changed to the 70 % recycled material version -RRB- . There is nothing wrong with the new pen appearance . The major flaw is now the new ink is much lighter blue . If you liked the original dark blue ink , this will disappoint you.I just went to the PaperMate site , and I confirmed that they do n't carry the original pens as shown in the photo anymore .
 When I recieved the package the box containing the pens was smashed open and looked awful . Then I noticed that two pens were missing from the box also ! Unbelivable !! Never ordering from here again ! It was actually packaged that way ?! What a rip off !
 Most of the pens in this box of 12 ink-flow intermittently.I previously bought them in an office-supply store but ca n't find them this past year or so , but I found them here.I suspect Papermate stopped producing them and the ones still available are too old .
 I am really disappointed with the quality of these pens . The first criterion of a good pen is that it should write well , and these fail on this itself . Next is the ergonomics etc , which the pen is fine . Looks good . I have tried nearly all the pens from the box and they seem to stop while writing which disappoints me .
 BUYER BEWARE . Purchased very similar Paper Mate pens @ Office Depot & they were smooth writing with great ink flow.With these there is minimal ink flow for a FEW SECONDS & then they stop working altogether !
 These 12 pens came in a plastic bag - not a box as I presumed and none of them work - they skip and even with extensive effort at trying to get the ink to run , not one write with out primarily skipping . A total waste of money - I love these pens but need to purchase from another seller
 Sadly , these must be old pens and the ink is dried up . I can see ink in the center part but they do not write . Will return them .
 I have worked in a Administrative capacity for couple of companies in the Tri-state area ; generally my suppliesare ordered for me . Thus I inherited this dreadful pen . The pen constantly skips or has difficulty performing on a number of surfaces - which other no name pens seemingly do easily.For a known company like PAPER MATE to sell this item is a mystery to me.Ludwig vanTriktPhiladelphia , PA
 I have worked in a Administrative capacity for couple of companies in the Tri-state area ; generally my suppliesare ordered for me . Thus I inherited this dreadful pen . The pen constantly skips or has difficulty performing on a number of surfaces - which other no name pens seemingly do easily.For a known company like PAPER MATE to sell this item is a mystery to me.Ludwig vanTriktPhiladelphia , PA
 I love these ink pens normally and they are hard to find in the stores anymore so , when finding them on Amazon , I was excited to get them . Once I got them ... I started to use them and each one of them would dry up after a few minutes of writing . I tried almost the whole box and the same thing . I let them sit in room temp also for a while and tried again . The same thing happened . I think these had been sitting on a back shelf for a very long time and the ink dried up . Will not be purchasing from this seller again .
 The one dozen Paper Mate ballpoint pens -LRB- 9530131 -RRB- I ordered and received from Amazon have a serious defect . If the pen is not used for several days the ink leaks past the ball and leaves an ink blob at the tip . When beginning to write a nasty blob of ink is left on the paper . Previous similar Paper Mate pens that we purchased -LRB- not at Amazon -RRB- did n't have this defect . This purchase has been disappointing .
 Zebra 's F-301 Stainless Steel Retractable Ballpoint Pen 0.7 mm Black Dozen -LRB- 27110AMZ -RRB- for $ 20.18 -LRB- and free shipping with Amazon Prime -RRB- . Zebra 's F-402 Stainless Steel Retractable Ballpoint Pen 0.7 mm Black Dozen -LRB- 29210AMZ -RRB- for $ 38.92 -LRB- and free shipping with Amazon Prime -RRB- . The refills , however , typically are priced around $ 6 - $ 7 for product & shipping , for a 2-pack . That 's $ 36 for one dozen refills , barely better than the cost of the F-402 pens , and nearly twice the cost of the F-301 pens.Now , the environmentalist in me wishes to reuse these pens , as their construction is solid , and they should last several refills . However , at these prices , it makes no sense!If I could get a dozen refills for $ 12 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- , I 'd buy them .
 I bought a Zebra F-301 ball pen in Hong Kong and I loved to use it ! But when I went back to the States , I used it up so I wanted to buy some refill . Compared to the original pen , the refill I bought could not write smoothly as the ink was dry . Disappointed with the purchase : -LRB-
 had a set of 12 I 've used for 2 years ... loved them . the ones I rec 'd were leaking ink all over the place and only 3 were usable.Too bad
 I ordered four dozen and had to return 24 that were defective -LRB- retractors did n't work -RRB- . Now I 'm finding the ones I 've kept have very poor ink flow performance .
 Do n't order these pens unless you are okay with gobs of ink on your paper . Each time I use one of these pens there is a blob of ink at the tip that gets smeared all over the paper . This is unfortunate
 I am a home school mom of 2 boys . I do n't have a car so I try to shop online . I thought this was a good deal-wrong ! After about 20 pages the problems started . The lines on the paper were all messed up or not there at all , some pages were in halves and stuck together and to top it all off when I made my monthly trip to Walmart I found much more paper -LRB- almost double -RRB- for MUCH less . How sad .
 I agree with one of the reviewers
 I bought this and when it came in the plastic cover was open from the bottom . It seems like they just repackaged non-branded line paper and put it into a plastic bag with a Mead title cover . I would not recommend purchasing this product .
 Obviously I chose to buy this product at this price - orginally 6.47 Prime price 4.47 . It was out of convenience/necessity but never again . The school supplies on Amazon , unlike many of Amazon 's other amazing deals are a rip-off .
 most items i buy from amazon I feel like I do n't need to check prices elsewhere and I was n't paying much attention to the price when I ordered these and I ca n't believe I spent over $ 4 on a stack of paper !!!! Do n't waste your time and money on this one .
 I 'm not very picky with paper , as long as it 's nice quality but Mead is no exception . Although Mead sells quality products , their looseleaf papers have always been a problem for me . The problem is that they have such a bad , cheap smell and the quality of the paper is very close to what I will find at a 99 cents store , minus the sandy texture . I 've been buying Staples paper for as long as I can remember and I find that their quality is so much nicer -LRB- and cheaper ! -RRB- . I do n't think I 'll even spend more than $ 1 on Mead looseleaf , let alone $ 4 .
 We used to camp out days in advance when the new model year 's ballpoints came out . Now people can simply have them shipped directly to their house right after release . Kids today will never know the excitement of flipping over a Bic truck and fighting over the contents , and we 'll never have another unifying event like the EraserMate Panic of 1981 . People have lost all sense of perspective in this country .
 These are almost 3 dollars for a dozen of them . After writing with one every day for several months , I found that it stopped working . Theres a built in ` power indicator ' kinda thing that reminds me of a thermometer . Well the black colored ` temperature reading ' of this thing has been steadily going down for months , is now at ` zero ' , and this pen wo n't work at all . What 's up with that ?! For almost 25 cents per pen , you think they could at least make a quality product that would n't stop working .
 The Bic Cristal Stic Ball Pen -LRB- Medium Point -RRB- is far too manly and uncomfortable for a woman 's soft , delicate hands . The little woman was forced to give these man-tools to me , her husband , who can operate them properly . I rewarded her with a box ofBIC Cristal For Her Ball Pen , 1.0 mm , Black , 16ct -LRB- MSLP16-Blk -RRB- . Now she can write her grocery lists pain free.Thanks Bic !
 You would think that now , in 2012 , our writing implements would be more advanced . As a consumer who has much experience with the older models of pens , I was expecting much more technological features in this pen by a trusted brand - Bic.Needless to say , when I received my pens I was ecstatic to try out this new version.I was very disappointed when I discovered that it is only any good at writing . Not only did it not have a voice-activated hands free function , but it would n't write in different colors , in different thicknesses , and I could n't even calibrate it to efficiently write in cursive ! Buyer beware - this thing is useless for signatures unless you have been properly educated the old fashioned way to sign your name.You get what you pay for .
 I recently bought these pens only to find they are not made for macs . In addition to only working with PC 's , I found that also lacked a USB 2.0 port , installation software , and were extremely susceptible to spyware . These pens are not y2k compatible and contain no slot for extra memory . All in all I was not impressed with this product .
 While I 'm sure this pen writes well , it 's resemblance to the family thermometer led me to stick it up my feverish kid 's -- . I left it in there for awhile , but when the liquid did n't move I realized my mistake . His limp is almost better , but I would recommend not leaving this BIC in the bathroom .
 Coming home a bit drunk after a bachelorette party a friend and I decided to go online to order some sex toys for use to use with our boyfriends . I do n't know if it was all that tequila we drank but we both went a bit crazy ordering various items . The next day we awoke to find ourselves in bed , together , naked , with my thong spinning around the room atop the ceiling fan . We were both pretty embarrassed . We 've not spoken in the weeks since then , but did manage to be cordial at the weeding in which we were both standing up in . The day after the wedding I received one of my Amazon boxes -LRB- you do n't even want to know how many I received since that one night -RRB- and was shocked to find a box of Bic Pens . I realized now , I thought I was ordering a Big Penis . These was was too narrow for my intended use -LRB- I tried -RRB- . They seem to write fairly well , though . Repeat , it 's not a big penis .
 For over 40 years I have used Bic brand , ball-point pens exclusively . Well ... that was until about nine years ago . The Bic brand used to be true to its slogan , `` Writes first time , every time . '' But that simply is not the case anymore . As a professional Illustrator , I not only used the Bic ball-point pen as my only writing tool , but used it to create an original art technique with it that no other brand could duplicate as well . But alas , I can no longer depend on the quality of these pens as they simply hardly ever work anymore . About nine years ago , I started noticing this problem . It was as if the ink was dried out and would not flow . I thought I had just gotten a bad pack , so I bought another pack at another store . Same problem . So I stopped buying them for about a year , and when I came back to Bic ... same problem . Now I use Papermate and Pilot brand . Pilot is much too runny and blobs up constantly , although it ALWAYS writes first time , every time . Very smooth as it glides across the paper . Papermate seems to have retained its consistency over the years and flows just about right , and is quite smooth . It has a slight blue tinge to the ink however , so it is not as black as the Bic . But the Bic is now useless , so Papermate is the pen for me . So in my opinion , do not waste your money on Bic ball-point pens . They 've always come at a cheap price , but unfortunately now , they 're just plain cheap ... as in , not worth the plastic they 're made out of . I almost could n't believe how bad they had become , so I risked buying another pack some months ago . No difference . You 'll have better luck drawing with a brick .
 While I 'm sure this pen writes well , it 's resemblance to the family thermometer led me to stick it up my feverish kid 's -- . I left it in there for awhile , but when the liquid did n't move I realized my mistake . His limp is almost better , but I would recommend not leaving this BIC in the bathroom .
 These pens are fine for writing on paper , which is great if your life is so friggin ' boring that you write on paper . I bought these so that I could draw on some small birds that I caught out in the woods behind my house . One was a cardinal . I think the other one was a sparrow but I ca n't be sure . When I tried to draw on them , the birds kept making a huge racket and getting all upset . They hated these pens . One got loose and flew all over the room , all freaking out and making noise . It scared my mom and knocked over a lamp and broke it . And all because of these stupid pens ! Also the ink just does n't work on feathers . You 'd think that someone at BIC would have the common decency to put some sort of label on the packaging warning people of this defect . Horrible product . My mom says I should make them pay for the lamp , but they probably could n't even write me a check because their pens are such a joke .
 Do not microwave the BIC Cristal Stic Ball Pens for use as handwarmers . They explode into a bloody mess in your microwave , and if the cristal breaks , the shards can really get under your fingernails.Be careful , there is no such warning on the packaging.Pros
 Users of this item should exercise extreme caution . The product arrives with neither instructions nor warnings about appropriate use . While excellent for the purpose of writing on paper , this product is useless for extracting eye motes , cleaning the ears of pets , and other tasks which its shape suggests . The absence of instructions left me wondering about proper use until my son -LRB- cleaver lad that he is -RRB- stopped playing video games long enough to demonstrate its use . And , he is only 37 years old . Is n't he a cleaver boy !
 BIC , YOU FLIPPIN SUCK ! My brother Kip and I nearly died the other day due to your shoddy product . We made a valiant attempt to revisit the year of 1982 in order to learn some sweet dance moves . When we put in the pen and Kip turned on the machine , it freakin ' killed . What a piece of crap . Kip noticed that your product seemed to be of inferior crystal . Are you guys freakin ' nuts ? My Uncle Rico is going to kill me if he ca n't use the machine to go back in time and take State like he planned . That machine better not be broken or I 'm gon na have to show your my bow staff skills . This is pretty much the worst pen ever made . You guys are retarded . Plus , it made my liger look like total crap . Gosh .
 the pens looked attractive online , but in real they was not attractive at all and the ink is not flowing though the pens properly making them annoying to use .
 The pens that were shipped were not retractable as per the title . They had a cap similar to the picture .
 The blade arm 's hub protrudes beyond the top alignment bar , preventing you from positioning your paper , photo , etc. squarely against the bar . The blade itself is visibly deformed near the three screws that hold it to the arm . After only a few uses , the non-adjustable arm-lifting spring stopped working -LRB- thereby creating a safety hazard for younger users -RRB- , and after several light uses the bottom blade was visibly sloped inward near the top . My other cutters lasted more than 5 years before showing signs of wear ; this one lasted less than 5 months . Not recommended .
 These pens are awful . The plastic pen is terribly constructed . It 's held together with plastic-on-plastic friction . If you press down too hard while writing , the top click-button mechanism pops off , along with the spring and ink barrel . You then have to re-assemble the pen by pushing it together to continue writing . If you press too hard again , it pops off again , and the pen falls apart . There 's no way to tighten it.In this day and age , making a decent pen should not be difficult . BIC is definitely saving money and skimping on quality .
 For over 40 years I have used Bic brand , ball-point pens exclusively . Well ... that was until about nine years ago . The Bic brand used to be true to its slogan , `` Writes first time , every time . '' But that simply is not the case anymore . As a professional Illustrator , I not only used the Bic ball-point pen as my only writing tool , but used it to create an original art technique with it that no other brand could duplicate as well . But alas , I can no longer depend on the quality of these pens as they simply hardly ever work anymore . About nine years ago , I started noticing this problem . It was as if the ink was dried out and would not flow . I thought I had just gotten a bad pack , so I bought another pack at another store . Same problem . So I stopped buying them for about a year , and when I came back to Bic ... same problem . Now I use Papermate and Pilot brand . Pilot is much too runny and blobs up constantly , although it ALWAYS writes first time , every time . Very smooth as it glides across the paper . Papermate seems to have retained its consistency over the years and flows just about right , and is quite smooth . It has a slight blue tinge to the ink however , so it is not as black as the Bic . But the Bic is now useless , so Papermate is the pen for me . So in my opinion , do not waste your money on Bic ball-point pens . They 've always come at a cheap price , but unfortunately now , they 're just plain cheap ... as in , not worth the plastic they 're made out of . I almost could n't believe how bad they had become , so I risked buying another pack some months ago . No difference . You 'll have better luck writing or drawing with a brick .
 So I bought these pens thinking they would do the job based on the reviews , but it turns out they have been so irritating I 'm going to return them . They leak ink onto the paper and onto your hands and it 's extremely frustrating because when you try to wipe it , the ink just smears and makes an even bigger mess . I 've never had any trouble with pens like these before and I would not recommend these nor purchase any more pens from bic in the future because of these pens . That is all .
 This is not the same quality as the &#34; BIC round stic GRIP fine &#34; I 've been buying for years but ca n't find any more ! The '' GRIP &#34; is the only pen I found that would always work to apply my signature to the reproductions I make of my wildlife carvings . The &#34; Round Stic F &#34; does not work ! Poor ink ? Bad tip ? I do n't know . Poor quality ? Yes . Stand up BIC ! Where did the &#34; GRIP fIne &#34; go ?
 These pens are junk . The ink always fails to flow smoothly and consistently . I 've gotten much better pens for free from trade shows .
 We bought a few of these together and several of them have leaked ink and badly . What more is there to say ? Get those pilot g2 gelwriters instead . They 're overpriced , but worth it . Or maybe there 's something else out there that writes elegantly like these do before they start leaking !
 Uni-Ball Vision Rollerball Pen , Micro Tip , .5 MM , Black Ink SAN60106Bought a box 8-10 months ago . Half are now dried up and will not write -LRB- pens I have n't even used yet ! -RRB- . I 'd think the ink would last longer .
 I have gone out of my way to use these specific pens for the last ten years . I like them because my handwriting is significantly better than with a normal Bic ballpoint . However , they seem to have their problems . The ink flow is not smooth on a lot of papers I 've used . Even brand new pens seem to write faint , like they 're running low on ink . They also run out of ink quickly , faster than I 'd ever expect . I use them for note-taking in college level classes and they are annoying to write with . These Micro tips are too fine . Too thin . The Fine tip is too thick and smeary . The pen search continues .
 I have been using these pens for years and years . Unfortunately the last box I received has been the worst set of pens - they are running dry after a couple days of use . Extremely odd and frustrating !
 The uni-ball micro rollers were the only pen I used for about 16 years , and I loved them . I always have a few in every backpack , coat , desk , and car . They were smooth and dark and writing with them made me feel smart and creative.And now , they 're worthless.I just ordered two new boxes , which is my usual behavior whenever I find there are n't a few immediately at hand in the usual locations . The box now has a `` helps prevent check fraud '' label . Indeed , I do n't imagine anyone can commit check fraud with PENS THAT DO N'T WORK.The ink is not as dark , it does n't flow as well when they are working , and they STOP WORKING ENTIRELY and scratch emptily across the page within 5 minutes of writing.So I just angrily threw both new boxes in the garbage . I 'm not upset about the wasted $ 16 , I 'm upset that now , after so many loyal years , I have to find a new brand .
 The last two times I bought a two-box supply of my favorite pen , the 60151 Uniball Roller , they have been terribly disappointing . They write beautifully as usual , but they only do that for a few days . After that they begin to skip , write pale-ly , the tip must be turned just so to get the ink to flow , and have to be tossed long before their time . I used these pens for years at work and they lasted for weeks . What happened ? I can only assume that the ones I bought the last two or three times from Amazon had been sitting on someone 's forgotten shelf for years before being put up for sale . I hope the new order I just placed will be more like what I was used to , once upon a time .
 Writes well . My impression when I first wrote with it was that it was really smooth.Maybe it 's the wideness and grip that dampens the writing compared to a full plastic , thin stick pen?But this thing , the Bic Soft Feel , has a major problem . The thing is press fitted together instead of screwed . So the tip slides itself into the barrel as you 're writing and you have press the two halves of the barrel back into each other after every 3 words you write.I guess you could super glue it together ... and perhaps not all of them have this problem ... but that 's my experience and it 's totally unacceptable.Update
 Watch out for these pens . Perhaps I had a defective batch - 25 % of them &#34; broke &#34; in my pocket . I do n't do anything rigorous with the pens in my pocket , i.e. jumping jacks , get tackled , go skydiving , so I 'm not really sure why I 've had such bad luck . I 've never had a problem with exploding pens . Back in my day , I gawked at kids in school whose pens exploded on them , not even believing such a thing was possible . I do think these pens write nice and people I come into contact with always try to steal them from me but I would n't recommend them for anyone who would be transporting these pens long distances on their person in their pocket . I would recommend getting these pens for someone you do n't like very much whose clothes you want to see ruined . If that 's what your looking for , these will definitely do the trick .
 I bought these pens thinking that I was getting a bargain . But you get what you pay for . The Ink is very faint on paper . If you 're going to buy BIC then go with the RoundStic pens .
 Between yearly orders of boxed dozens of the excellent Bic Soft Feel Retractable Ballpoint Pen , some idiot -- probably in marketing , not industrial design -- at Bic changed its perfect design to an unusable , worthless one . The pens now suck and wo n't be used by me again . Why ? The long , thin , flexible barrel -- elegant , pocket-fitting , unitary design -- was ruined . The barrel length was divided into two pieces , with the lower section being of larger diameter -- presumably because someone thought people would want a bulkier grip . That I could have lived with . However , the way the ink cartridge is held inside the barrel is that a tapered tip retains the cartridge with a spring against a bulge on the cartridge , so that the cartridge stays in and its tip is extended when the button is pressed . However , now that there is a two-part barrel , writing puts downward pressure on lower , bulkier barrel section , while upward pressure on the cartridge put opposing pressure on the upper section of the barrel . The upper and lower barrel sections are not glued together , and their press-fit is not tight , so the lower barrel section separates from the upper barrel section . This causes the exposed length of cartridge tip to be reduced , the pen to become sloppy to keep steady in its writing path -- and eventually the lower section separates from the upper and has to be forced back , either by squeezing upper and lower sections in the fingers of two hands and twisting and pressing them together , or retracting the cartridge and tapping the tapered tip on a hard surface , forcing the two sloppy barrel sections together . Unfortunately , as the barrel sections are so sloppy , this has to be done about once a minute . -LRB- Astute readers will notice that the same problem must have existed with just one long barrel section and a retaining tip , because the basic design is the same , but with only two sections . This is true . But the earlier design 's parts fitted much more tightly , and the tapered tip did not become separated until many hours of writing , and the tapping it back infrequently was bearable , especially given the general superiority of the product . -RRB- The product superiority also previously extended to the high quality of the ball point itself , which was among the cleanest , best-flowing , long-lasting , and legible of all inexpensive pens . Alas , the ball point quality has also suffered -LRB- or I just have a bad batch -RRB- . Yes , there are workarounds
 If you are a fan of soft feel retractable pens , you will probably like these ones . They work fine.But have you tried their older cousin , the classic BiC Cristal Stics -LRB- and I mean * classic , * like 1959 classic -RRB- ? They are cheap-looking , ultra-simple pens , so they may not have graced your hand if you -LRB- like me -RRB- thought that a pen needs to be `` soft feel '' or `` rubber gripped '' to be comfortable . But then you 'd be -LRB- like I was -RRB- missing the genius of these pens.The classic BiC 's were designed exceptionally , like bizarrely well . And I do n't mean in a quaint , historical way . In a modern way -- no , in a * timeless * way -- the classic BiC 's adhere magnificently to principles of space , form , structure , density , and gravity . Because of their hexagonal shape , they require minimal plastic while also retaining a surprising strength -LRB- try snapping one -RRB- , and the hexagonal grip points give the pens impressive writing stability . A tiny hole drilled in the barrel 's body keeps the air pressure the same both inside and outside the pen . Gravity feeds the thick ink down a tube to a free-spinning ball bearing that was manufactured within a fraction of a micron of accuracy . The result is that when the pen is pressed against paper , the ink slides out cleanly and , well , ... perfectly . It 's not only one of the most inexpensive pens -LRB- less than $ 1.50 for a pack of 10 -RRB- , it 's also probably the most efficient pen , with a single pen able to write over 100,000 words -LRB- or about 2 novels -RRB- . Hopefully this helps you understand why , when describing the classic BiC 's , I am comfortable using the word `` masterpiece . `` And hopefully this helps you understand why , in comparison , clunky and over-designed `` soft feel '' pens seem somewhat repulsive.Sorry if I come off as a pen snob .
 This looks exactly like the pen I have used many times before . For some reason , all the pens in this box are not consistent with the same exact pens I have used before . The ink is dull , its grey-ish/blue . I have a crappy staples pen , and that pen writes darker then this.The ` black ' ink is not black . It 's not dark at all.Maybe I had a few defective pens ? I tried all 12 . They all do not perform well.Does the pen work ? YesDoes it fit everybody 's review ? NoWould I buy it again here ? No . But somewhere else - yes
 These pens work wonderfully for the first 5 minutes of use . After that the ink becomes more of a dark gray than a black . I would not buy these again .
 It turned out that I was disappointed in these pens , because they seem to dry up too soon , and they do n't flow freely .
 I purchased a box of 12 Uniball pens , I even showed the listing to friends to make sure that the add was for 12 pens and not one . But they shipped me one pen , and charged me 6.99 shipping to boot ! I refused the shipment , as per my postal carrier 's instructions , and tried to contact the company , but they never even tried to get back to me . So , lesson learned .
 YOU SENT THE WRONG PENS.I WANTED UNIBALL VISION ELITE . THAT 'S A GREAT PEN . YOU DID THIS TO MY DAUGHTER IN NJ . TOO . WHAT 'S WRONG WITH YOU GUYS ?
 changing color of ink was stupid , it was a good pen - now it is just more junk - do n't buy it and maybe they will get the message
 Package was damaged and only contained 11 not the entire dozen pens . Wish there was an easy way for me to tell the vendor what happened , but could only leave packaging feedback . Tech Armor , another vendor , was fabulous and actually provided me with an entire new set of protective covers for my phone when I left feedback that I could not lift off a sticker.Have no idea who fulfilled the pen order , but I hope they will send me the 12th pen , and preferably in packaging that is intact and does n't look like it was trampled upon .
 I have used these pens for the last 5 years and been very happy with them . However , they have changed the ink used in the pens . They call it `` super-ink '' and claim that it helps stop check fraud . That sounds great , but the ink itself no longer has that deep bold blue color I 've come to love . I 'm very disappointed with this change as I will now have to find a new brand .
 This pen has been a long time favorite . No longer . The new `` super ink '' color -LRB- much lighter blue -RRB- does not translate well if you need to fax the document on which it is used . I am now in search of a new pen in the same price range .
 I have used this product for over a decade now ... it 's the perfect pen as far as I was concerned . But Uni-Ball changed the color ink in their blue pens . The ink is now more a robin 's egg blue rather than the deep , rich navy blue the pens used to have . I guess the new ink helps prevent check fraud -- but most of the time I 'm not writing checks.I 'm off of this product . Shame on Uni-ball for `` fixing '' something that was n't broken !
 This is classic case of `` improving '' a previously great product and then just screwing it all up . Someone should be fired for the so called `` super ink '' fiasco . I 've been buying these pens by the box full since the mid 1990s , but now they 're being marketed with a new design . There are two BIG problems with this - first the pens have obviously been engineered down because now , every time I try to use them when I travel , they leak in flight . I 've ruined two expensive dress shirts as a result . The second is this so called `` super ink '' which comes out looking like faded blue poster paint . I mean the old design had a smooth , dark , and bold coverage . But these new designs have a faded look that to me seems like the ink is always about to run dry . Thumbs down to these changes . Someone really should lose their jobs for this one .
 The new `` fraud prevention ink '' is horrible . It does not flow as well , it is a lighter shade of blue , and the pens seems to `` die '' almost immediately . Please , for the love of god , go back to the old blue - your stupid ink is n't going to prevent one act of fraud .
 This had become my favorite cheap pen , looks professional for a throwaway , writes great and was decent color blue . Unfortunately as others have stated they ruined the pen with light , wimpy blue . Too bad since it was a five but the terrible color now makes it a 1 star at best .
 I have been struggling for sometime now to find a green ink pen that writes decent and is a color of green ink that is actually usable . This is another one in the pile of scrap . The ink is a typical color , but the pen does n't write very smoothly . Depending on the tilt of your hand depends on how well it writes , and sometimes it just does n't . I find often I have to dot my i 's several times , or maybe half of a word or a letter is missing . I might try a less fine point , but I 'm losing hope . I do n't want to be stuck using cheap ball point pens , but at least they work correctly .
 I 've been using a Uniball micro point green pen for over a decade to write . The ink color was unusual enough to stand out , but dark and professional looking . Their new formula -LRB- I 'm assuming to get the `` check fraud prevention '' feature -RRB- is about six shades lighter and the contrast between old formula and new is just awful . The old formula looked as professional as blue ink . The new formula looks like you 're writing with one of the pens that comes in a multi-pack for teenaged girls to organize their notes by color . It 's too light , too cheap-looking , too girlish . I happen to BE a girl , but it 's still awful . I want a pen that looks like it would be used by a professional , not a high school student.Fix your formula , Uniball ! I have no idea why you bother to have the check-fraud prevention feature on this pen anyway , seeing as it 's actually illegal to accept a check written in anything other than blue or black ink , but I do not want to have to find a new pen after being a loyal customer of these pens -LRB- by the dozen -RRB- for years . Your blue formula has also lightened - not as much as the green , but still , it looks less professional than it used to . Please fix it .
 I love these pens usually . I always buy them in stores but it seems like the ones I got from Amazon just have no ink in them ? they are very uneven and like what someone else here said they pens run out of ink and then you have to scribble to get the ink to come out again and then it writes ok for a few words then stops again ? Maybe amazon got a bad batch of these pens I dont know .
 All around this was not a great pen to write with , the ink flow is not consistent and it absorbs into the paper too much making the writing look very faded . I prefer pens that have ink that stands out and is very bold , so this pen did not cut it for me . It 's also very scratchy because the ink is not very lubricating , so unfortunately this pen did n't cut it for me . The only good thing about this pen , IMO , is that it actually writes .
 I have n't found one pen that will let me write more than a few letters before it runs out of ink . My homework looks like a `` Wheel of Fortune '' puzzle . I 've tried 8 different pens , and I 've tried varying the pressure on the pen and the types of paper . No luck . These are going back . I used to trust Uniball 's reputation , but these are terrible .
 Strange ! I used this product on later 80s . And it remains in the same disturbing quality ! I like Uni products for their quality except this one . Moreover refill ink is not available in the market . So , its a one time use product .
 If you generally use a lot of pressure this pen will be perfect , but since I do n't think I you should have to etch into a notebook in order to write some notes -- I hated this . Also the pen itself is very thing , making it difficult to grip and write with . The ink is too bold for my tastes and tends to bleed onto the second page . I thought this was a great deal , but now I have 12 useless pens . Honestly , I would prefer the cheapo Bic pens over this . It then again , that 's just me .
 I bought these pens because they were rated so highly on Amazon . Well , either I got stuck with a bad box or my expectations were too high . These pens were terrific the 1st time writing with them , the ink does n't bleed or leak and writes smoothly on the paper . After a couple days of use however , each pen became worthless to me because it apparently ran out of ink .
 These pens write way too thin . You have to push really hard to let the ink flow smoothly . Does n't really worth it .
 I just came out of a meeting and my palms are black because this pen leaked in the middle of a meeting . Not only was it exceedingly embarrassing , my $ 80 dress shirt is also tainted . You can not save money by buying cheap pens that ruin expensive things .
 These pens have failed . Me at least . These pens work amazingly for the first few use 's , but then the ball gets stuck and ink flow is intermittent , and I am forced to throw the pen out and reach in the box for another . Went through the pack in two weeks -- TERRIBLE . Definitely worth spending a little more for a better quality pen .
 I love how these pens write and I am picky ! I have ink stains everywhere though because I tend to leave the cap off . Oh , this is annoying ! It got all over my couch and new purse so these pens are a huge disappointment . Too bad because the price is so nice .
 very short supply of ink . lasts only abut 3/4 of the other brands . I will shift to another brand next time i order pens
 not really what I was expecting . It writes great but has the feel of a pen that you get at a grand opening
 These are fine pens but this SKU is for singles , NOT boxes of twelve as the product title suggests . Do n't inadvertently pay $ 8 for a single pen !
 Amazon sent the wrong item , not what I ordered . Now I have to waste time I do n't have trying to get it returned . !!!!! Paul
 But , the subcontractor to Amazon , Deerso Company , never sent the correct product.They sent E9416 instead of P9416 which is the Ultimate High Performance glue from Elmer 's .
 The Uni-ball vision pens are among the best
 I LOVE Onyx Micro Point Roller Ball Pens . It 's the ONLY pen I buy and use . When I placed the order , at checkout , I received a message that this particular vendor 's item was out of stock , without mention of when she might have more . I assumed that meant that item was not ordered . Imagine my surprise when I was charged for it the very next day . Ten days later , I received a package ... damaged ... of the wrong item ... with only a partially full box of the INCORRECT item ! I was pretty miffed and stated the same to the vendor , asking for an immediate credit to my account . I was pleasantly surprised when my account was credited the following day , with an apology from the vendor , as well . I will not likely order from this vendor again , only because first impressions are everything , and this was my first and only disappointment with an Amazon vendor . In Dodot 's defense , she did credit my account without hesitation . Hopefully , she has learned that it 's better to lose an initial sale and maybe have a chance of getting one later , than it is to take a sale , provide poor service , and lose a customer forever .
 The product description is INCOMPLETE/INACCURATE ! There was a button that asked for more info so I pointed out that the original description did not tell how fine the point was . The smart Alec review kept popping up ` fine point ' in numerous earlier reviews.My old pens are 0.3 mm ... and the new ones are 0.7 mm . Sorry , in my book more than twice as big is not the same . I will shop around more next time - and see if I ca n't get a clearer , more honest review.No complaints about Amazon 's delivery
 This was very misleading . It said package of 12 when there was only 1 in the box . I know they knew that was not 12 when they shipped that out .
 I like writing with pens , especially gels and rollerballs . These are subtly stylish and write wonderfully , with a rich blue ink . Unfortunately , I 've had several of them leak on my fingers -LRB- makes for a nice surprise when you are in class taking notes -RRB- . Perhaps I got a bad batch or something . I really wanted to like these , but I just ca n't trust them .
 Brand new pens leak when you least expect them to and several times a day . Works great , love the feel , hate my hands being stained . This is n't from a single pen either , I 've had this experience with 5 brand new pens . My co-workers have the same experiences as our supply manager thinks they are great . Poor quailty .
 While I love the thinness of the lines that I 'm able to write , I can not stand how they often they leak all over the place . I received them a week ago , have attempted to use 3 of the 12 and already I have had to throw 2 of them away because they leaked all over my hands . It is really embarrassing to go to a client meeting with blue stains all over your hands .
 I 've used these pens for years and have always loved how well they write . In fact , they 're my go-to pen when I have a choice in the matter . Perhaps I got a bad box , but 95 % of the pens I have used so far have leaked ink everywhere . I 'm incredibly tired of having blue hands . I will not buy these again .
 The Sanford Uniball Onyx pens are about the best pens ever made , however , do not buy the -LRB- 60145 -RRB- Blue . It does not work - the ink cuts out . It 's possible that I got a bad batch , but really , stay away from this pen . Buy a different model number . Also , I highly recommend the Uniball Onyx Micro rather than the Fine .
 I purchased these strictly based on the reviews , but honestly , I 'm not sure what the hype is all about . The pen is attractive , the ink does dry fast , and it 's certainly comfortable to hold . However , actually writing with it was a very disappointing experience . It felt scratchy/rough on the paper , was n't what I would consider to be smooth , and did n't lay down much ink . I personally liked the Bic z4 Needle Point -LRB- 0.5 mm -RRB- much better , but they are no longer available in 0.5 mm.UPDATE
 I used to get these pens all the time because they printed bold , were waterproof , did n't skip , wrote smoothly and did n't stop writing till all the ink was gone . I do n't know what they did to these pen , but they do not do any of the above now . The blue ink does n't even look the same . I pretty sure they 've changed the formulation of the ink . I think I bought 3 boxes . I tried several and never found one that was any good . Why ca n't manufacturers leave a good product alone !
 These are my favorite pens HOWEVER they were evidentally advertised incorrectly on Amazon as a DOZEN when in actuality it was the price for ONE pen . Called CSN and their remedy was for me to send back all of the pens that I ordered and get a refund because they were unable to honor the advertised price . This is ridiculous ! Get it right CSN ! Check your ads before posting so that you do n't lose customers over stuff like this!Update
 I LOVE THESE PENS . I CAN GET BLACK AND BLUE REFILLS , BUT CAN NOT GET THE RED REFILLS !!!!!!!!!!!!! THE RED IS WHAT I USE THE MOST OF ... . VERY DISAPOINTED THAT THE RED REFILLS ARE NOT OFFERED !!!!!!!!!!
 brend new , out of the package shows the same on the paper or real money . i just can not trust it .
 This pen may do what it advertises . But , at my first attempt to use it , the tip slid into the barrel and was impossible to retrieve . It has been awhile since this all happened , so maybe they have solved the problem . When I saw that this pen was still being marketed I decided to write this review . The pen is less expensive now . Maybe I 'll give it another try . I gave the product 2 stars instead of one in consideration that even good products have a failure now and then .
 For $ 2.58 it sure ca n't hurt to buy one of these -- I have one and use it . Just NEVER EVER relay on a pen test ALONE !!! The problem is that it is ridiculously EASY for the bad guys to make a fake pass the pen test . I wo n't say how , but your jaw would drop if I told you how easy they can make any piece of paper pass the pen test.The BETTER thing to do is to check the water mark image and the writing on the security strip with a back light , and test the security strip under an ultra violet light . Amazon sells a few of these testers . Also buy a powerful magnifying glass to test for printing detail . If you like you can go even further by testing for magnetic ink -LRB- that all real bills have -RRB- with a neodymium magnet .
 THE REFILLS COST MORE THAT THE ENTIRE PEN ITSELF ! WHAT 'S THE POINT?uni - ball Gel Impact RT Retractable Bold Point Blue Ink Pen Refills , 2 Pack -LRB- 65874PP -RRB-
 I thought this item was too good to be true . The description says it is a 12 pack . It even lists the original price of $ 38.49 which would be the price of a dozen pens . Wow , I thought 12 of one of the best pens made for only $ 2.44 . A little hard to believe , but I jumped at the opportunity to buy them at this price , even though the shipping was rather high . As it turned out , I only received 1 pen , not a box of pens . What a disappointment . The seller needs to make the description clear that the price is for only 1 pen !
 OK , I love these pens . LOVE them.But , they do run out unbelievably quickly , and after throwing out the bazillionth pen this afternoon , I remembered that they were refillable . So , I came , hoping to just buy a good supply of refills , and learned that the refills cost more than the actual pens.Needless to say , I 'll be buying the pens instead.Way to be environmentally conscious , Uni-ball . :--LRB- Might I suggest that -LRB- a -RRB- you find some way of putting larger reservoirs into these wonderful pens , and -LRB- b -RRB- that you revise your pricing structure to account for the fact that YOU are saving the trouble and expense of manufacturing pens , when you sell a refill instead?Thanks .
 I purchased the uni-ball Gel Bold Point Pen Ink Refill and did not get much use out of the first one . It lasted maybe 2 weeks -LRB- and I work on a computer so I do n't write much besides lists -RRB- . It started skipping like it was out of ink , and then stopped working completely . I 'm really disappointed in this , and I hope it was a fluke and I actually get some use out of the second one .
 This store either shipped the wrong items or described them wrong.I already had the pens and wanted refills , to save money and the environment.I got pens instead , and 1/2 as many -LRB- since pens cost twice as much -RRB- . Further , they were not in retail boxes , but bulk in rubber bands , so it seems as if they are buying bulk orders and reselling them.Misleading , but returning would have cost too much to worry about -LRB- money saved out the window -RRB- . Do n't order from this company ... -LRB- PS - and yes , I submitted the same review for different refill products because I ordered ALL of those products in one shipment and got PENS instead of REFILLS for all products ordered !! -RRB-
 If you searched for `` rollerball refill '' for Parker it leads you to this link -LRB- as of right now -RRB- . The main picture on Amazon shows the real ROLLERBALL refill , but as you can carefully observe by the -LRB- current -RRB- description , picture , and typed words ABOVE this is NOT the rollerball refill but the BALLPOINT refill , which is exactly what you will get if you order this . Of course ballpoint will not fill your rollerball pen and you will be doubly grouchy that you ca n't use your wonderfull Parker rollerball . It 's just some stupid screwup that no has bothered fixing . I told this company today and I told Amazon . Hopefully they will fix it . Please , notify Amazon if you mistakenly order this so that they will finally take it down . I have already lost money on ordering this once and almost did it again .
 Parker 's ballpoint pens are not very good . They do n't write very well or dark and are not very nice to work with.I DO like their roller-ball pens though . They 're like writing with a fountain pen without all the mess , highly recommended . Though beware that some of the cheaper pens might lack durability in securing of the cap .
 The refills are not worth the money you think you are saving . The threads on the screw-in refill are not substantial , and when you try to pull the cap off the pen , the bottom comes off in your hand , and you are left with the cap on the refill . Very inconvenient and not at all satisfactory .
 Here 's a test for you . Put the point of one of these uniball pens on a paper towel and watch the ink just spread . Do the same with a papermate and there is no ink transfer . Why does this matter ? Because if you happen to have one of these pens on your desk and it comes into contact with your sleeve , you can forget about that shirt . I have banned all these pens from my office .
 This is a good pen . As a teacher , I value a pen with ink that flows freely and a fine point -LRB- for writing between the lines -RRB- . Since I do a lot of grading , I also value a pen with a good ergonomic design , and I like being able to see when I am about to run out of ink . The only reason I rated this one star is because it is listed as a box of 12 pens , when what I actually received was a single pen . I was looking for a deal online to stretch my teacher 's salary to cover the supplies that my school ca n't buy for me -- I was not looking for a way to throw away an extra few dollars on shipping so that I end up spending enough on one pen to cover an entire box at full price . For shame , whoever wrote this description . The rest of us have better things to do than second guess the descriptions we find on Amazon.The day after I posted this review , I noticed that the price of the pen had doubled -LRB- then later tripled -RRB- , the seller 's name had been changed -LRB- the previous listed seller also let me know that their name was listed incorrectly -RRB- , and someone had posted a five-star review -LRB- backdated several years -RRB- of the pen to counteract my one star . -LRB- The pen itself is indeed worth five stars ! -RRB- Somebody 's trying to pull the wool over Amazon 's -LRB- and their customers ' -RRB- eyes here . Order these pens from a different seller ! There are others listed on Amazon.Further update
 The refills are great . I 've used this pen and the refills for years . The distributor , on the other hand , was very misleading . There are two refills in a package . The description leads you to believe you are buying them per package ... . ordering twelve means twelve packages , right ? Nope . It meant twelve refills ... only six packages . Thus making them very expensive . RIP OFF !!!
 I really want to give this pen and refills a 5 because they do write very smoothly , but here 's the problem
 I have purchased quite a bit of bubble wrap on Amazon , and I must say this is the worst I have ever tried ! Not only did it ship in a flimsy plastic bag , which had several holes in , but the bubble wrap itself is very flimsy . The perforations are extremely hard to find , the the overall quality is just really cheep . I would not by this again !
 The air leaked out of the bubbles on this product very quickly , it was useless after 30 days.Look elsewhere .
 After buying this product I purchased a box of bubble wrap at Sam 's Club . The cost as about the same but the quality of the bubble wrap I bought at Sams was much better !
 I purchased the Canon Pixma ip8500 photo printer -LRB- best photo printer available -RRB- and this was the free pack of photo paper that Amazon gave for free as a promotion . Let me tell you , its not even worth getting for free . the five free Canon paper that came with the printer were way better than the Burlington . Even set on high print quality using a 5.0 megapixel image , the 4x6 picture printed with weird shading and lines . If you want your memories to last , dont use this paper !! The Canon Pixma printed great with Kodak and the best on the Canon paper .
 I 've had a mouse rug at work for years so I bought this set for use at home . The design is very pretty and the matching coaster is great . I like that it 's thinner than my old mouse pad , roughly half the depth.However , it does not work well at all with my laser mouse . Using an optical mouse is fine , but laser tracking is poor , resulting in very uneven pointer movement -LRB- drags , skips , drags some more -RRB- . In addition , the surface is wearing away where my wrist rests against it . Granted , my home setup is not ergonomic -LRB- the desk is higher -- or my chair is shorter ? -- than is optimal for computing -RRB- , so there is more contact and friction between my wrist and the rug here vs. sitting at my work desk , but it did n't take very long before erosion started . The rest of the rug is still holding up fine , though .
 I had a similar clipboard to this that lasted for years . This one lasted a few months and started to crack around the edges . This is because when you cut acrylic like this the edges need to be fire polished - i.e. heated a bit to harden the plastic around the edge . My original one surely was fire polished , and this one was not . Like most chinese garbage , expect to buy a new one in a few months .
 It came in pieces . I do n't reccomend anyone buy this . Sorry not worth the time . You would have better luck else where .
 This year I decided to shop for my kids ' school supplies online at Amazon . So , in the middle of July , I tackled both School Supply Lists and was able to get almost all of their supplies delivered to our door - it was wonderful ! However , for a few items such as this clipboard , it was n't a complete success.This was on my kindergartener 's school supply list and I was really excited to get this for her since the colour is so vibrant . I loved it when I saw it , the colour was just right for her and the clip at the top seemed secure but not impossible to open.However , she managed to break it - quite by accident - when she dropped her school bag ! Now , this clipboard being plastic , it is n't unexpected that it would break but I just did n't think it would break quite that easily . And also , the two pieces are quite sharp so I 'm happy I was around when it happened . So , while this might be a good product for the home office or the adult briefcase , I would not recommend it for kids .
 I do not understand why a white piece of paper with tabs and some stickers would cost a hundred dollars , these tabs look nicer than your average insertable tabs but definitely NOT worth the money ...
 Reeves , in my opinion , is not user friendly . There are so many wonderful paint-by-number companies that make it so much easier to follow , use better paint , better canisters , and a MUCH easier canvas in terms of lay out.Reeves shocks me ! The only diagram is on the back of the box vs. a separate sheet . The paints are difficult to open without making a mess . But what really makes me crazy with them is that they do n't supply any details so you have to rely on the picture on the box AND the way they set up the mixed colors is frustrating.Fortunately or unfortunately , their pictures are usually fabulous -LRB- if you can improvise on details on your own -RRB- . Since they insist on using double numbers for mixed colors -LRB- i.e. 22/40 -RRB- and they do n't always fit in the space , they use an arrow-like line . That means that you ca n't go ahead and paint that space because then the space where it is pointing to has obliterated numbers unless you look at the back of the box top . And if you paint the ` arrowed ' space , then you paint the arrow-like line and you see sets of numbers in the next space -LRB- that previously pointed there -RRB- and it gets so confusing.In other sets , particularly PaintWorks , the paints are easy to open/close , they are joined together so it 's not all individual pots , the mixed colors are labeled with a letter and a LEGEND is supplied ! They supply all of the details except in VERY few instances . And , if you call customer service , they actually know how to help you with those details with great suggestions.I try to avoid Reeves but once in a while someone requests one of them for a gift and I suffer through because the end result really is great .
 Not only did I receive the wrong paint for one of the colors -LRB- yellow for gray -RRB- the colors do n't come close to matching the picture . The amusing thing is that I actually paint on my own and was just doing this for the nostalgia factor .
 I had ordered several paintings as a gift for Christmas . I lost track of the ones I ordered . But this is one I DID N'T receive .
 This order only includes one folder , but it says `` 25 per box '' and no where does it indicate this is for a single folder . The price would be reasonable for one , however with the shipping it is quite expensive .
 Save your money ! This is the most cumbersome shredder I have ever used . The shredder top is very heavy and difficult to remove when emptying the basket and is very prone to paper jams , no matter the number of sheets inserted . The basket leaves the shredded paper exposed for children and pets to pull out onto the floor . Very poor design . I gave this one away and purshased another model . Again , save your $ $ $ $ $ $ !
 This shredder is a bit louder and more cumbersome than I was hoping for . It does shred just fine and never has jammed , but definitely has an industrial-strength whirring when it 's running . One major problem
 I am far from impressed with this shredder . The automatic feed function broke the first month . Despite never feeding it more than 3 light sheets of paper or 1 heavy sheet of paper at a time and cleaning/oiling it monthly or more , it has died right before the 2 year point . In addition , the can portion is ridiculously small and the shredded paper constantly backs up and clogs the shredder .
 You get less than you pay for with this . Jams continually and after using it just a few times , it 's completely died .
 This shredder broke after being used 3 times , following directions . Save your money and buy a more heavy duty model !
 I am seriously unhappy with this shredder . I have one , same make and model . Had purchased this for my son to replace his smaller one . Just unpacked and set it up yesterday , April 6th , ran one 4-sheet pass through it , and it sounds like a threshing machine ... like something is badly worn . Mine is several years old , heavily used , and does not make this noise . I have not had time to contact Amazon yet regarding the problem , but wish to package and return this item . If the review may also serve as notification , well and good , and please respond with instructions for its return . I still have the original packing , will not set it out for trash collection . I have been away most days , no free time until evenings , so was going to try contacting Amazom Friday or Saturday , when I hope to be home.Thank you.Please send to my email address , cg629@outdrs.net
 Some idiot bought this for my office ; the waste bin is a rickety , 2-part ordeal that 's split down the middle for some odd reason . Also , there 's no handgrabs or handles or anywhere to put your fingers and lift the shredder mechanism off -LRB- see photo -RRB- . The shredder mechanism fits flushly against the bin . When I put it down today , I pinched my finger between the bin and the mechanism , and I 've got a huge blood blister now and it hurt like hell . This thing is rickety and dangerous !
 Given the price of this shredder , I 'm disappointed that I did n't get the cross cut version . I shred a lot , including CDs , DVDs , and credit card junk that comes in the mail , but the cross cut version is $ 10 more and adds more security to the shredded output .
 This laminator is terrible . It will ruin 1 in 4 items laminated if not more . The machine always gets jammed and it is difficult to unjam . I am very disappointed and irritated with this produce . Would not recommend it to anyone .
 I bought three of these
 What we have here is a good idea but a poorly made product . You get a little robot that looks like it was made in the 1950 's -LRB- but plastic not metal -RRB- and it walks once it is wound up . You can wind it with your pencil or with the key that comes with it and then it will walk a few inches -LRB- or slip in place on a smooth surface -RRB- . The pencil sharpening part is the same single blade sharpener your get at a five and dime store . It works but not well . When you wind the robot using the pencil it sounds like you are over-winding but if you stop turning the pencil it wo n't be sharp . I picked this up for my son and he has decided to use it as a robot and forget about the pencil sharpener.Not recommended .
 Of all the paper trimmers I 've owned and used , this one is the worst . The blade is surprisingly weak , barely able to cut through a sheet of cardstock after the first pass . The cut also is n't straight ; no matter how delicately or forcefully I passed the blade , it always wavered throughout the cut . I 've had paper trimmers that had similar problems , but none with the lack of consistency that this paper trimmer has . Angling my paper into what I think might be the blade 's trajectory has n't helped , because the blade wobbles as I cut . I could get more accurate cuts with a guillotine trimmer . While some customers appear happy with their Fiskars product , others seem to have had the same problems I 've had -LRB- based off reviews for this and other Fiskars paper trimmers -RRB- . While the other features of this particular Fiskars product are nice , like the plastic guard , overall , the paper trimmer does not do what I want it to , which is cut a precise straight line , every time . For the price I expected much better quality .
 I made two cuts with this product before it broke . The mechanism are made of small cheap plastic parts . The description says it will cut through 10 sheet , but it wo n't even come close . I was hoping to be able to cut through cardstock , but no way .
 Does not cut straight , blade was dull at start , very disappointed with this brand , not as good as the last trimmer I had which was a Cricut .
 I bought this cutter with a coupon at JoAnn 's a few months ago . The additional fancy cutting disks sounded intriguing , so I also bought a wavy cutting disc.My first disappointment was that this trimmer barely managed to cut one sheet of cardstock with one pass . I have to really press down and go back and forth for it to go through . Nobody else mentions this , so I 'm wondering if I got a dud?Then , when I decided to try the wavy blade , when I pulled the bade out of its holder it at first gave resistance but then came up in a curve and straight into my finger . It truly is sharp , because it went almost to the bone . My fault , I thought , maybe I held the thing wrong when I pulled the blade out ? Except , I ca n't figure out a safe way to hold onto the mechanism without exposing my hand to utter danger . Managed to get he wavy cut blade out without shredding myself , but did n't the exact same thing happen again the next time ?!!! My husband gave me a leather finger guard because the second time the blade had gone to the bone . I do n't know if it 's because I 'm left handed
 The measurements on this cutter do not match my staedtler ruler , which caused me to ruin several pieces of expensive specialty paper . It is also missing the measurements in between 3 and 4 inches before the arm that pulls out , making it impossible to measure -LRB- well , precisely measure -RRB- 3.5 inches . Paper also fans when cutting , even if you 're firmly holding it in place .
 I was looking for a paper cutter for small projects that I occasionally run into as a designer -LRB- prototyping , photo trimming , etc -RRB- . I bought this item because of the other reviews on this page . I first noticed an issue when trimming photo paper - the trimmer would n't cut all the way through the photo paper I was cutting . I was using the guides on the trimmer to find my cuts . The guides were good . The second issue was noted when I was trimming to a mark -LRB- not using the guides -RRB- . There is no way to line up the trim line -LRB- know where the blade will strike -RRB- .
 I respectfully disagree with the other reviewers as my experience with this ballpoint pen has been awful . While mine says it 's a medium , it is certainly not a 1.0 line . Mine is more a fine medium point . The blue ink is smudgy , the ball is scratchy and frequently blobs ink on the paper . It never starts writing without first exercising the point . Upon first using it there is an annoying movement at the tip that clicks it into the section . Generally when I begin using a ballpoint , I use it to the end , but with a quarter of the ink left in this pen , I 'm throwing it out ; enough is enough . While it is possible I simply got a bad one , I strongly recommend you do not buy this pen .
 Why pay this much for an Avery e-Grip , when you can get a Bic large grip pen for more than a dollar less and order 12 refills directly from Bic for only $ 5 ? I 've been all over local stores and the web looking for e-Grip refills and ca n't find them in local retail stores at all . On the web , all I can find is 2 refills for prices ranging from $ 2 to $ 3.75 and THEN the suppliers want shipping charges from $ 7.95 to $ 12.95 . This , for a couple of plastic refills that weigh less than an ounce . I 'd call these accursed refills about the most poorly provided product support I 've ever seen for any office supply .
 It 's a really nice , sturdy pen/pencil combo . But the stylus does not work . At all . Not one little hyperlink linked ; useless !
 I got this to go with an app program on my iPad . First off , no where does it tell you that it does n't work with these capacitive surfaces . That includes the packaging . I 'm returning it and I 'm ticked off . C'mon Avery , make it CLEAR for your CUSTOMERS!So I will ; Do not buy this for use with iPhone or iPad . It will simply not work .
 The stylus on this pen does not work on my iPad . The pen is ok but I can get a pen anytime , anywhere . Do n't waste your money !
 Nice looking product . Does not work for capacitive touch screens that detect heat -LRB- energy -RRB- . A little frustrating since I read a lot of reviews and must have missed it . Darn .
 Need to put uses in description . Seemed like great idea until I paid $ 10 for a pen / pencil I can get anywhere . Does seem like it would be sturdy but without use on iPad , it 's going back . I hope they do n't try the 20 % restock fee , if so , I will be sure never to use there services again , customer service gets my attention .
 I just purchased this pen , it 's not for iPad some of you may already know this but I thought I 'd add my 2 cents .
 I own a couple of these Paper Mate PhD pens and also a couple of the main competitor , the Pilot Dr. Grip . Both of them are about the same in writing comfort , and the OEM ink cartridges are fine . The PhD refill are metal and more expensive , vs. the Dr. Grip refills are plastic and less expensive . The problem with the PhD pens is that the black rubber -LRB- synthetic ? -RRB- grip disintegrates over time . It also seems to absorb the oils from your skin and develops an oily film . It feels a little gross using an `` old '' pen . On the other hand , the Dr. Grips have a white silicone grip that feels like new even after many years .
 I know its just a pen , but its a great deal if you like what they give you.I have several of these pens and they write great , thats why I ordered it on line for a good price.The feel of the pen is comfortable ... I did not recieve the correct order and I ca n't seem to get what I ordered.I like the pen and just want what I ordered !
 Yes , this is a fine pen . I especially like the grip . But my pen died in six months , and when I opened it to insert a refill , the pen came apart . The spring apparently jammed , and I had to throw the entire thing away . One expects more from Papermate .
 I 'm not sure why this product is still being sold on Amazon ? I ordered 3 of them , and then several days later received a letter saying they no longer carry this item .
 I wanted to treat myself to a nice pen but did n't want to spend an extravagant amount of money on it . So after reading the good reviews on the Paper Mate PhD , I decided to buy it.I 've been using it for a couple of days now and I just do n't like this pen 's writing ability . The &#34; Lubriglide &#34; system does n't glide at all . The pen skips a lot and the ink comes out looking a dull grey rather than a sharp black . And when I write , the ballpoint clatters against the edge where it emerges from the pen , giving me this constant rattling sound . Opening the pen and re-seating the ink cartridge within the barrel has n't helped , so I 'm under the impression that either the hole at the end of the barrel is too wide or the cartridge is too narrow.On the positive side , it 's a nice looking pen and is very comfortable to write with . The ergonomic grip is soft , but not so soft as to make the pen difficult to control . I just wish the mechanics of ink delivery were better .
 These pens leak !!! I tried every one of them and each one leaks . I do n't know if it 's just a defective batch that I got or what - but I found it impossible to not smudge EVERYTHING when using them .
 The ink frequently stops flowing . If you tap the point furiously on a hard surface you can get the ink to again flow . Why should this have to be done with a new pen ? It is very frustrating .
 I tried every pen in the pack I purchased & had the same result . The ink just leaves blotches on every single word you write . It does n't matter how hard or light you press on the pen , you still get the same result , blotchiness . -LRB- I purchased my pens from a store by the way , not online -RRB- I was highly disappointed , what a waste of money .
 why are the prices going high !? alot of people dont want that , now it is harder deciding between these or other pens
 I have used these pens for quite a while now , and have always been pleased , until now . I do a lot of word search puzzles so I am very particular about the type of pen I use and I like a bold , smooth writing pen . The last batch that I received -LRB- i always order two boxes -RRB- a majotity of the pensI used had to be pressed hard and turned to one side or the other to make a mark ! I keep changing pens out of the box to find one that works consistently , I have not had this problem before and am not happy to have it now . I have experienced the same problem with both of the boxes I received . Has the manufacturer changed the formula ?
 The picture shows a full box of Green Pentel Rolling Writer pens , but , in actuality , you 're paying for JUST ONE PEN . Read the product description carefully , and you 'll see how it says there 's only ONE ITEM , plus the entire weight of the shipment is only 2.4 ounces!The heading for the product also states that you 're paying for `` 1 EA '' rather than the `` 12 '' or `` Box of 12 '' that all the other products that actually DO come in boxes declare .
 My Mom and I decided to get a new house phone , because our good old Trustworthy Panasonic 900Mhz phone finally gave up on us . This was a good phone range was about full house and little bit outside . We went to Target to look and saw several cordless phones , and decided to go with this one because it was on sale for 100 dollars . Also i have a Uniden that still works after 7 years and it had great range for being 2.4 ghz , so i told her to go with Uniden . We got home and plugged them in to charge for about 16 hours . Then we finally removed the good old Panasonic phone and plugged this one in . Pros , i LOVE the look of this phone , it looks nice . The menu is also easy to use , really easy to figure out . The Features on this phone is pretty good , call waiting -LRB- Do n't really use -RRB- , Caller ID , you can also put up to 80 people in the phone book . Which is nice so you know who is calling you . Now the Cons
 Definitely not worth the money . I bought it for the list of features and the advertised benefits of 5.8 GHz over my older 2.4 GHz system . What a disappointment!This is the first phone system of this class that I see missing wall mounting options
 I wish I had been able to read the other reviews for this product prior to purchase because believe me , they 're true . Unfortunately I bought it late one Sunday evening after my home phone broke suddenly . It was a total disappointment and I ended up replacing it after two miserable months . I ca n't imagine how it rates it 's 5.8 Ghz since everything seems to cause interference . The phonebook allows you to appoint ringer selections to each entry , yet there is no correlation between what is in the phonebook and what comes up on the Caller ID . And the range ... well , let 's just say it might as well have a cord . Actually , it would be better with one , that way you would n't find yourself losing a call because you `` wandered '' 12 feet away from the base ! I purchased mine for about $ 85 and still feel completely ripped off . I can honestly say that I NEVER had a satisfactory call on this unit . Steer clear of this one !
 I have the 3 handset version in an apartment and love it . I bought the 4 handset version for my home and discovered how bad the reception of this phone can be . I put the base unit in the livingroom and 2nd handset in my bedroom about 30 feet away through 1 wall-terrible reception . I ca n't leave the room without the phone starting to loose signal and start dropping out . I returned it after using it for 3 days . Learned after the fact that 5.8 Ghz phones have the lowest reception capability of all phone frequencies . . Live and learn .
 This phone sometimes drops out even if you are standing 2 feet from the base station . We had another cordless phone that never did this in the same place , same room , same house.For what this system costs , it is an outrage . Luckily , this was borrowed from a relative . If I had bought this , it would go back to the store the very next day.It will be working okay , say , in the next room , and then spontaneously break up , drop out for 10 seconds at a time and then come back . And forget using it 2 or 3 rooms away . It is unusable at that distance.In fact , with all the chattery drop-out behavior , it 's unusable , period .
 I expected a assortment of blue , red , and black pens . It was actually a combination pink , light blue , and purple . Very very dissatisfied ; buyers beware .
 I respectfully disagree with the other reviewers as my experience with this ballpoint pen has been awful . While mine says it 's a medium , it is certainly not a 1.0 line . Mine is more a fine medium point . The blue ink is smudgy , the ball is scratchy and frequently blobs ink on the paper . It never starts writing without first exercising the point . Upon first using it there is an annoying movement at the tip that clicks it into the section . Generally when I begin using a ballpoint , I use it to the end , but with a quarter of the ink left in this pen , I 'm throwing it out ; enough is enough . While it is possible I simply got a bad one , I strongly recommend you do not buy this pen .
 I love the writing qualities of this pen . I buy the black and red pens by the 5 pack . BUT ... I ca n't believe they have never figured out a way to keep them writing . In the years I 've been using them I 've never had one run out of inkl because about 3 weeks after I pick it up for the first time the ink shudders to a stop and I have to throw it away . I 've tried cleaning the point , pushing it , pulling it , shaking it , and think there must be a gallon of ink left in all the pens I 've tossed . Same goes for all colors not just the black . Must be a touch of sadism in a company that can make such a good writing instrument but that can not keep it writing
 I like the way the Pilot Precise V5 performs . But yesterday , for the FOURTH time , I took off the cap of one of the pens and started writing and noticed black ink all over my hand . The same has happened with the red ink ones . Everytime , I surprisingly am alarmed with ink on hands and anything I have touched . And it 's hard to wash off . I now suspect that the pens leak after being taken on a plane . Perhaps the change in pressure , even in the cabin , causes this . This is a weakness in the design that should be addressed . Others have commented on leaking also . Average -LRB- 3 star -RRB- pens do n't leak , so I gave this pen a one star to call attention to a potentially messy problem .
 These pens leak way too frequently . Used them on and off for years , but problem persists . Not often catastrophic ink explosions , but have a unique way of getting ink on my hands and clothes without my knowing until it 's too late . Overpriced to boot . A better alternative is the Sanford Uni-Ball Micro . Better pen and cheaper .
 desc states is it a .25 mm micropoint but these are extra fine point -LRB- pen label -RRB- which I already had . Buyer beware . Product ID 35335 was on the box , so not an orderfilling error .
 I really like these pens ; and I really want to give this a high rating ... but : so far , I 've used 4 pens . 2 worked flawlessly . 2 just `` died '' -- the ink barrel is nearly full , yet ink barely comes out , regardless of high light of hard I push the pen tip against paper .
 Unless they forgot my other 11 pens , this is not a pack of 12 . Amazon please fix the description.Other than that these pens are by far the best than any other i have used .
 I thought these were 0.25 mm pens -LRB- like it says in the title for the item -RRB- , but these are NOT 0.25 mm pens - these are 0.50 mm pens . Read the rest of the description -LRB- Product Specifications -RRB- of the item and you 'll seen . I 'm sure this pen is great for 98 % of the people out there that want a `` fine '' point pen - but I know what a 0.25 mm pen is like - it 's great ! These are just pens ... back to JetPens for writing ... Okay , day after complaining and preparing to send the pens back , someone changed the product description to read `` 0.25 mm '' . In that case , Amazon did not send my order correctly -LRB- this would be a first , Amazon has never mad that mistake in 100 + orders -RRB- . However , the pens I received are not the ones pictured ... The return process was very easy , full refund .
 My review dissents , and is brief
 I thought I was ordering Pilot Better Retractable fine point pen instead it is non retractable gel type ink pen . I hate gel pens ! My wife and daughters love them ! Gave 'em to them , problem solved !
 Too thin to do me any good . Found others about 3 X as thick which are better . Google FAT PENS .
 My husband loves these pens , and at the price they 're somewhat of a splurge . I 'll buy them at Office Depot next time since the Amazon-purchased pens exploded inside their barrels , leaking ink all over the mechanism . Booooo !
 I thought these pens would be alot like the old school pilot pens I used to draw with back in the 90s . Lol . They are not . As a matter of fact , some of these pens are worthless right out of the box . I will not be buying these again .
 I 've had these in blue for quite a while and do not like them . They do not hold up and look really bad after light use . This is not near as big of a problem as that they do not write evenly . The ink will stop flowing ; this happens more often when writing on a hard surface like a desk . They do work better when writing in a notebook or something similar . I have uploaded a couple of pictures .
 I love Dr. Grip pens and have many but this one falls short . It is the most expensive one I 've bought yet looks and feels cheap .
 I had bought these twice because the first time I got 0.5 mm . The 2nd time I also got 0.5 mm . Which lead me to believe it is a typo or maybe I am just very unlucky . Very misleading as I bought these because it said 0.2 mm . THESE ARE 0.5 mm . If anyone got 0.2 mm please let me know . I will call amazon to correct this mistake .
 I TYPE CAPS OUT OF ANGER . PIECE OF CRAP PEN STAINS POCKETS . THEY LEAK . THEY ARE JUNK.I 'm serious . Get a Stanford Uni-whatever . Take your pick . They 're all better than this crap . * anger *
 I received all black pens , not the different colors that were in the picture . I called the seller . They did not refund my money , but ordered something else for me . Said that product is no longer available . I never heard back from them nor did I receive the different colored pens . This is a bust !!!
 I was disappointed with the writing quality , especially after reading all the positive reviews . The ink does not flow uniformly . The ink skips & leaves light spots.I will stick with the Zebra F-301 pens -LRB- black , fine -RRB- . Their ink flows uniformly & their ballpoint glides much smoother on paper .
 This is a poor design cutter without a horizontal measures to be able the size of your cut . No instruction to how to change the knife . You are better off with a rule and a pair of scissors.Swingline made a mistake to purchase this product .
 This is a nice pen but not long I purchased it the pen leaked so I can not recommend it .
 The specifications say this will have a 0.40 mm micro tip . It does not . The tip included is 0.70 mm . This is the second time this has happened to me . I then have to switch to -LRB- separately ordered -RRB- 0.38 refills .
 Although it looks like a Cross Pen refill , the threads do n't fit so it can not be used .
 Received pen refills in a regular envolpe through the mail . Pens were smashed . . Bad packaging . .
 Before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . I have a number of older Cross pens that say `` USA '' near the top , and they are great pens . However , I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . The top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . The first one I got , I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their `` lifetime guarantee , '' only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a `` handling fee '' attached.I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . So later on when some new colors came out , I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.My advice
 I tried to like it , I really did . I thought other reviews were exaggerated because the pens are n't manufactured in the US anymore . But as soon as I held the pens in my hand they felt like plastic ! The quality is not there anymore -LRB- I guess it 's been this way from the time they started manufacturing the pens in china!The pens do n't have the same sturdiness and feel like they used to . The weight they used to have is also not there anymore . Cross should be ashamed . This is n't an American product anymore but a low quality cheap Chinese one . Congratulations Cross .
 I have quite an extensive collection of Vintage Cross pens from the 1950 's and 1960 's . I had a pen and pencil set of this Cross Century from 1976 that started slipping after many years of use.So , I sent it in to Cross get repaired . Turns out they did n't have the parts so they replaced my pair with this new Chinese set.I was HORRIFIED . It was so light and cheap , the two parts of the pen and pencil do n't sit well together , the engraved `` grip '' mark is gone , its slipperly to the touch , and worse of all , NOT USA MADE . They 're not the high quality pens they used to be.I 'm hanging on dearly to my 20 + vintage cross pens more than ever.Do yourself a favor if you plan on buying this new chinese cross set.Go to ebay and get a vintage usa made Cross set for 15 bucks . You 'll love the high quality vintage usa made Cross sets .
 The pen was fine , but the pencil is not really a pencil but another pen with the pen refill replaced with a pencil filler . The parts do n't fit together well and it is hard to keep the pencil lead from retracting when writing.A true cross pencil is solid black at the cap , but this one has a chrome center , indicating it started out as a pen.I recently bought a gold cross pencil from someone else who told me it was one of the last made in America -- that one was perfect . This pencil , made overseas , is a definite drop in quality .
 I ordered a plain chrome Cross Pen & Pencil set as a Christmas gift and received a set with the Caterpiller company logo stuck on the pen and pencil . I ordered this set as a gift and I certainly did not want to give a gift from an ad campaign for Caterpiller . The set was shipped from All Medial One , Inc. and did not include a return shipping label . Instead they sent me an email contact address . Have n't heard from then yet . I sure hope I get my money back before Christmas so I can buy another pen & pencil set locally .
 I have loved Cross pens for many years . I have many of them , from a desk set to a variety of gold , black , and green pens that I have bought or been given for the last 40 years . But I can no longer get a GOOD REFILL . They do n't write the first letter if unused for an hour or so , or they begin with a glob of ink -LRB- really fatal on an important document -RRB- . When I write with a Cross pen now , I have to be sure to have an extra piece of paper to get it started.A BALLPOINT PEN , NO MATTER HOW ELEGANT , IS NO BETTER THAN ITS REFILL . I have a 14k gold Cross pen that I never take out ; it has a refill that is at least 35 years old , and writes like a dream . Likewise with the pen in my desk set . But refills that I have bought the last few years , fine , medium , and broad , are horrible . What is Cross doing wrong ?
 After replacing my previous Cross refill which lasted over 2 years , I just bought this replacement and it only lasted maybe one week ... and with only a small amount of use . Boo .
 I have bought a few of these and every one of them is next to impossible to write with . I have no idea what the problem might be or why something that appears so simple is almost completely useless . Might as well throw away your pen . Would have bought in a `` regular '' store if I could have found them and returned , but with the hassle , time , and cost to return it after purchasing online does n't make sense .
 These cross refills are terrible . They have to be started before writing with them . The Ink does not flow evenly.I have been using Cross pens and refills for over thirty years without any problems until I purchased these . Either Cross has a manufacturing problem or these refills are not made by Cross .
 I ordered a Cross ballpoint pen and the refills to accompany it . The pen arrived , but the refills were never received . Since I had ordered several things from Amazon on the same day , I carefully re-examined each shipping envelope to no avail .
 Points were scratchy and not of cross quality ! Wasted my time and cash ! Five more words required , OK .
 My Cross pen was great and the ink lasted for 5 months . However these refills only lasted 3-3 days of casual note taking , probably a half dozen lines of writing . That was true for 1 blue and 2 blacks .
 Maybe by the time you 're reading this , the seller will have updated the description by removing the Dr. Grip Center of Gravity from the list of pens this refill is meant to fit . Either way , upon writing this review , it was still there . It does not fit . Not even close . Please see the picture I uploaded .
 I love the pens and have bought the refills before , but this price is ridiculous . The pens can be bought at $ 9 for a box of 12 -LRB- 75 cents each -RRB- on Amazon . These refills are $ 1.25 each . I ca n't really understand the math .
 Beware of getting these refills that are labelled for the Dr. Grip pen . These refills do not fit the pen with UPC 36272 .
 A cheap pen outperforms this ball point pen refill . I 've been a happy Cross pen user for 25 years . However , the quality of the refills have dropped significantly -LRB- the recent one I purchased was made in China -RRB- . This refill , which I am using in my Cross pen , right out the package , leads to ugly smudges when the pen first hits the paper . A small amount of ink leaks out over time , and settles on the tip , causing the smudge.The older refills I have for this pen work fine . The ones from China -LRB- this one -RRB- are absolute trash . I get better writing performance from a cheap free pen such as you might get in a hotel room . I will say that the feel of the Cross pen in my hand is of course far better than a cheap disposable pen , but the primary purpose of a pen is to write.Find a better quality refill . Do n't buy this one .
 Cross refills are n't good anymore . The last three packages I bought either from amazon or from the store lasted me no more than two-weeks per refill . Cross must have moved production to a cheap manufacturing plant somewhere in the fourth world .
 I used my Cross pen for almost a year using the same refill - it finally ran out , so I ordered this refill expecting the same great quality . The first refill lasted about 4 days -LRB- and it 's not like I write essays - it 's mostly just notes and grocery lists -RRB- . I 'm hoping the 2nd from this pack is better .
 Be careful ordering things like this . What came was a single refill . The title is deceptive . If the price seems too good , it probably is .
 Cross quality has decreased since the last generation . This pen scratches and dents easily , collects fingerprints , and has a thin metal exteroir.I compared this pen to a similar model from 20 years ago , and the older pen is far superior.Similar is true for the more expensive fountain pens , which feel , like cheap plastic .
 I ordered this pen by mistake . . I really meant to order the rolling pen , but bought this without trying it , and I HATE IT ! It 's truly the worst pen i 've ever owned . I 've tried the fine refill , the medium and now the broad , and they 're all bad as far as I 'm concerned.Funny thing is , is that I consider myself a ` pen snob ' and this was a big mistake.I ordered a Parker not long afterwards and that is a far superior pen , but I 'm stuck with this Cross pen that I 'm TRYING to like , just because of the money wasted.I do n't know where I 've gone wrong other than getting the ball point instead of the roller ball.Please , stay away from the ball points . You can buy cheap stick pens that perform better.Can I give it zero stars ?
 I have 3 cross pens from long ago that still write better than the new one I received as a gift . The new one has a lot more plastic in it also . Considering the price , I dont recommend this pen .
 This pen is chinese crap thats slippery . Not what they used to be . I have a cross 3501 from 1967 and 1970 and the old ones are solid and heavy and usa made . I sent in a 1980 cross 3501 that broke and they sent me this as a replacememt and i am disappointed . Its slippery becsuse it lacks a grip engraving , the two pieces dont aline correctly and doesnt write as smooth . Go buy a vintage cross 3501 on ebay . I bought several used vintage ones on ebay because the older ones are high quality and a pleasure to write with .
 Have been using Cross pens for over 30 yrs and noticed that the pens in the last five years do not last . Checked and found out that they have moved the factory to China and the quality has been severely compromised . Now their warrenty is only for 30 days instead of lifetime . Would not recommend their pens anymore as they are nothing but cheap ball pens
 I intended to purchase these items for two teachers of my daughter as a Christmas gift . After opening the box , I embarrassed to give it to them . I asked myself this is an authentic `` Cross '' pen . It is definitely not on the same quality as they used to be . Cross has moved manufacturing to China and Chinese made version is ... !!! My eldest sister used to give me one set of Cross pen and pencil after my graduation for the past 20 years . Until now , they are still nice in the box and my memory .
 and I did n't think it was going to be THIS bad . I 'm positive that you can get a better quality pen at the dollar store . This thing feels like cheapo plastic painted chrome , it hardly has any weight to it and it 's not smooth when you twist it either . This is worst than junk .
 It came a day earlier than the expected day . I was very happy and when i cut open the box the pen is in looked fabulous . I was very excited . I opened the box took out the pen thats when my rating went down . The pen was not what I was expecting . The top is very shaky and it feels like it is just going to break apart soon . I would say if you are going to buy a cross pen you should just save your money and buy a better one .
 I used to have a made-in-the-USA version of this pen . It was great . This one is terrible . It is lighter , the parts are loose , and the materials are noticeably cheaper . I read the other reviews before purchasing , but I thought , it is just a pen , how bad could it be ? Well , the answer is , really bad . Do n't buy .
 Before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . I have a number of older Cross pens that say `` USA '' near the top , and they are great pens . However , I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . The top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . The first one I got , I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their `` lifetime guarantee , '' only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a `` handling fee '' attached.I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . So later on when some new colors came out , I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.My advice
 Some of the other reviewers said it best
 I thoroughly agree with D.S. Bornus . I have a collection of Cross pens , most dating from the 1960 's and 1970 's They are wonderful , smooth , balanced and a real joy to write with . I wanted another to carry with me , -LRB- my earlier collection stays at home -RRB- . I ordered a later model Cross classic 2502 on E - baymuch and much to my chagrin the barrel had some slippage at the end of its ' travel both ways . And yet this one was made in the USA which means it was made prior to 2007 when unfortunately Cross shipped their production to China . I then purchase a brand new one from Staples and was extremely disappointed at the fall from grace of the Rhode Island based Co , once manufacturer of very fine pens . The China version is anything but a true Cross pen of old . The balance is off . The taper at the point is broader and far from the slim look of the USA models . The graphic CROSS logo is much less sophisticated , in bold and deep type . And yes , the barrel slips noticeably . Richard and Alonzo Cross would be horrified at what the Boss family has done to their reputation . The early Cross pens if you can find them are the best . Even the later USA models are not made to the crucial standards that were once assured by A.T. Cross . I lament the loss of that once respected Lincoln , Rhode Island manufacturer .
 i could have bought a pen at walmart for a dollar and it would have actually worked . this pen did not . how embarrassing to give someone a Christmas present that 's broken . the ballpoint pushes back into the pen when writing ... making the entire thing useless .
 I bought this pen to replace a similar one I 'd had for years and recently lost ... and boy I 'm even more sorry about losing my old one than before . The new is n't bad , but it 's definitely not on the same quality level as they used to be as several others review note . I wish they 'd spent less money on the overdone packaging and invested that in maintaining the high quality Cross for which Cross used to be known . Do n't get me wrong , it 's a nice been , it 's just not nearly as nice and impressive as it used to be .
 Do not buy a cross pen with colors . The color will come off and they do not warranty it . My pen is 6 months old and the color has come off really bad . Charlie Ramsey Waco , Tx
 Pen is great , I 've used them before . The one I received did n't line up properly so the ink tip bent and never worked right . Ended up throwing out within a week ...
 Do n't know why these are so highly rated . Nevertheless I decided to give them a try -LRB- I 'm done with pens that are too expensive , and yet do n't like the super cheap ones either -RRB- . At first I was inclined to agree , the pen writes smoothly , and holds well in my hand . But soon they showed their true colors -LRB- sneaky lot , they are -RRB- . Some seemed to run out of ink -LRB- when they seemed full of it -RRB- . Also after writing for some time -LRB- scribbling notes -RRB- they were a pain to hold . My biggest gripe , however , concerns the bottom screw-on cap of the pen . It tends to unscrew . Very often . So I find that the ink cartridge tends to separate and I have to look for it . Furthermore , if you take the top cap and place it on the bottom to hold it there while you write , you may find that the bottom cap gets stuck in the top cap . And now you have no bottom . A really annoying thing that 's happened more than once . Not the pen for me .
 These are my favorite pens . And I have been neurotic enough to keep ordering them from Amazon despite the fact that every box I 've purchased has been completely defective . Each pen bursts after about a week 's use , without exception . This is based on my experience with the blue pens ; I just ordered a box of black ones .
 I have used only one of the Cross refills and it was dry , scratchy and did not write easily . Unsatisfactory .
 I do n't know if this is necessarily the fault of this pen or all Pilot products with the G2 gel ink but this ink smudges terribly - it ends up all over my hand where it crosses the page - and it skips sometimes . The pen itself was perfectly comfortable but I ended up returning it after one use because of the smudging .
 I bought this pen thinking it would be similar to writing with a fountain pen because I thought it was like a ` roller ball ' pen . I got this in ` fine ' point like I prefer with fountain pens . I 'm very disappointed that it does n't have the smoothness of a good fountain pen . When I write with it -LRB- which is n't very often -RRB- it has a nasty ` scratchiness ' that reminds me more of a fine point ball point than a ` fountain pen ' . I 'm sticking with my fountain pens for smooth writing because this simply does n't have it where it counts with me .
 they show four different pens and I do not see a selection thing for the different colors.It makes you think your buying 4 pens not 1 you will receive 1 dr pen and some other weird looking pen that has nothing to do with the pen you baught . . I will not buy again .
 I was expecting the Dr. Grip line to have a consistently soft grip . This was not as soft as the Center of Gravity line under the same Pilot Dr. Grip brand . The Center of Gravity 's grip is a lot softer and it conforms to your fingers . This was just regular rubber .
 This refill manufactured by Cross is horrible . First of all is not black , it is more of a faited black/dark gray . It does not feed the tip fast enough so if I write fast it stops writing or get really faint in color . It is not constant and if I draw a long line about 3-4 inches , it would get many areas of no ink to very faint color . It is not because its old , I just bought it from Staples few days ago and it was like this from the very begining ! Cross should be ashamed to make a product like this !
 Amazon has got to revamp its customer service practices . One orders something , Amazon sends you what they interpret you want , you complain , they say the mistake was yours , then they re-send an inferior count of the original merchandise ordered . What a terrible company . The year has not even had a good start and already Amazon and its resellers , have bothced up 96 % of my orders . What the rest of the year has in store is frightening , just thinking about it . Fortunately , I will not be doing business with them anymore . Good luck to all of you that enjoy getting the Amazon shaft . It is pittiful ; downright pitiful . A real crappy organization . Filled with incompetence ; incompetents and more , pitiful just downright pitiful .
 I have bought these for years . The new once have a much cheaper eraser . They are harder , do n't erase as well , and slightly smaller in diameter , so when you go to click for more lead , the top spins ...
 this mechanical pencil has always been great . i knew it was too good to be true that i would recieve 12 for the advertised price ... but the wording and the picture of a 12 pack were plain as day . i felt tricked and robbed .
 The erasers broke long before they wore out on two of these pencils I purchased . Furthermore , when the eraser breaks , you will have to dig out the remains with a small screwdriver before you can replace it . I would recommend the Pentel Twist-Erase over this product .
 Received this today and I 'm so disappointed . Like other reviewers said , the pencils sharpened on one side . I tried all sorts of things but just could n't get good results consistently . I dream of the old pencil sharpener attached to the garage wall in the house where I grew up . Wish I could find one of those !
 I previously went modern and bought an iPoint . It worked fine the first ten times I used it and then became ill . It begins to sharpen and then stalls because the motor is too week . I opened it and oiled it and looked for obstructions . Did not help . Another cheap piece of junk that is becoming the way of manufacturing . Make it cheap as possible to increase profits and hope it lasts a few months.I was ready to go back to the manual type I grew up with and figured after making them for so many decades , they must have it perfected . Nope . The first pencil I tried to sharpen came out with a lopsided tip . Wood on one side extending almost to the tip . I thought maybe the pencil was off center so used a hand held sharpener . It is now perfect . This sharpener also wants to eat the pencil and does not know when it is sharp . Maybe I can find a good used sharpener in an antique store .
 I thought this pencil sharpener would last for years but it did not last more than a year . The retainer arm that keeps the size adjustment wheel in place slowly became loose and no longer lines up the pencil in the center of the sharpener . Most pencils come out lopsided . I 'm very disappointed and am looking to replace this poorly made product .
 I have this pencil sharpener and it eats up pencils . By the time I can get a descent point on a brand new pencil , it is usually whittled down to 2-3 '' long . It also only sharpens one side despite rotating the pencil
 This got to be the only time I have bothered returning a product that cost $ 12 . While seemingly solid , it sharpened the point of the pencil roughly mid way between edge and center of the pencil . So manufacutring tolerances could be improved slightly ...
 I ordered my sharpener from OrangeOnions . I do n't know if it was their fault or the manufacturer , but my box came with no mounting screws . Also , the screw holes on the unit are very small , I drilled mine out some in order to get a # 6 screw through there . Additionally , at least one screw hole is partially blocked by the sharpener when you go to screw it in , meaning it helps to have a jointed bit holder.Once mounted , it works ok . It sharpens a bit unevenly , and my six-year old can not use it by himself , but if you rotate the pencil a little while sharpening it will give a good point.I 'd probably go with a more expensive model if I bought another one .
 This product arrived bent and beat up . I was disappointed by the thin metal and poor quality . Do not buy this . Choose another sharpener .
 The sharpener is the useless one I had so far . It does n't remove the wood all around the lead tip , only half side of the lead is exposed and got so frustrated to make it work in all the settings . Pretty useless junk .
 Garbage . Sharpens pencils on an angle . Cheaply made . Cover comes off if you barely touch it . Feels like it is made of tin . The good reviews can not be for this product , or they are employees/relatives/owner of the company . I will have to look for a quality , American made product like my last sharpener that lasted 50 + years . A good sharpener of this type would weigh a pound , not several ounces .
 Most of the time pencils are sharpened unevenly so that the wood on one side of the pencil extends all the way , or almost all the way , to the tip of the point . It seems like the hole and the sharpener blades are not aligned and the pencil sharpens off center .
 This pencil sharpener is terrible . The front silver part frequently falls off when my kids bump it even a little . When you sharpen your pencil , it either breaks the lead or only sharpens one side , leaving wood along the top of the pencil . We home school so we need a good pencil sharpener , save your money . This is not it .
 it only sharpens one side of the pencil !!!!!!!! and eats the pencil very fast . i will not use this brand anymore !
 We bought this to use at home . It was a bit difficult to mount on the table because the screws were small the sharpener body was in the way of the screw holes . It did not work as well as expected . It takes a bit of hand power . My five year old could not do it by herself . I should have bought an electric one instead . However , the price was good . You get what you pay for .
 Our daughter was starting kindergarten , and we wanted a simple reliable sharpener that would last her through her school years . An added bonus was that we did n't have to worry about where to plug it in , or replacing batteries.However , my memory of these sharpeners being easy to use does n't match up with today 's experience . While sharpening a standard # 2 pencil the handle is difficult to turn , and a young child may have trouble grasping the pencil tight enough to keep it from turning . It also does n't center the pencil perfectly , so you have to turn it some while sharpening to keep a consistent point . Yes , it will last a long time . Unfortunately , it will be me using it , and not our young daughter . Wish I 'd have gone for the electric .
 Can not stand a dull pencil . . Thought this would be great ... the screwed do n't hold the sharpener so it 's useless if you ca n't hold it down . .
 This sharpener does not sharpen the pencils well atall . I have tried everything and it still leaves some wood on at least one side of the pencil lead everytime .
 This is n't the sturdy sharpener that you had growing up . It 's a flimsy , cheap , useless product . I tried to sharpen about 10 pencils prior to make holes in the table to install it . I could n't get one sharpened ! It either broke their tips , sharpened one side only -LRB- ! -RRB- or did nothing . Do not buy this product .
 After having enough of battery-eating weak electric models , we decided to do it `` old school . '' I have fond memories of those sturdy , satisfying wall-mounted manual pencil sharpeners from elementary school . This model would be decent if it were manufactured properly ... -LRB- but is n't that true of sooooo many things ? -RRB- Okay , here 's my assessment
 I 've decided to replace this pencil sharpener because it has been destroying too many pencils . I have the same problem so many reviewers have had - namely it tends to sharpen only one side of the pencil when it does n't chew right through them . In the end , I find myself having to remove the wood on the unsharpened side by hand , all too often breaking the lead in the process . We 'd have - much - better luck with a cheap 50 cent sharpener , or a kitchen knife , or a machete ... blender ...
 As usual X-Acto has somehow managed to de-evolve the pencil sharpener . My first experience with X-Acto was with a simple electric sharpener . The quick convenience I had taken for granted with my Boston 19 was not possible with my new five-minute-per-pencil X-Acto . My next experience was with the $ 130 + `` heavy duty '' X-Acto in the department center in my school . Well before the end of the year it was simply an impressive looking paper weight . Finally , this rotary model was installed in my classroom . Basically , it ate every pencil at an impossible-to-write with angle . I tried out three others in neighboring classrooms . I did not have the same problem ; rather , the others were worse
 The quality control on this sharpener is n't very good as the mixed reviews attest . I 've gone through two of these units , and the first one was a dud.Do not believe the `` wall mount '' bit . The mounting flange on the sawdust collector only accommodates mounting it as pictured . If you do the logical thing and rotate it so the dust collector is vertical , the mounting flanges bend.That means you ca n't rotate the dust collector 90 degrees if you elect to mount the sharpener on the wall . Yes , it works but as soon as you remove the dust bin to empty it , you 'll have sawdust on the floor . And remove it you will because the collector does n't work very well when it 's mounted sideways.It works , but just barely . It 's a poor copy of the old Boston sharpener .
 I ordered an X-Acto KS sharpener on the basis of the Boston and X-Acto brand recognition . The first pencil sharpened perfectly . After that , all pencils were sharpened off-center , so that wood was left on one side of the lead , all the way to the point . On top of that , the feature that was supposed to prevent over-sharpening only worked for the first pencil . The rest would continue to be ground away , until there was no more pencil left . I dug around in my garage and found an old , beat-up Boston KS sharpener , made in the USA , and it worked better than the new , made in China one . The difference in quality was apparent , even though the old one was well-used and abused .
 I was disappointed that this sharpener cut pencils off center . Pencils would n't write due to wood on one half the lead tip . It seems well made but lacked the precision .
 This sharpener eats the pencils and coloring pencils . We homeschool and use alot of pencils but this didnt live up to its other reviews in our home. : -LRB-
 I prefer mechanical sharpeners because they sharpen as no electric one does , keeping the lead long and the wooden part intact . This X-Acto only sharpens one side of the pencil and leaves wood on the other side . Also , it destroys pencils if you insist on sharpening . It is nothing like the mechanical sharpeners that I 'm used to .
 This is a cheap pencil sharpener , and it shows . The construction is flimsy and the sharpener consistently sharpens off center.It does provide a nice sharp tip , but when that tip is half wood and half lead it is useless . It is possible to use this sharpener to sharpen on center but you have to really work at it and often waste inches of pencil trying again and again . It should n't be this hard to use a sharpener.I recommend that you find an alternative sharpener .
 I purchased this item for my stepdaughter 's new `` learning room '' . My wife calls it a playroom , but we agreed that more learning and less playing should take place in it . Anyways , this sharpener looks great and it is exactly what I wanted in that department . Heck , from a functional standpoint it even feels great to use ... right up until you slide your pencil out to discover the freshly sharpened tip is only HALF lead . Just as many of the other reviewers have mentioned , the alignment must be off resulting in a very frustrating writing utensil . I 've pushed in different directions trying to get a good result with limited success . Even if I had success applying x amount of pressure in some direction y degrees , do I really expect our 6-year-old learner to replicate the process each time . For now I will continue to tinker with it in hopes of a better performing sharpener .
 If you want pencils with lop-sided points that are ground to a nub then this is your model . I returned mine . After 3 tries , I found the one I had been looking for
 I agree with the last reviewer . Cover does n't line up right resulting in unevenly sharpened pencils . Piece of junk ! I am so tired of playing with it , came on to Amazon today so I could order something else . Saw this one near top of the results and am now all riled up . I 'm sure I bought it because of the 4 stars . Buyer beware !
 This pencil sharpener just works , which is more than I can say for most of the electric pencil sharpeners I have bought that cost more than this traditional design . While the quality of the materials is not quite what similar sharpeners were made of 20 years ago , it still works very well .
 Overall , this pencil sharpener looks great and is high quality . But , that is as far as it goes ; the cutters are so course and very sharp that they tend to grab and turn the pencil instead of cutting it . If you hold the pencil tight , it will cut and sharpen the pencil but usually not at the right angle . It tends to pull the pencil to the side so the point does n't hit the stop and it just keeps sharpening . The older manual sharpeners would only rarely offset the cut , so something is n't designed as well .
 This is a totally inferior product not worth any price due to poor quality construction.I remember growing up with a product similar in design though it had the BOSTON name in days gone by.This xacto is a poor poor imitation made of cheap pot metal that will fail with only moderate use.Avoid this product .
 I needed a sharpener at home for my kids and the various sizes of pencils they use . This thing is good in theory , but poor in practice . Every single pencil that is sharpened in this machine comes out with one side sharpened , one side pointed wood . A big disappointment . I paid more for mine than here on Amazon.I also tried battery operated kind made by the same company ... not enough power . Now I am looking at the grand daddy of pencil sharpeners ... electric ! I think I will skip the X acto brand though .
 I thought this was going to be a good sharpener , but it doesnt matter what pencil I use , it just does not sharpen well at all . I 'm about to pitch it in the trash . Only one side of the pencil sharpens while the wood remains on the other half , making it impossible to write with . It 's junk .
 i bought this because the other sharpeners dont leave a point it worked ok but know it only wants to sharpen on one side and yes ive tried different pencils
 I was under the impression that , like most desk-mount sharpeners , this one had a vacuum/suction mount -LRB- little lever to make it stick to the desktop -RRB- . This one is screw-mount only . Now I 've got to find a place in my house that I feel like drilling holes for a pencil sharpener . Not happy .
 This is not a good sharpenner , I can not totally fix my pencil into it , everytime I want to use it , I need another person to help me hole the sharpener , and then I can use it normally .
 This sharpener does not sharpen most pencils . It sharpens one side to a point with wood still on lead so it is no possible to write with pencil .
 While I usually really like Amazon , I am severly annoyed with this product and the customer service department in India or where ever it is . I needed a return address for the Return Dept. because there was n't one provided in the return process online . After two different , lengthy , chats with customer service I was finally told that I needed no address because UPS would have a pre-printed label ; which was basically my original question . It took 45 minutes to figure that out by the NASA thinktank . Other than that , the sharpener worked twice before one of the two blades quit working . Awesome ...
 I was excited to buy an oldschool type pencil sharpener for our home , but have been very disappointed in this product . It simply does not sharpen well . The pencil either comes out not sharpened , or slightly mangled , sometimes both .
 I have several fountain pens , including a Waterman sterling silver cartridge model that I got a few years ago as an anniversary gift from my employers -LRB- as a large , faceless bureaucracy , they took no part in the selection -RRB- . I use this one whenever I need to sign documents in blue ink - probably once every couple of months , on average , but a lot of documents at a time , for real estate transactions , and using a ball-point puts too much strain on my fingers.Because the Waterman cartridges dry out so quickly , I have to use a new cartridge every time , which is -LRB- a -RRB- an annoyance , and -LRB- b -RRB- an outrageous expense in terms of value for money -LRB- and yes , I can afford the few dollars I shell out every year or so -RRB- . I use the Parker 51 that my parents gave me for Christmas in 1964 for writing notes , more or less daily , but I am probably on my 4th bottle of Parker Quink over a period of more than 40 years.I give two stars for the attractive color of the ink .
 It did n't even let me sign my name b4 it quit . Now I have to try to find a compatible cartridge .
 i ordered this four pack of staedtler pencil sharpeners and am disappointed to find a made in china sticker on each one . i read that these were made in germany under the description and ordered after i could n't find a pocket pencil sharpener made in usa . the quality has n't been tested , but plan to return order .
 I do n't get all the glowing reviews . Maybe okay for kids , as it 's cheap and solid . But I 'm not impressed with quality of the point -- it makes a really short stubby point like you find on golf pencils that gets dull quickly . Furthermore , no auto-stop , so it 's hard to get a perfect point as it wants to keep chewing through the pencil and breaking your new point . Also makes a mess.If you want a quality portable sharpener for a grown-up , go with the Kum long point one : KUM Long Point Pencil Sharpeners
 A lot of people before me have said that it 's a really good pencil but I find the lead to be too brittle ! Do n't waste your time getting these , unless you want to waste your time sharpening pencils .
 These pencils , once a very fine brand , and now prett crappy . Poor workmanship , low quality wood , chipped finishes .
 We just received these pencils , about a week later than other items ordered . It definitely was n't worth the wait , as the quality of the pencils is very poor . I have purchased these many times over the years because they are of higher qulaity than other pencils on the market . The ones I received this time have cosmetic issues , with wood chipping around the base of the eraser and a bumpy seam that runs down the length of the pencil . Also the enbossed words on the side are not ledgible , telling me that these are out of a bad batch . I will think twice before paying more for Mirado Black Warriors next time .
 These are not the Black Warriors I grew up with . Now made in Mexico , they are really useless . The lead breaks and the quality is bad.Won ' t buy again .
 About a month ago I happily purchased $ 25.00 worth of the new MATTE finish Black Warrior pencils , unaware that they were not what I thought . I 'd discovered this singularly marvelous pencil quite by accident about ten years ago , and have been an ardent devotee ever since . -LRB- I really did n't want so many , but Amazon would n't ship otherwise . -RRB- Anyway , when I got them I was thrilled and began to sharpen a box right away . The first two sharpened fine.However , the third pencil balked . I twisted it and twisted it in the little hand-held sharpener until it was half its length ! The rest were a bit sluggish in the sharpener , too.So , jumped online and did some research , and quickly found out that the new pencils are not made in the USA , but made in Mexico an , sadly , of clearly lesser quality . They do n't have the glossy black shaft anymore , and are just an `` okay '' pencil . They write satisfactorily , but they do n't glide like the older model . They just do n't have that oomph.I had an audition last week and opened my portfolio to pull out a pencil . Much to my delight , there was a lovely `` old '' GLOSSY Black Warrior I 'd tucked inside , ready to go to work . It wrote smooth as silk and I put it away with much respect .
 The mechanical pencils themselves are great . Have nice grip , light weight , but more than half of the pencils were either missing lead or had none at all . Kinda disappointed that some pencils were n't usable because they did n't have lead .
 When it came , it had already been opened and was missing a pencil . Other than that , the pencils work fine .
 I have never had so many problems with a mechanical pencil . My main complaint is that the lead seems to break every stroke the pencil takes . I find myself repeatedly pushing out more lead . Soon after , the lead pushes out all at once because it ca n't secure an inch of lead . The inch of remaining lead , instead , slides out of the pencil and is wasted . I normally get about four pushes for lead before the remaining lead falls out . I will never buy one of these pencils again .
 These are BY FAR , the crappiest mechanical pencils I 've ever used.Unfortunately , the mechanism that advances the graphite/lead/whatever , is so `` loose '' that you wind up advancing way more than you need . When you try to manipulate it back into the pencil , you only wind up frustrated because it does n't `` lock '' properly . It ends up sliding too far back into the barrel . I generally hold the pencil parallel to the floor to advance the graphite . If you hold it vertically and click ONCE to advance , it simply falls out completely.I 've had widely varying results with different pencils from the same batch .
 I bought this pencil sharpener thinking it was a small battery operated unit . . It is not . This is a large plug it in the wall unit . It is too bad the picture does not show the power cord or any indication as to its scale .
 The unit I received was off center and sharpened the pencil only on one side so I had to turn the pencil around and around just to be able use it at all . And then it broke altogether after sharpening less then 50 pencils . Then the seller refused to replace it because it was after 30 days . Never again will I buy a Panasonic product .
 After sending in the KP380BK for repairs , I heard from Panacare - USA -LRB- Panasonic -RRB- that they no longer have , and will no longer be receiving replacement models for any -LRB- including the upright version -RRB- of their electronic sharpeners . They are now refunding the cost of the models to anyone who sends them a broken model within one year of purchasing it -LRB- receipt required -RRB- . Thus , the Panasonic electric sharpeners are discontinued in the U.S. -LRB- which is why they are difficult to find -RRB-
 I am very disappointed in this pencil sharpener . It is the worst I have ever triedfor sharpening crooked , i.e. , there is an excess of exposed lead on one side andwood all the way down to the point on the other side . Even the cheapest hand crankedsharpeners are no worse about this . Trying to guess which way to tilt the pencil toget it straight is the only way to get workable results at all , but is very difficultto pull off and takes many tries . I will not buy a pencil sharpener again withouttrying it out.Aside from that , I do like the vertical design , and the shavings box is bigger thanthe last electric I had .
 I was so excited when I receive this sharpener because it had great reviews , I teach 6th grade math and our brand new school building has no installed pencil sharpeners . I almost never write reviews but since there was n't one that warned me I wanted to help the next math teacher.This sharpener worked very well for about a month then it started to jam up frequently . I would have to clean out all of the pencil shavings , even if it was only 3 pencils worth , then unplug it and let it cool off for little while . Initially that would do the trick and the sharpener was up and running OK . Now , none of that works to make it function properly but sometimes I can turn it to the right and insert the pencil ever so slightly to get it to work . I have had to buy handheld sharpeners , for when the electric one does not work -LRB- 95 % of the time -RRB- , or I do n't have time to go hold it to some exact degree to the right to sharpen my students ' pencils . In my math classroom we use pencils 99.9 % of the time so I really needed a pencil sharpener that would hold up and it seems like this one it not for a classroom where it will be used a great deal . If you are a teacher
 I ordered this sharpener as a Christmas gift based on the good reviews . The one we received did n't work at all , right out of the box . It just makes a humming noise when the pencil is inserted . Fortunately Amazon makes returns easy , but there is still inconvenience involved , and we still do n't have a pencil sharpener .
 This sharpener worked fine for a short while , then became very halting in how it sharpened . Often the motor just does n't turn on and I have to tilt the sharpener in different directions to get it going . I think the fault is in the auto stop feature , which causes the motor to turn off if it thinks the pencil has been sharpened enough .
 I had the same experience as Patricia D. Brown had
 I bought this pencil sharpener based on the great reviews here . For the first several months , it worked wonderfully -- nice sharp point , quick sharpening , etc. . However , all of a sudden , one day it just would n't work . The light came on -LRB- so it was obviously receiving power -RRB- , but the motor would n't turn . I called Panasonic as it was still under warranty , and was told to send it to the service center . About 2 months later , I received a refurbished replacement . This sharpener again worked great for a while and then just quit . After calling and emailing Panasonic * numerous * times -LRB- always to transferred 3-4 times and be disconnected and repeated emails simply ignored -RRB- , I was finally able to get a hold of someone . I was informed that because I had no paperwork other than the warranty that came with the refurbished sharpener -LRB- because I was n't sent any -RRB- , the warranty on the `` new '' one was only 90 days , which was passed because it had taken so long for me to actually get a hold of someone . They did offer to repair it for me for $ 25 plus the cost of shipping the thing twice . Needless to say , I declined . Both sharpeners were great for the limited time they lasted , but for sharpener that costs over $ 40 , I would expect a great deal longer functionality . In addition , the customer service -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- alone will dissuade me from ever buying a Panasonic product again . It 's simply too much trouble and lack of actual customer service to risk buying a product of dubious quality .
 I picked up one of these at a store about a year ago and theres definitely nothing to brag about . My led breaks often when i try to sharpen them -LRB- especially color pencils -RRB- and my number one complaint is that the top is very loosely fit on the container so it easily falls off , spilling all of the pencil shavings everywhere . For as cheap as hand held sharpeners usually go for , I would definitely recommend something else .
 Very inexpensive sharpener . In many cases your pencils will cost more than the sharpener itself.But it 's a good sharpener to avoid . It chews up the wood of colored pencils , and never gets a sharp point . For lead pencils , the awful blade cuts to a dull , blunt point . By design , this will never sharpen pencils well . Not even worth the low price . It 's a shame , because Staedtler has made some very fine products before .
 I bought these to grade papers . However , the pencils mark so lightly and unreliably that they are unusable .
 Pros
 This phone worked fine for about a year , and is now very erratic as far as the Caller ID window goes . Sometimes it works , but most of the time it is just white.Also , the hook for the earpiece is very small and allows the piece to fall off.The sound is fine , but the general phone is below expectations .
 I find this phone to be extremely hard to manage . There are several buttons on the outside of the receiver that are in the center where you put your hand to hold the phone and several on the inside of the receiver . No comfortable place to hold it which often causes cutting people off by accident . Too many buttons in the wrong place and a slippery texture that wants to slide . Not very well designed at all .
 I sent it back . The price was right but the caller ID did n't function . When I got in touch with AT&T , they told me , maybe this phone is not compatible with the other phones in my home . -LRB- Stupid Response ! -RRB- I then asked , why would AT&T put a phone on the market that 's not compatible with my other phones , I did n't get a reply !!! They wanted to send me a replacement . I told them there is no point in doing that , if , the replacement phone was not compatible with my other phones ! I guess AMAZON will be sending it back to AT&T .
 It seemed like a great product until it forgot how to hang up the phone line , which happened after 5 months of occasional use . The -LRB- 800 -RRB- number for warranty service provides a message that `` Warranty Service for this Model has been Discontinued '' and refers you to the AT&T web site . Using `` contact us '' on the web site resulted in an email suggesting that I call the -LRB- 800 -RRB- number . So much for a one-year warranty , and so much for `` GENUINE AT&T QUALITY '' . Next time I 'm buying another brand .
 The caller i-d has no light . The caller i-d requires batteries . If you are on a call , and your call-waiting beeps , the phone does not tell you who 's calling . Do n't waste a dime . Not a dime . Period .
 Received this phone and it was not a caller id phone , just a regular trimline phone .
 I was hopping Amazon has solved the false advertisement issue with these since it been a few months since the last review i saw about the artstick . No its still not there , and the pencils are not made in USA like they said , it 's in Mexico and the tops are broken as well from the lack of cushions when shipped . The pencil outer shell is half chipped off or melted on mine and ? A few of them has a split down the middle on the side too ... I do n't know but it makes it seem cheap compared to the one made in USA one . Overall it good comapred to most colored pencils , but the quality had gone down . Very upset about it ...
 These are such good colored pencils , beautiful saturated colors , soft leads , adecuate case , good color selection . But the pictures do n't match exactly what I received . It 's supposed to be included 2 art crayons , I think pastels , and a metal sharpener . They did n't come . That 's the only reason why I choose 3 instead of 5 stars , because you buy something and expect to receive THAT item . The case is the same without the purple sticker , pencils seem to be the same as the pictures just without the bonuses . And the mail packaging was not the ideal for such a fragile product .3 MONTHS AFTER
 Well , I had the same issues with this product that some of the other reviewers did who gave it one star . There are no Art Stix , not a big dea , l I could have lived with that but I noticed first that the pencils were sharpened unevenly -LRB- some looked shorter than others -RRB- and did not appear new . Then I also noticed what another reviewer had pointed out , that some of the pencils had a different silver label on them , and one of them had a bar code sticker on it ... like pencils that are sold individually . I returned the product .
 Although I love the color selection and the look of the product , each pencil breaks , must be re-sharpened and then breaks off again after just a short use .
 As an industrial design student , I use markers and colored pencils frequently . I bought these as they were the most inclusive set I could find , and they seemed to be a good deal . Plus Prismacolor is the biggest name in the game . The problem I have is that the `` leads '' seem to be pre-broken at increments all the way down the pencil . When you sharpen a pencil to a point , the `` lead '' is broken just below that point so that when you apply pressure to paper , the point breaks off . I went through an entire yellow pencil in less than an hour just sharpening and breaking the point . I wish their was a better option to Prismacolor colored pencils , but I have n't found it yet .
 I want you to notice you that the pencils are made in Mexico . There is no extra bonus in the tin box . I never use the pencils made in USA , so I have no idea whether their quality has gone down . The things I am sure that the product is not made in USA . Amazon does n't sell things exactly the same as its website said !! I feel really bad about it !
 I was sent a confirmation email that said my package had shipped out on Aug 19th . It was suppose to come no later than the 27th of Sept. . On the 27th it was not received . First I contacted Fedex because a tracking number was issued out . They informed me that they were contacted to issue a shipping label but they not yet contacted to pick up the order and ship it . So then I contacted the seller through email which is the only way to contact them on the 27th at 2:43 pm and said `` You forgot to call fedex and send for a pick-up . I told them I would like to rectify this error by shipping my order overnight . I am an freelance artist and wanted to use this medium for a project . I was on a deadline . I paid almost $ 8 in shipping . Well they email me back the next day and said they have already standard shipped it and it was sent out before they got my message . They said it was on back order this whole time . I looked at the Fed Ex tracking and wrote back `` It is very convenient that I wrote my email before 3pm and this `` backorder '' was then sent out at 3:07 . Do n't you guys send out a notice when it is on back order ? The fact that you had sent me a message that it was shipped , and fedex was written up a label on that day , tells me that somebody forgot to call for a pick-up . '' They emailed me back with `` It is a coincidence that your order was shipped out the day you sent your complaint . Items are placed on back order if they are sold out in our retail store , before the inventory is updated online . '' I think they should of emailed me after they sent out a confirmed ` out for shipping email ' to me that said `` sorry this item is on back order We will contact you when it comes in '' . They did not send an On Back Order notification and then sent it to me with a shipping wait of Sept. 3rd ! I said I was contacting Amazon to file a claim and refusing my order unless they at least give me free shipping . they did refund my shipping . The pencils came with long cracks in the wood and no two extra color sticks like they advertise . Not happy ! I knew I should of bought something shipped through Amazon , which does a wonderful job with customer satisfaction . But No I went through Whole Sale Stuff . The price was 37.95 instead of the 75.99 and I guess I got what I paid for .
 Received item without the advertised 2 Bonus Artstix . Sent email to Amazon . They suggested returning the product and buy again . Checked reviews and found that a lot of other customers already complained the same problem . Obviously Amazaon never resolved this issue . Sent another email to Amazon pointing out this common problem . What good would that be if I return this package and get another one later with same problem ?? Amazingly , I have got no reply at all from Amazon after 12 days . What kind of customer service is this with Amazon ?? REALLY DISAPPOINTED !!!
 I received the color pencils in the tin . But there is no bonus Artstix . I think I am not the first one here that does not get them . They should change the name of the product so it would not mislead people anymore .
 Sure these pencils deliver a good color , but you 're going to be buying a lot of them ! The lead is broken on the inside , every time I try to sharpen them , I have to sharpen them down to a stump because the lead keeps breaking off in the sharpener . What a waste of money .
 Everyone who has used these pencils , and even those who research them , will know that the soft cores are prone to breakage usually from handling .1 -RRB- Check your packaging!This item was sent to me by Amazon in a box that allowed too much movement inside , and packingmaterial only on the bottom .2 -RRB- Check your pencils!I found that 2 of the pencils were not from the set I ordered . They had different foil stampsand a few pencils were shorter -LRB- which means they were Used -RRB- . Make sure you get what you ordered , -LRB- I did n't get any Artstix in my package -RRB- It 's not a debate about the usability of Artstix -- just give me what I paid for!All in all , I felt like someone was trying to pull a fast one at my convenience . At least I only have to wait another week -LRB- even though I am a Prime member -RRB- and hopefully will get the right item packaged and shipped correctly , new and unused .
 I love the look of these mechanical pencils but have given up on this style because , for the life of me , I have not been able to figure out how to refill the lead once it runs out . I have taken these apart and tried inserting lead every which way , and it 's just a huge hassle and I have not ever done it successfully . I think a mechanical pencil should be easily refillable and reusable , but these just end up in the landfills once the lead runs out . Not a good purchase .
 I bought a small pack -LRB- 5 or 6 -RRB- to give to my writers group . It 's a good thing I tried one out first . I still have n't gotten sight of a lead , though I 've twisted and twisted . I had one like this once and liked it , hence the purchase . Any ideas ? I 've read all the reviews , but still have n't seen any lead and I 'm tired of twisting . How many twists does it take , 50 ?????
 While these mechanical pencils have some advantages over a regular pencil , they are not what I would recommend . The reason behind this is that they are not refillable , and , with the ones I had , the lead would occasionally break inside the pencil , and I would have to throw the pencil away . The refillable pencils are better because they can be reused over and over , these have to be thrown out when they run out of lead . Another thing that I do n't like about these is the method of lead advancement . To advance the lead , you have to twist the tip where the lead comes out . After using other mechanical pencils , I became used to pushing on the end for more lead , and got frustrated when this technique did n't work on these pencils . These pencils do have the advantage over regular wood pencils of not having to be sharpened , but I think I prefer wood pencils to these.Loggie-log-log-log
 One piece of lead . Use it up and then the pencil is useless . Make a wiser choice and find a pencil that is refillable .
 The pencil does have smooth action and it is easy to hold . A simple twist allows one to retract the lead ; good for then carrying it around in one 's pocket . The lead does not break off as much as it does in some other mechanical pencils.But , and this is a big but , this pencil is NOT refillable . So , it will simply end up in a landfill . All that plastic and a long metal spring inside are just so much garbage -- and consume resources and energy in the making . A regular lead pencil , made out of wood , is much more environmentally friendly . Other mechanical pencils , that are refillable , are a MUCH smarter buy -- both for reuse but also to spare the Earth.Anyone who buys this really is saying that they do n't care about the environment!Shame on Papermate for making such a thing . Now , if they would make it refillable , I 'd reconsider my rating !
 I would not reccomend this pencil because it is a total waste of cash.The pencils are not refillable , and the lead breaks really easy . Nobody wants to have their one and only pencil that is not refillable run out of lead in class!The only choice for you then is to borrow one from a classmate , and usually they wo n't let you borrow one.I would not buy this pencil if I were you.Sure , they look pretty cool , but they are a waste of money .
 Feel and write weak -LRB- literally feels like the pencil and the lead are going to break as I write . . -RRB- . Also , I hate having to turn the top to extend the lead.Saw the good reviews and though I 'd give these a try . I 'm going back to BIC .
 This led pencil does not have a push to advance lead and the lead . Does not fall out if u push it all the way bu it does come with lead
 I bought a pack of these for my students to use as borrowers . Within a week most were broken and having to fiddle and try to replace led was just not happening . I went with the basic clicker pencils and my next thought since those have now been stolen is just to buy a pack of golf pencils .
 every time when i insert paper size A4 -LRB- 8.5 x 11 -RRB- printer size paper . the sheet get stuck inside and never comes out , release button does n't work , and product over heat when it 's just turn into a green light shows you u can use the product for small work like laminate cards size as a driver license its ok , but after few min ' more when i insert more cards plastic comes out so hot u can barely touch the card and plastic so flaxible like its melting or something i have to keep the card on a flat surface because when it get cold it stays at the same shape . it 's better to invest a lil more money and get something better for a long term .
 This is a very disappointing pencil sharpener . The handle does not turn smoothly and the cutting blades often jam . This problem was exacerbated by mounting the sharpener against a vertical surface . I replaced this with a much cheaper , single-cutter pencil sharpener which works much better -LRB- but still not as well as the one I had as a kid ! -RRB-
 My parents have one of these that is 40 years old and works fine so I bought one . Unfortunately the mechanism is sloppy and the grinding blades get jammed in the drive gears . It seems like the company would have mastered the design of this simple machine . i think there has been too much cost cutting .
 It is the end of the year and I am writing from a 3rd grade public school classroom with the model that looks the one pictured but mounts with a rubberized vacuum suction lever . It 's called the Sanford GIANT Vacuhold . I retreived it from the trash because the teacher disposed of it after two years of having it around . It really did not hold up well during the year of usage in a classroom of 31 third-grade students sharpening their pencils . After the first year , it sat in storage the 2 years while other sharpeners were tried . This is year three and it 's being disposed of.It could likely be adequate with a user who does not require lots of pencil sharpening.Upon inspection , there is a plastic part which holds the sharpener 's gears in its place , but from jiggling when sharpening pencils , that got worn and the entire assembly wiggles excessively . The cover which catches the shavings is now very loose and prone to falling off when sharpening a pencil . One strong point is the cranking handle is large and easy to grip . It 's too bad the rest of the sharpener is not made to the same level of excellence as that handle 's grip .
 Absolute junk . Has n't sharpened properly since day one . Rough surface left on wood , uneven point and broken tips , plastic size guide wo n't stay in one place and the shaving catcher wo n't stay attached.Other than that a fine piece of engineering .
 One color was missing , another color was provided in duplicate . One may think 23 of 24 is n't too bad , but then , why did you try to buy 24 colors ?
 I am sorry I bought this particular brand , they are not quality and so far every pencil I have used has broken color stick , it keeps falling out of the wood casing as you sharpen , either these were badly abused in transit or they just are not very well made .
 this is made by Sanford a mediocre if that company that makes pens and what not of low grade quality and thus this speaks for all their lines of products . you could get better quality using using a crayola wax pencil . if you like leads that have no pigment , breaks too easily and you are just a sucker for what was never a good idea in the first place but somehow got too much recognition and the name excites you , well here you go , throw your money away
 The pencil is attractive but more bulky than I had imagined . However , the advertisement states that the Papermate PhD Mechanical Pencil , # 67002 , is retractable , which it definitely is not ! I had intended to carry this pencil with me in my purse and not have the lead exposed but alas , not to be ! Guess I 'll have to just use it at my desk and hopefully someone else will like it and I 'll start looking for a real retractable pencil .
 I have used many mechanical pencils , and this is by far the worst that I have ever used , for many reasons.The eraser that came with the pencil will leave a mess that then can not be erased by any means . The lead constantly slips back into the pencil while writing . The plastic body is poorly designed because it will quickly split where the two halves join together . This happened with two pencils in a row . Another customer mentions the same problem . After splitting , the two parts will constantly slip apart . This is very frustrating when you pull it out of your pocket and realize that the pencil has come apart , leaving all of the extra leads broken into pieces in your pocket . The pencil is not comfortable to use.On a brighter note , if you want the ultimate mechanical pencil , the Logo , which is also marketed by Papermate , is the best and most practical pencil you can buy . It has a very long twist eraser , like the Clearpoint , but the eraser that comes with the Logo erases cleanly . The lead will not slip back into the pencil while writing . It has a shock absorbing tip that is very helpful to avoid lead breakage . The tip recesses when not in use , as does the Clearpoint , so your pocket wo n't get torn . The Logo is sturdy and will last a very long time . It has a clean elegant design and is comfortable to write with.Oddly , the Clearpoint is available in stores everywhere and the only place I have recently seen the Logo is online . Both pencils sell for about the same price.You ca n't go wrong with the Logo mechanical pencil .
 so i got this pencil in the mail a few days agoit 's a really nice pencil , but the box says pack of 12 . i only received 1 pencil not even in the packaging . paying around $ 8 for ONE PENCIL is ridiculous ! i recommend getting this from a different buyer .
 I love these pencils . They are easy to use for long periods of time with the nice grip and large eraser . I thought it was a great price for a box of twelve of them so ordered two . When it came in the mail , I was irritated to find two pencils with a rubber band around them . The description says , `` 12 Green Barrel Pencil '' and the picture shows a box of twelve but the fine print says , `` sold as 1 each . '' Lesson learned
 I use these pencils daily and was very excited to find what I thought would be a very good purchase . The wording of the listing implies that they are selling a box of 12 pencils , and in conjunction with a picture of the box that would be understandable right ? In reality they are selling singular pencils , but one would only know that if they delved all the way into the fine print of the listing . Please exercise CAUTION before finalizing your purchase , unless you feel comfortable paying more than $ 12 for one -LRB- 1 -RRB- pencil ...
 I have used many mechanical pencils , and this is by far the worst that I have ever used , for many reasons.The eraser that came with the pencil will leave a mess that then can not be erased by any means . The lead constantly slips back into the pencil while writing . The plastic body is poorly designed because it will quickly split where the two halves join together . This happened with two pencils in a row . Another customer mentions the same problem . After splitting , the two parts will constantly slip apart . This is very frustrating when you pull it out of your pocket and realize that the pencil has come apart , leaving all of the extra leads broken into pieces in your pocket . The pencil is not comfortable to use.On a brighter note , if you want the ultimate mechanical pencil , the Logo , which is also marketed by Papermate , is the best and most practical pencil you can buy . It has a very long twist eraser , like the Clearpoint , but the eraser that comes with the Logo erases cleanly . The lead will not slip back into the pencil while writing . It has a shock absorbing tip that is very helpful to avoid lead breakage . The tip recesses when not in use , as does the Clearpoint , so your pocket wo n't get torn . The Logo is sturdy and will last a very long time . It has a clean elegant design and is comfortable to write with.Oddly , the Clearpoint is available in stores everywhere and the only place I have recently seen the Logo is online . Both pencils sell for about the same price.You ca n't go wrong with the Logo mechanical pencil .
 The product description shows up as :3 x Pentel -LRB- R -RRB- Sharplet-2 -LRB- tm -RRB- Automatic Pencil , 0.5 mm , BlackSold by
 Out of a pack of six pencils , I had the lead advancing mechanism fail within the first coupe of days of use . The pencils that do work continue to function well with constant use . Overall it seems to be a production problem that lead to a few bad units . The erasers wear down far too quickly and the pencils only come with a single extra stick of lead . As a long-time clickster user , the brand seems to have taken a turn for the worse recently .
 Look at what `` Shoplet '' is offering!Paper Mate ClearPoint 0.7 mm Mechanical Pencil , Blue Barrel , Box of 12You get a box of 12 pencils , marked down from $ 39.48 to $ 3.13 . Right ? Fantastic ! Like it says , You Save
 I just received mine in the same fashion as the previous reviewer . I ordered two boxes of 12 pencils for a total of 24 pencils . I received 2 pencils in a plastic bag inside a box that could hold a laptop computer . $ 11 for TWO pencils . I 'm extremely upset with this seller , and am expecting a return at no cost to me .
 I have used many mechanical pencils , and this is by far the worst that I have ever used , for many reasons.The eraser that came with the pencil will leave a mess that then can not be erased by any means . The lead constantly slips back into the pencil while writing . The plastic body is poorly designed because it will quickly split where the two halves join together . This happened with two pencils in a row . Another customer mentions the same problem . After splitting , the two parts will constantly slip apart . This is very frustrating when you pull it out of your pocket and realize that the pencil has come apart , leaving all of the extra leads broken into pieces in your pocket . The pencil is not comfortable to use.On a brighter note , if you want the ultimate mechanical pencil , the Logo , which is also marketed by Papermate , is the best and most practical pencil you can buy . It has a very long twist eraser , like the Clearpoint , but the eraser that comes with the Logo erases cleanly . The lead will not slip back into the pencil while writing . It has a shock absorbing tip that is very helpful to avoid lead breakage . The tip recesses when not in use , as does the Clearpoint , so your pocket wo n't get torn . The Logo is sturdy and will last a very long time . It has a clean elegant design and is comfortable to write with.Oddly , the Clearpoint is available in stores everywhere and the only place I have recently seen the Logo is online . Both pencils sell for about the same price.You ca n't go wrong with the Logo mechanical pencil .
 I will never buy from this seller again ! The title clearly says that its a box of 12 but I received one pencil wrapped in a plastic bad with one piece of lead ! $ 2.50 for a pencil and $ 9.00 for shipping ? This seller is a cheap lair !!
 I just received the package but found only 1 pencil thrown in a sealed bag instead of a box of 12 pencils . Filed a complaint and hoping it was a genuine mistake on the sellers part.I based my buying decision on the title and description of the product -LRB- of course along with the picture of the box -RRB- which clearly states 12 pencils .
 This letter opener was a failure right out of the box . It did not open an envelope completely , often running off the edge or leaving a groove in the envelope . Some envelopes it just left a groove all the way across the top with no cutting action at all . the cutting wheels spin so fast it jerks the envelope from the feed tray . The envelopes we tried to open were standerd business envelopes , nothing fancy . Pass this one up .
 All I expect it to do is open letters . Maybe opens 1 out of 3 without stopping or just not opening the letter . I 'm returning it right away .
 One of the three boxes is empty !!! I showed it to my classmates and made them happy . Empty box and a lot of fun , fair trade .
 Originally I gave this pencil a good review . But I 'm here to change that . From a 5 star to a 2 . The reason for this is that with all things concidered , really this mechanical pencil is only good for a month , 2 at it 's best . It seems like the lead over time lubricates the interior to the point where there is no friction , and instead of the lead being pumped out little by little it just drops out . I did enjoy it for the time that it worked though .
 It worked fine for a while , but then it just stopped working . I have a home office so it may have received more wear and tear than the average household , but I do n't feel that I overworked it .
 My shredder also worked well at first , but even with lubrication , it continued to loose cutting power until a max of three sheets was all it could handle . Then it jammed bit time . I disassembled the unit and found that the drive was all plastic gears and the small drive motor gear had worn all the teeth down to nothing . Nothing left to do but trash it and go shopping for a different brand . It was just under a year old and only used for my personal use which was actually pretty light .
 I used the Quicker Clicker line of mechanical pencils for years . They are built to last with high quality plastic and metal pieces.Unfortunately , I learned about their greatest drawback the hard way . The metal sleeve the lead advances out of does not retract . I always carry pencils in my pocket and I did not know the metal sleeve had poked through my jeans . When I quickly moved my arm across it , the metal sleeve caught my skin and I ended up with a 4 inch rip across my forearm . The scar is slowly healing but my distaste for this pencil never will.If you plan to leave this pencil in a jar next to your desk , it will serve you for years and you will be very happy with it . If you 're like me and carry a writing utensil in your pocket , beware !!!
 I used the Quicker Clicker line of mechanical pencils for years . They are built to last with high quality plastic and metal pieces.Unfortunately , I learned about their greatest drawback the hard way . The metal sleeve the lead advances out of does not retract . I always carry pencils in my pocket and I did not know the metal sleeve had poked through my jeans . When I quickly moved my arm across it , the metal sleeve caught my skin and I ended up with a 4 inch rip across my forearm . The scar is slowly healing but my distaste for this pencil never will.If you plan to leave this pencil in a jar next to your desk , it will serve you for years and you will be very happy with it . If you 're like me and carry a writing utensil in your pocket , beware !!!
 I used the Quicker Clicker line of mechanical pencils for years . They are built to last with high quality plastic and metal pieces.Unfortunately , I learned about their greatest drawback the hard way . The metal sleeve the lead advances out of does not retract . I always carry pencils in my pocket and I did not know the metal sleeve had poked through my jeans . When I quickly moved my arm across it , the metal sleeve caught my skin and I ended up with a 4 inch rip across my forearm . The scar is slowly healing but my distaste for this pencil never will.If you plan to leave this pencil in a jar next to your desk , it will serve you for years and you will be very happy with it . If you 're like me and carry a writing utensil in your pocket , beware !!!
 Be sure to read EVERY detail you are only buying 1 tube only ! Best to look somewhere else for a cheaper price , Felt ripped off .
 I was given one of the old version , without the rubber , in fourth grade . That was 13 years ago , and I still use it . Only now is it starting to have problems , and now I ca n't find a replacement . I bought one'a them newfangled rubberized ones a year ago , and it 's degraded completely already
 I used the Quicker Clicker line of mechanical pencils for years . They are built to last with high quality plastic and metal pieces.Unfortunately , I learned about their greatest drawback the hard way . The metal sleeve the lead advances out of does not retract . I always carry pencils in my pocket and I did not know the metal sleeve had poked through my jeans . When I quickly moved my arm across it , the metal sleeve caught my skin and I ended up with a 4 inch rip across my forearm . The scar is slowly healing but my distaste for this pencil never will.If you plan to leave this pencil in a jar next to your desk , it will serve you for years and you will be very happy with it . If you 're like me and carry a writing utensil in your pocket , beware !!!
 I ordered what I thought was 12 packages of .7 Pentel pencil leads for $ 5.99 . Even the summary of my order says there are 12 pieces in my shipment . What a shock to find out that the 12 pieces were the 12 leads that were in the package ! This would have cost around a dollar -LRB- or less -RRB- anywhere else and I paid $ 6 for it -LRB- plus shipping of $ 15 or so to get it the next day -RRB- . So I have one package of 12 pencil leads that I paid $ 20 for . This is just wrong !
 This is a fabulous pencil -- except that I use a pencil when I write something that must be erasable.The tiny eraser of Dr. Grip is inadequate for me , and covered with a small metal cap which must be removed and kept in a safe place while I erase.I chose Dr. Grip while searching for a pencil that could accommodate my increasingly arthritic fingers . Dr. Grip does that well -- it is comfortable to hold and allows me to write a long time without fatigue . However , I enjoy the same level of comfort with the Papermate PhD , which has an always-ready twist-up eraser that lasts forever.A fabulous pencil for many , but not a good choice for me .
 I 've used Dr. Grip .5 mm pencils for over 10 years now . I do a lot of higher mathematics by hand , and have always relied on the great feel of these pencils . The reason is both the `` feel '' of the pencil , as well as the metal rod insert that is included inside which lets you draw lead out with a shake of the pencil . Sounds petty , but when you are deep in writing , it makes it that much better to just shake and go as I say.Lately , Target stopped carrying these $ 10 pencils -LRB- which in all honesty , the price tag is justified -RRB- . So I turned to Amazon for it.As soon as I got it , I knew something was terribly different . I have a 4 year old Dr. Grip pencil , identical in looks , which I compared to what I just received . The `` new '' pencil feels very cheap , and the metal rod is no longer included . It says made in Japan , but in all honesty it feels like a cheap Chinese product . The newer pencil is about 1/5 the weight of the older pencil I have.I am disappointed in Pilot , the maker . However , I asked Amazon for a refund and they took care of me right away . Save your money if you are after the traditional pencil - this is n't it .
 I bought 3 of thoses mechpencils from pentel and I have problems with corrosion and lose of the metallic grip due to weakness of the conection between the barrel and the loose grip . The other problems is because the barrel is not tight enough making sometimes the leads fall out of the pencil when you pull it quickly from pocket .
 My in-laws have this phone . The sound is full of static , even standing next to the base when on the phone . It also knocks the computers in the house off of the wireless router every time it rings . This undesired effect seems to come and go , regardless of channel .
 I had a problem with tis phone from the get-go . Bad range , and cheap all the way around . I had to return it for mechanical reasons .
 Bought this product with Brand Name . Mistake . Concur with other reviews at Amazon . Sparingly used it for 10 months and it finally broke . It is a simple design with a motor . Sounds like the Motor quality is very poor . Do n't buy . It is waste of your money.Panasonic KP4A-BK Kp-4a battery pencil sharpener , black , 1 Unit
 It was great while it lasted . Small , sleek , did the job . But that was only one month - then for no diagnosable reason , it stopped sharpening and would only make a loud , whirring noise and break off the tips of the pencils . Changed batteries , cleaned blades , nothing worked . Not sure why the technology of the pencil sharpener should be so difficult .
 It does not work well.Not enough power I guess.The motor gets stuck . Sharpening a pensil takes longer than doing is manually.I would not recommend it.Buy a bigger one .
 I purchased this sharpener because of past experience with this brand.The sharpener totally stopped working after a few months . We tried to have it repaired , but the repair person was unable to do so.I have since purchased a Royal sharpener for half the price !
 This sharpener is an ideal size and weight . It does a great job sharpening and has plenty of power . I was very happy with it until it broke . The motor ran but the blade stopped turning . I opened it up to find that the teeth had broken off of a cheap little white plastic gear wheel inside . It 's useless now .
 I was so excited about this sharpener . . I 've been on the hunt for a good sharpener . . It gave me just the perfect point I 've been looking for on the first few graphite pencils I tried . . then I moved to my color pencils . . on the third pencil the lead broke . . after cleaning the broken piece out it now consistently breaks every pencil in the same spot . . :-LRB- what a tease to give me the exact point I 've been looking for , only to break after a few pencils !
 This sharpener only lasted 4 months . At that time , something inside broke down and the motor stopped turning the sharpener . I can not recommend it . Waste of money -- I will be searching for a more durable model .
 From the start , this pencil sharpener did n't sharpen pencil points evenly . I had to rotate the pencil around carefully to make sure all sides were covered . Also , the `` grade '' was too steep from the first cut to the point , leaving a very short sharpened point . Then the sharpener fell off the shelf and onto my desk -- not far , but apparently enough to injure its internal organs . After that it sharpened for awhile , but reluctantly . It made a new , ominous noise . The noise kept getting worse , until it sounded like the Texas Chain Saw Massacre . Shortly afterward , the blades stopped working . I guess I did n't expect the sharpener to be so fragile .
 I bought two sharpeners . I sharpened about ten pencils with the first one -LRB- excellent sharpening while it lasted -RRB- , and something `` let go '' inside . The motor ran but the rotating blade had no more power - as soon as I pressed the pencil into the blade it would stop turning while the motor continued running freely.I unwrapped the second sharpener to see if it would hold up better . Again , after about 10 pencils , exactly the same thing happened.When I disassembled one of them to analyze the failure , I discovered that a crucial area of the plastic gear that drives the blade mechanism was stripped away so that the gear was spinning practically freely . It was unable to drive the blade mechanism with any significant strength.Conclusion
 Go for the electric and more robust models . This one had a great call , small and mobile , easy to use . But it lasted for no more than 3 months , under very light duty.Internal plastic parts fell shy on expectations , as did Panasonic 's customer care when prompted to service it ... in fact do n't you ever try to use their customer care email form , it simply does not work .
 The sharpener worked fine for a while , then it started making a terrible noise and grining the wood , but not shrpening ... not having saved the box or paperwork , I threw it out . I 'll go back and get a Radio Shack one next time .
 It broke after six months under normal usage . This seems like a good product out of the box , but it has a serious design flaw . The hardened spiral cutters sharpen well , but the cheap plastic gears driving the cutters are n't meant for the long haul .
 I got this to sharpen my daughter 's colored pencils , which she breaks constantly . It worked perfectly , sharpening the pencils quickly and easily and putting a very fine point on them every time . Then , after a few dozen uses , it suddenly broke , in exactly the same way many of the other low-scoring reviews have described
 We only one child at home who uses pencil sharpeners . We 've had 3 of this model die in the past two years . They all die the same way-motor still turns , but wo n't sharpen , just goes round and round the pencil .
 I loved this sharpener . It performed exactly as the other reviewers described . I am an artist and used it for sharpening expensive color pencils . It did a great job of creating sharp points without eating up the pencils . However , it stopped working after about a year . I do n't think I abused or over-used it . I was very disappointed . I think I 'm going to purchase the electric model this time ; it received a lot of good reviews , and I hope it will last much longer .
 These highlighters come in pretty colors , but even without much pressure , so much liquid comes out while you 're highlighting that it pools and dries very slowly . I ended up having to sit in class with paper towels to soak up any extra liquid , smudging a lot of the highlights in the process , and therefore having the product defeat it 's purpose . This happened to me with all the highlighters in the pack , so it was n't just one defective highlighter . Stay away from them !
 I ordered these highlighters and although I received these colors , the highlighters I ordered were zazzle and the quality is terrible . Be weary and make sure this item is what is listed .
 This sharpener does not sharpen correctly . After reading the reviews , it is evident that this product is defective , yet the company continues to sell this product . If you use this sharpener , you will waste your pencils since it only sharpens one side of the pencil . I am not pleased with the fact that I have a sharpener that is unusable .
 I purchased two of these for our PT doctorate program because they were so highly rated . We currently have 60 students and many bring their own pencil sharpeners so these were getting minimal to average use . Both were broken within a 4 week period ! I was very disappointed and would NOT recommend . After having the sharpeners looked at to see if they could be repaired , we were told aside from the actual blades , they use cheap parts . Do n't waste your money .
 With the great many positive reviews I had hoped for better.Alas the cutters are misaligned . The axis of symmetry of thecutters is not that of the guide , so that the wood rises to oneside of the lead . Likewise the paint rises to the same side of thewood . I disassembled the sharpener and tried adjusting the cutter , but one of the two adjustment mechanisms appeared to be stripped.Luck of the draw ? Maybe so , but this should n't be a crap shoot .
 My sharpener also only sharpens on one side , I try spinning the pencil and sometimes I 'm satisfied but the children can not get it to straighten out . I would not get this again and after 6 months I 'm back on here looking for a new one .
 Redesigned for manufacture in china this sharpener no longer offers long life and worry free use . Out of the box crank was on crooked , screws holding it together were stripped . The eight hole front pencil guiede is flimsy . The design will not stand up to class room use . Look else where .
 Several reviews said this pencil sharpener was heavy duty and worked very well . I teach school and have yet to find a sharpener that will consistently sharpen the poorly-made pencils in my classroom . I purchased this one in hopes that it was do the job . Unfortunately , it sharpens on one side of the pencil so it was a waste of money .
 This sharpener worked very well until a pencil lead got jammed . Taking it apart was not near as hard as getting it back together again . Now it 's pretty useless . So it lasted less than a year , with infrequent use . Much worse track record than my previous electric sharpener . Does anyone know of a mechanical , non-electric sharpener that is easy to unjam ?
 I bought this sharpener right before school starts this year . Initially , it worked well . Now just a couple of months later it pretty much is worn out . We only used the sharpener weekly , so it has not been heavily used really . We are not happy and I would n't recommend this product .
 This sharpener looks retro and heavy duty but it is not . The metal is a little thicker than a soda can but not as thick as a soup can . The pencil size selector on the front is also made of very thin metal and feels like it will fall off soon . But the biggest problem with this sharpener is that it sharpens pencils to such a very sharp point that the lead breaks too easily when my children try to write with it . -LRB- young children need more of a blunt tip -RRB- Then when you resharpen your pencil , it will grind down about an inch and a half before you get to the new lead . The second huge problem is that it does n't sharpen evenly and the wood ends up down by the tip . I always have to break some of the wood off with my fingernail so my kids can write with it.I know people are more likely to write a review if they are disappointed than happy with a product so I do n't put too much stock in the negative reviews . But in this case , I guess I should have listed to the other reviewers .
 I had been looking for a sharpened that had dual cutters because I know this style sharpens pencils more consistently the the single cutter style . Once I saw that this product had that , I was sold . However , this sharpener burned me ... I took it out of the package and opened up the shavings container and the thin metal clasp immediately sheared off . I did n't put any unnecessary force on it , it just broke while I was closing it . This made me look and sure enough it was made in China . Had I known about that I would have avoided this product , especially with it 's high price .
 When reading the details , was under the impression that this pencil sharpener was produce in the USA -LRB- Ohio -RRB- . When we received , big print on bottom . Made in China , distributed in Ohio . Very misleading !
 I think I 've seen a few other reviews that mentioned the uneven or off-center , sharpening of this but I liked the design and with overall 4-stars I thought I would give it a shot.Has been sharpening pencils off-center from the moment it came out of the box , e.g one side of the point is all `` lead '' and the other is mostly wood . I disassembled it thinking it may be something that I could adjust but was not successful -LRB- I may even have made it worse -RRB- . It sounds like this was an excellent product at one time but it now seems quality is sporadic.Pros
 This pencil sharpener does not have the proper mechanism inside to sharpen any kind of pencil . It is a total waste and only fit for the garbage . Your product should be evaluated before being offered for sale .
 If you buy and use it , you will find the true value of it . Do n't waste your time on such rubbish
 Do not buy this sharpener . In spite of a previous review that said it sharpened off center , I bought it anyway because the reviewer thought it might be the fault of the pencil . Well in my case , every pencil it sharpens has the point off center , and it 's so bad that there is wood remaining on one side of the point almost all the way to the tip.This is by no standard a `` heavy-duty '' sharpener
 For a while the sharpener seemed to work ; however , about a year later it most often broke the pencil lead . When it did n't break the lead , it did not sharpen evenly , with the result that the wood of the pencil extended to within a millimeter of end of the lead.Another Ranger 55 -LRB- Boston written on its cover -RRB- which I own has worked well for years .
 Two significant issues with this pencil sharpener . The first is that it did n't stand up to two years of 5th grade classroom use before the handle broke off the rotating arm . The second is that the sharpener does not center the point on the pencil . Both are the result of poor quality and design as described below.With respect to the handle issue , the shaft failed at the connection to the arm . It appeared like it was some sort of compression fitting that fatigued over time . All turning force goes through this joint . The shaft was not securely attached to the arm and as a result it failed over time . A more secure attachment method would fix this problem . I used a # 10-32 screw and some nuts to temporarily fix the problem.The other issue with this sharpener is that it sharpens the pencil point off center . This occurs because the support sides which attach to the base are misaligned . They are misaligned due to manufacturing tolerance issues or because the sides are too flexible and move relative to each other when a slight load is applied . It does n't take much deflection of either side to misalign the cutter head axis relative to the pencil axis . The support sides are flimsy stamped metal secured to the base with two screws . This structure and attach method is simply not rigid enough to keep the sides in perfect alignment without deflecting under load -LRB- like when sharpening -RRB- . A one piece or cast structure would be a far superior design . Allowing the sides to move independently of each other either due to assembly misalignment or under load is the root cause of this problem.Bottom line
 I was excited about buying an old-fashioned pencil sharpener for my homeschooled son , but this one is n't particularly satisfactory . The action is kind of stiff , and it kind of SCRAPES as it sharpens .
 sharpens point to the side , not on center . For the cost I should have purchased vintage ... will do more homework for next purchase ...
 I am a homeschooler and most sharpeners do n't work straight from their packaging . I was really excited to get one that was reviewed positivly only to find it is worse than the one i have now . It does n't even sharpen out of the box . Save yourselves the trouble of purchasing garbage .
 I bought this back in March , and by July it no longer worked . Of course , Amazon wo n't let me return it since I 've had it for more than 2 months . Do n't buy it !
 I received the pencil sharpener this afternoon , unpacked it and started using it right away . Unfortunately , after sharpening about 25 pencils the sharpener stopped working . The unit was very warm so I unplugged it for about an hour and tried again . No luck .
 Lasted 8 months , now nothing happens - suspect that the thermal fuse has gone , but can not find instructions on how to reset , if at all possible . Might be the best pencil sharpener ever - while it works , but now it is an expensive paper weight , at least until I can get around to calling up the returns department and pay for it to be sent in for repairs.Addendum 11/01/10
 With great excitement and enthusiasm my girls went to work sharpening our many , many dull pencils . This thing was amazing for 20 mintues and then died .
 I purchesed this pencil sharpener for my 4th grade classroom in Feb. of 2009 . We started using it in March-May of 2009 , were off for summer break until Aug. 2009 and it is no longer working Dec. 2009 . Our school maintenence personel looked at it . There is nothing stuck in it ... it will work if you jiggle the pencil around . They said it seems as if it has just gone dull . My money is precious to me as a low-paid teacher . I wo n't buy a Panasonic sharpener again .
 Panasonic just sent me a replacement KP-380 unit that was dead on arrival . This was to replace the original unit I purchased , which lasted for only a matter of weeks . After waiting six weeks for the `` factory reconditioned '' replacement , I was disappointed that after another long time on hold with Panasonic customer service , they refused to refund my money and insisted on sending another `` reconditioned '' unit instead . Amazon should sever ties with manufacturers who ca n't honor their warranty commitments in a timely fashion . Six months after initial purchase , I still do n't have a working pencil sharpener or a refund .
 Bought two of these over the past three years . They worked great until one day they did n't . Turns out the gears are plastic and the teeth break off . Looks like it 's made to last until you take it apart . Do n't waste your money .
 This was a terrible pencil sharpener and broke within a month ! It just quit sharpening - it performed as though the motor burned out . The seller was great , though !
 I bought it in September 2009 for 2 school children . The price was great , about 30 $ . It worked great too -- fast , good sharp , no noise . Much better than sharpener at school . One day it did not work . I threw the box and docs from it as it did work great for several months . So I decided I could not get the warranty or replacement . I read that some people did not manage to repair it through the Panasonic service . We tried to repair it . We did not find any problems , nothing was stuck , all connections worked . Very disappointed . Now ordered X-ACTO - Teacher Pro Electric Pencil Sharpener from another store , will compare .
 Works really well . There is no comparison to the ones that use batteries or a razor blade to sharpen the pencil . Unfortunately the unit died after about 3 months of use . Not sure what happened but it acts as if it is getting no power . Problem with its tiny logic board perhaps?I am going to hope that the burnout was a fluke and buy another one ; it does its job that well , when it works anyway .
 I really enjoyed this pencil sharpener . I used it for my classroom , so it saw a lot of use ! It was quick , sharpened well , and only I operated it . It worked from April until the next December and then it suddenly died ! It was past its warranty and return date , so I wasted a large sum of money on a pencil sharpener .
 This sharpener worked fine for a few months of light use , but it recently stopped sharpening . I opened it up and discovered that the sharpening `` blade '' had moved out of position so it was not contacting the pencils . I could n't figure out a way to correct this , so it 's now unusable .
 I have a dead KP-380 pencil sharpener . We guess we 've had this sharpener a grand total of two , maybe three months . We bought it at the beginning of the 09 shool year , sharpened 50-100 penciles -LRB- yes we emptied the shaving tray -RRB- , and that was it . I took it apart today and found no voltage across the contacts . The wires trace back to separate locations on the main board -LRB- no voltage there either -RRB- . I suspect the transformer is shorted . It was plugged into a power strip with surge protection . Could have been lightning , but the other components plugged into the strip are all OK . Quality seems OK , no pencil dust in the motor compartment . We 're stepping up to an industrial strength sharpener .
 After going through many electric pencil sharpeners in my elementary classroom , I decided to bite the bullet and spend over $ 100 on this sharpener . I expected it to last several years . It worked very well for about 18 months . Then it just made a loud grinding noise when a pencil was inserted.Because I am somewhat mechanically inclined , I opened up the sharpener to figure out how to fix it . To my dismay , I noticed that the plastic gear that was responsible for turning the cutter wheels was broken . The pencil sharpener is n't fixable . I 'm just posting this so that anyone who purchases this pencil sharpener will know that it might not last as long as expected .
 The plastic !! gear that rotates the cutters is broken and no replacement is available . I would expect a very expensive pencil sharpener such as this to literally last forever , or at least a few years . At the very least , it should have rugged parts.I found out that no replacement parts are available due to `` lack of demand . '' Also found out it has a 2 year warranty . call their warranty number and it explains that you have to fax in Model # , shipping address , Proof of date of purchase , and description of failure . Fax to Danielle at 800-741-6046 . hope this helps .
 This pencil sharpener is made with a deliberate structural weakness in the most crucial part of the motor . The gear that drives the cutters is made of plastic . Over time , the plastic gear cracks and renders the sharpener usesless . The motor will run forever , but because of the broken plastic gear , the machine will not work . There are no replacement parts for this malfunction . A machine of this cost -LRB- approx . $ 130 -RRB- should have better workmanship and available replacement parts . It is a pencil sharpener . The gears should be made of metal rather than plastic . However , then it would last too long , and Elmers would not be able to sell you another . I have had three of these machines break in the exact same place . If you read on , you will see many others with the exact same complaint . Too bad the company does n't stand behind their products like they should .
 I am an Elementary School teacher with 17 students in my class . I kept going through sharpeners like crazy so I bought the big one . It only lasted about 80 days and then loud noises and not sharpening . Terrible . The cheap models at least last about 9 months to a year . I am working on using the warrantee . Many say ... good luck !!
 I bought this sharpener 2 years ago . It worked fine . I am a math teacher , so I sharpen about 40-50 pencils a day , by no means a `` High Volume '' or `` Commercial '' use . Two months out of warranty , it simply died . I paid $ 125 dollars for a `` High Volume Commercial Grade '' sharpener and it ca n't handle 40 pencils a day ?!! And the pencils I sharpen everyday are not brand new , only dulled from use . They said out of courtesy they will allow me to send it in , but can not promise me anything . This is code for , '' We will be sending you a paperweight back to you '' . DO NOT BUY THIS !! I am currently researching other sharpeners that are less expensive that I bet will last 2 years .
 I used to have the original model of the this when I was teaching school and it worked FOREVER ! I bought this one for myself and it failed after a few months ; I was sent another one . They obviously lose money when they build them to last like the original ones , but they really went downhill with this one !
 I am a second grade public school teacher and read great reviews about this product so I decided to purchase it . Omg ... . What a big disappointment . It worked well for the first month but then went down hill from there . The pencils would get stuck inside the hole , blades would not sharpened and the pencils constantly get jammed . The machine is loud and obnoxious . Other teachers from across the building could hear it . What a waste of money !
 I purchased this pencil sharpener for my classroom . The students are not allowed to use the sharpener but I sharpen pencils for them . The reviews I read stated this but I tho ' t I would give it a try . It is very costly to only have for 6 months because it was well taken care of and now I do n't have a clue of who to return it to .
 You 'd think for the amount of money that you paid , that this would be the last pencil sharpener that you would ever have to buy -- but that 's not the case . I teach 8th grade math at a middle school with 6 -LRB- six -RRB- classes per day , and so I bought two of them so my students would n't have to wait in long lines everyday . They just could n't hold up , not even for the whole school year !! Actually I 've had cheaper sharpeners that lasted much longer , so I looked up online the specs of these sharpeners too see if there was anything I could do . They mentioned cleaning them , to make sure no shavings were caught in the gears , but that 's all . One of the sharpeners stopped working altogether , the motor would n't respond ???
 Spent $ 140 for what I thought would be a good sharpener . It lasted a little over 1 year . My $ 15 battery powered sharpener lasted over 3 years so back to a cheaper sharpener . Do n't throw away good money on something no better than the cheap ones .
 I am a second grade teacher and have now had 3 of these . I rarely let kids use this after the first one went belly up . The company was kind enough to replace the first one but I 'm disappointed with the performance . I really like how they work and sharpen , but if you sharpen hard wood pencils , it seizes up the motor . I wish they would have higher quality parts . The gears inside are plastic and very little inside is NOT plastic . I wo n't buy another one because I sharpen maybe 30 pencils 2-3 times a week -LRB- which does n't sound like much to me for a `` high volume '' pencil sharpener -RRB- and still it does n't last beyond about 5 months . It 's just too expensive to justify buying it again .
 This pencil sharpener is wonderful -- until the plastic gear breaks . I shelled out nearly $ 300 for two of these sharpeners , and this happened to both of them . There are no repair parts available . Read reviews of this sharpener on other sites . This is a VERY common problem !
 I ordered the Boston 1606 pencil shapener . Instead I was shipped the X-Acto model 41 . I know of the quality of the 1606 and know nothing of the model 41 . I would have at least expected some sort of notification that a change was being made with my authorization . Amazon and Discount Office Supplies need to change their business practices .
 My elementary school spent a good amount of budget money on a handful of these pencil sharpeners . They were distributed around the school -LRB- for teacher use , only -RRB- with notes attached to each one , `` Please Empty Drawer After Each Use . '' We took such good care of those pencil sharpeners , guarded them from misuse and within a year , they all started to die right around the same time . My husband is an engineer and when I brought them home , he dismantled them , only to find the plastic gearing had cracked and chipped itself into an irreparable state . The company sent him new plastic gearing for a couple of them but those only lasted for a couple of months . We are currently shopping around for alternatives since this was a hugely expensive lesson we all learned . The `` high-volume '' advertised in the description of this pencil sharpener only refers to the amount of money you have wasted . Keep shopping !
 I `` bit the bullet '' and bought this pricey pencil sharpener for my students in hopes of eleviating the pencil sharpener issues I 've experienced over the years as a teacher . I was very excited about this sharpener when I bought it on August 18th . It broke in two weeks . I 'm still waiting to get my warranty back in the mail so that I can send it in for repairs . In the mean time , I 'm purchasing `` flip tip '' pencils for my students because we do n't have a decent sharpener . On Monday , I am using money provided by PTO to order a Bostich . I wo n't ever buy another X-Acto .
 I purchased this pencil sharpener for use in my 5th grade classroom . It lasted only three days . It makes a humming noise like its motor is running , but it will not sharpen pencils . It was not abused by my students . It just stopped working . I do not recommend it .
 I have the Model 41 circa 2007 which was purchased for use in a 3rd grade class . It lasted just over two years before the plastic carrier gear lost all its teeth . When it worked , it was great and is truly heavy duty . Now that the carrier gear has no teeth the sharpener is a $ 130 paper weight . Oh and parts , no way . X-Acto does not sell the carrier gear for this model anymore . They do sell the gear for Model 41 's made before 2005 ... say what ? Yep , crazy and everything that is wrong with manufacturing today . One cheap plastic gear and now a perfectly good sharpener goes to the landfill . Only buy this if you want to `` rent '' it for about $ 50 per year , if you are lucky .
 I think I got a defective pencil sharpener . Within days , it started making some funny and loud noises . I have requested to return it .
 I really wanted this sharpener to work for me , but it did not.After reading the mixed reviews , I thought I 'd give it a try or two.Pros :1 . Powerful motor2 . Multi-hole design accomodates 6 various pencil sizes3 . Sturdy4 . Stable base keeps it from sliding around while sharpeningCons :1 . Does not sharpen evenly - leaves more exposed wood than pencil point .2 . Loud3 . Does not have an auto-stop feature . I am not sure what they mean by `` pencil saver '' but you could literally run the an entire pencil through itwithout it stopping . Of course , that is something you can learn to overcomeby timing it to see how long it takes to come to a point.I tried this pencil sharpener twice . The first one I exchanged because it didnot sharpen evenly . I figured it was just a defective unit . When I got thenext one , I tried it out right away and to my dismay found that the problemof uneven sharpening was even worse with the 2nd unit . I have an old rectangularBoston Model # 41 that sharpens perfectly , but is even louder than this one.I thought that when they made the sharpeners that they would check thembefore they left the factory - apparently not.Luckily , if you do buy this from Amazon , they have a great return policyand it is easy to ship back . I am not planning on trying a third time.I got a cheaper Model School Pro from Amazon that sharpens the pencils evenly andhas an auto-stop feature that works . It only has one sharpener blade and acounter weight on the other side , so I imagine it will go dull sooner.However , this model costs about $ 32 compared to over $ 100 . I will just have tobe sure that no colored pencils are sharpened in it since they will dull thesharpener sooner . I might invest in a manual sharpener for colored pencils .
 I bought this pencil sharpener in early August . I am a 4th grade school teacher . This expensive sharpener -LRB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- died the week of Labor day . I am very unhappy . This expense came out of my own personal money . How sad for me !!!
 I purchased 3 of these machines and none of them have stood the `` heavy duty '' test . We have 600 plus students and obviously go through many pencils . The inexpensive pencil sharpeners that were purchased are still going although they have to `` rest '' occasionally but the `` heavy duty '' sharpeners just break . I 'm very disappointed and frustrated.X-Acto High-Volume Commercial Electric Pencil Sharpener , Beige , 1 Unit -LRB- 1606 -RRB-
 Our school bought this on 8/2/12 and it has already stopped working . As of today , we have not been able to contact the manufacturer to see if there is a warrenty on it . Purchase at your own risk .
 This was a terrific sharpener - for 4 months . I used it from March until May and then it sat idle over the summer months . It worked well for the first few weeks of the school year until last week when it began to squeak and squeal when in use . I do n't expect it to last out the week . I chose this model because a colleague had purchased one and said she loved it . Unfortunately , hers gave out just a few weeks after mine arrived.Given the price of this model , I have never allowed students to use it , nor have I used it for colored pencils or specialty pencils with designs , etc. . Nope . Just good ol' # 2 pencils . And it still quit on me . I am currently trying to reach X-Acto regarding its supposed 10 year warranty but so far no luck . Amazon only had a 30 day guarantee.I would definitely NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 It worked fine and one day it stopped working completely . Customer service was nice but would not stand by their product . It may have something to do with the fact that Elmer 's now seems to own X-Acto and that the quality has deteriorated . X-Acto used to have a great reputation . No more . We had a technician look at it and he said the quality of the workmanship was terrible . Also , this sharpener is LOUD and as you use it , it gets louder and louder and then one day , it breaks . Save your money and get another brand !
 If you are a teacher with no money to replace this X-ACTO model 41 every year , do not buy this sharpener . I bought 3 of them and they lasted less than 7 months sharpening 20 pencils/day , the plastic blade 's racer wore out.The cutter 's design is very bad . . The blades are incline and the debris from the pencil will fall into the cutting blade 's racer jamming the sharpener . Even if you can get the replacing blades it takes a good hour to replace them . I feel bad because I told my school to buy 5 of them .
 Worked great ... for a few months ... until it broke . Just makes a humming noise when I insert a pencil . Totally , absolutely jammed . I have no idea how to fix it -- or where to send it . Anyone ?
 I am a school teacher and I purchased this sharpener for my classroom . It did n't work for very long . I eventually had to throw it away . I was very unhappy with this product .
 We bought this pencil sharpener for our art center . It lasted about a year before it died . We paid $ 40 for it , expecting that it would last a long time . But it seems to last just as long as the cheaper ones . At the beginning , it worked really well . Maybe if you are n't putting as many miles on it as we are , it will last longer .
 I bought this one for my daughter . It worked for a few months and no longer functions . A waste . Do n't get it .
 I got this Pencil sharpener two or three months agoIt was working fine when I got it it sharpened very well . However it dose not sharpen the whole pencil , so you have to rotate it while sharpening.After a moth maybe a little more ; it stopped sharpening the motor was still running but it was not sharpening.I found this product very disappointing .
 Bought this and it worked at first , though it only really sharpened the very tip of the pencil and not as much lead as you usually get . After a few months it started making a horrible clunking sound then died . Such a piece of crap . $ 20 down the drain .
 Worked intermittently and after less than a year stopped working at all . Did not even use it very often . Waste of money . Do n't bother with this one .
 The best thing I can say is that it 's nice and heavy and has a large shavings compartment.Our kids get lots of pencils which have either poor quality wood or have ornamental covering on them which means you have some sort of thin plastic cover on the pencil instead of just paint.This pencil sharpener does not sharpen them very well . It either stalls out or struggles to give you a lopsided lead which you can barely write with.It works well for higher quality and more conventional pencils , though it does seem underpowered at times.The only consolation I have is that it was about ten bucks after rebate .
 This sharpener is not worth the money . I just bought it today and after attempting to sharpen 3 different pencils decided to give up and return it to Staples . None of the pencils went into the sharpener smoothly , and the end result in two out of the three cases were pencils with sharpened wood but no point . The motor seemed to be struggling from the getgo . I should have read reviews ahead of time and just gone with a Panasonic . It would have saved me a trip to the store .
 Ca n't even give this one away ! Had the same one for years -LRB- do n't even remember the brand -RRB- but decided to get a new one because it seemed to be struggling to sharpen my pencils . I picked up what I thought would be a good one because of the brand and because it was at Staples . I thought I just did n't know how to use it at first because it ate my pencils ! I tried to slow down my entry into the sharpening hole but the pencil would flop around and leave one side of wood . It sharpens REALLY sharp so that the point will break off . Maybe if I was a draftsman or something that might work but I only want a nice sharp pencil to make my grocery lists ! I 'm looking for something better on Amazon -LRB- should have gone to read the reviews there first ! -RRB- . Tried to give this away to some family members , some who are teachers , but after they saw how it works they said they 'd rather use the old fashion crank type . Surely there 's a better electric one out there . I know I had one . But I sent it to the Thrift Shop !
 I recently had to replace my 20-year-old Panasonic pencil sharpener , which was fantastic ! I expected that this would be an improvement , since technology gets better over time , but it was quite the opposite . It takes off a huge amount of the pencil every time I use it , and it sharpens unevenly -- sometimes kind of flat on one side , sometimes with the wood extending beyond the lead , making the pencil unusable.Unfortunately , I am looking for a replacement already .
 looking for another sharpener with the helio cutters and figured I 'd pick this up for a second unit in the studio.motor shakes the unit so much that it breaks the lead.deep cutters yield points that are way too long when it does sharpen.trying to beat the lack of auto-stop functionality does not work ... it will keep on crudely chewing away .
 This pencil sharpener is cheap and it 's not well made . It vibrates when operating , which requires you to steady it with one hand while holding the pencil in place with your other hand . You sometimes have to turn the pencil to get it to sharpen all the sides around the lead , otherwise you 'll be left with a sliver of wood on one side of the point . Do n't plan on sharpening a dozen or so pencils all at once . After about 10 pencils , it over-heats and shuts-off , then you ca n't use it for about an hour until it cools down . The shavings container does n't quite capture all the shavings . There were a lot of messy shavings left inside the unit , so it 's not easy and neat to clean . It operates loudly . Still . . it 's cheap , and if you do n't want to spend much money on a pencil sharpener , you can probably adapt to it 's shortcomings . It will meet its intended purpose and sharpen a few pencils for you , just not quietly , expertly , gently or abundantly . I 've had mine only one day , so ca n't begin to guess how long it will last .
 Avoid this sharpener . The plastic mounts that hold the cutter shaft in place are too weak and flexible , and the cutter assembly is not well balanced . This allows the cutters to wobble inside the housing , which makes the sharpener cut unevenly . You get a point that is off-center , half exposed lead and half wood . You have to keep rotating your pencil and jabbing it in to even things out , grinding away half of it in the process . If you want to sharpen a pencil with an X-Acto product , I 'd suggest one of their scalpel knives and a steady hand .
 This pencil sharpener destroys pencils and does not sharpen straight . It cuts off center missing the lead . the motor struggles , and one ends up with just a broken stub or wood . It eats the pencil rapidly . A hunk of junk .
 In the box , this looks great , and it 's made by a reputable company . However , it is a miserable pencil sharpener for those who care about a perfectly sharpened pencil . It 's slow , noisy , and the `` auto-stop '' feature is practically non-existent . The only way you know when your pencil has been completely sharpened is when you remove it from the sharpener and look at the point ... again and again.Instead , you might want to look into any of the Panasonic electric sharpeners . I own two , and they are perfect -- the auto-stop really works , they 're fast , and they produce the most perfect points from any sharpener I 've ever seen . I wanted to like the Boston sharpener , but it just did n't happen .
 this sharpener struggles to sharpen a pencil . it 's slow , it 's noisy and it does only a mediocre job . this sharpener is a result of the corporate world 's desire to find a way to make something cheaper . `` let 's make it cheaper , sell if for the same price , and thereby make more money . '' it 's a downward spiral . every company tries to make a cheaper product than the competition and pretty soon it is impossible to find a pencil sharpener that _ really _ works . that 's just the way the world works today , i guess . -LRB- sorry about the rant ! -RRB-
 This sharpener is horrible ! it would be quicker to just use a dollar store hand sharpener as it will sharpen better and faster . This does do a great job of breaking the tips as soon as you think that your pencil is almost done . All in all , it takes about 45 minutes to sharpen a box of pencils due to its poor speed . Ive owned it for 6 months and I am completely disappointed X-Acto would put out such a product . I would n't even call it a product , its just a piece of plastic that breaks pencils . Stay away from it !
 I bought one 3 days ago and returned it today . When I received it , I took it out of its box , plugged in and put a pencil in . It made a very high pitched whirring sound , shaved the end of the pencil for about 5 seconds and stopped sharpening . The sound continued , I took out the pencil and was surprised to see that it had undulations on its end . I tried with another pencil , same sound , no sharpening at all . Packed and returned the next day . Thanks to Amazon for making this very efficient and painless .
 when i boght this sharper i was excited because i had lots of dull pencels to sharpen . so i started to sharpen . when i went to do my homwork with sharp pencels two seconds later it broke . i still have it and i am goingto get a better one . you also have to swist the pencel to get it sharpend . its a pain.and i can never find a sharp pencel to write with . And when you empty the sharpenings it all spills out of the garbage.it never sharpens pencels.so i have started to use macanical penceles . But they aways brake.I recamend to never by this sharpener !!!!!! : -LRB-
 I have purchased four -LRB- 4 -RRB- of these sharpeners in the past two years , no easy feat on a teacher 's salary . Only the latest , bought a few months ago , is operational.Despite a 8-10 year warranty claim , these products all quit in my classroom after less than one year . I have contacted the company several times . No response . In a futile attempt to have the sharpeners repaired or replaced , my students wrote letters to the company . They company ignored their 3rd grade letters . My school services poor , inner-city children . Through their indifference , Elmers Inc. has managed to make the childrens ' lives even more difficult.This `` unfriendly '' business approach on the part of Elmers is reproachable . Beware of the false advertising and callous business practices .
 I am officially on my second one of these sharpeners . I will honestly say , when you first get this sharpener - you will LOVE it ! It 's louder than you would want , but in a middle school room - it 's really not that annoying . It sharpens the pencils fairly decently . The cheaper pencils most students use do n't sharpen as well , but I attribute this to the quality of the pencil and not the sharpener . The only problem is that for the price , you 'd want the thing to last more than 3 months . Both of these sharpeners stop sharpening the pencils . The motor runs , but after a while , the blades do n't touch the pencils . The standard pencil opening does n't fit a standard pencil and most pencils have to go in the next size up too . I want to love this sharpener , but I just ca n't . I wish I could find one that would last at least one school year , buying these sharpeners are expensive and not environmentally friendly . I would say that we sharpened about 300 pencils and then thing gave us a lot of trouble .
 Wont stand up to daily sustained usuage . Ive had atleast 3 of these and theyre garbage . They chew the pencils up and do not produce a sharp point . If you want a great pencil sharpener , go to ebay and buy an old fashioned panasonic eletric . Same price , but worlds apart in terms of quality . Xacto as well as Bostich pencil products are trash .
 After only one year , it stopped working !!! My students never used it so I could extend its life and it still stopped working .
 I purchased this sharpener because it was advertised as a heavy-duty school sharpener . As a middle/high school math teacher , pencils are always being sharpened in my class . I found that this sharpener does a very poor job sharpening , so the kids are out of their seats more to sharpen . Additionally , this sharpener is obnoxiously loud . The noise is quite disruptive to my teaching and to the kids when they 're trying to concentrate . I would not purchase this item again , and nor would I recommend it .
 Wow this thing only lasted for 3 days before it decided to quit . My 3rd graders used it for maybe a total of 15 times and it got stuck to where it would n't shut off even after the pencil was taken out . Now it wo n't even sharpen the pencils . A great way to start the school year .
 Agree with some of the other teachers that have reviewed this product . I bought this item after going through several electric sharpeners . I teach high school math , so a sharpener is in high demand . The motor is fantastic -- it 's outlasted every other sharpener that I 've owned . The blades ... well , the blades were effective for about 6 months . Now only one side of the pencil gets sharpened , leaving the other edge of the pencil with a thin skin of wood over the graphite . I have found that the more expensive pencils -LRB- like Ticonderogas -RRB- tend to work better , but most pencils just do n't sharpen any more . I now use the X-Acto School Pro as an over-priced paper weight . The 6 dollar hand crank with vaccuum works better than this .
 I have one of these in my middle school classroom . It sharpens , but it is noisy , and it does not sharpen very well . Leads are frequently broken , it jams , and the noise will drive you up the wall . Most of my students prefer to use the old time crank sharpener , or the little hand held ones .
 I am a classroom teacher and have been looking for the best electric pencil sharpener for some time - needless to say , it is NOT this one . I am on my 3rd one only because the school keeps purchasing them . While this sharpener looks great , it does n't sharpen well at all . Pencils are dull , some do n't even sharpen , and some appear to be sharpened , but then the lead falls right out . I thought maybe it was the quality of pencils so I brought them home to sharpen in my home sharpener of which they sharpened fine . Hmmmm ... . Not to mention that this sharpener has a bad design . When the shavings receptacle is in place , there is a tiny protruding plastic nodule that fits inside the sharpener housing . If that nodule is broken off -LRB- which happened to me - one of the kids knocked it over -RRB- the sharpener will not work . I contacted the company and they would not send me a new receptacle - great customer service . Told me to buy a new sharpener ; well , fat chance on that . So , I am still searching for a better product ...
 Despite being advertised as being heavy duty , reliable , and good for classrooms , this sharperner is definitely not any of those things . I 've tried this product twice in the last several years and both times have been disappointed . Xacto sharpeners are the worst . I 've tried other models in my classroom since they seem to have cornered the market with their cheapness . Their sharpeners grind down the pencils without sharpening them , wasting time and money . They 're noisy , slow , and ineffective . The blades are n't sharp enough and the motors are too weak .
 What a waste of money . I was on my second sharpener after only three weeks . The second one lasted 1 month . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 ... especially if you 're in a Primary Classroom . This pencil sharpener lasted 3 months after heavy use . I have yet to find a pencil sharpener that can stand up to a Primay classroom .
 I normally do n't write reviews but I have to save other teachers from making the same mistake I did.I have been a teacher for six years and have had seven electric sharpeners in my classroom ranging from $ 14.99 up to this one , which I paid $ 48.99 for at Office Max . I bought this sharpener on 9/7/11 -LRB- and paid for the 1 year reimbursement protection they offered ... thankfully -RRB- . Two months later , it stopped sharpening the pencils to a point . The pencils would be 3/4 of the way sharpened with an extremely flat tip . Now , in January I am fed up because it takes so much fiddling around with it to actually get it to sharpen the pencils at all , that my students are becoming increasingly more disruptive . I can not stand it.It is being sent back and I have ordered another model/brand online . I decided to look at the reviews for ALL of the sharpeners ... I wanted to do a lot of research because I am sick and tired of buying pencil sharpeners . The sad fact is all the way up to the $ 200.00 models -LRB- all brands -RRB- , there are poor reviews from teachers ... and many of them.I have doubt in my mind that there is any sharpener on this planet that would actually withstand classroom use . Therefore , I guess I am stuck buying a new one every year.At least getting a new one on amazon , I am getting a % 150.00 sharpener for $ 60.00 . Maybe the new one I chose will last more than four months .
 I am a teacher and need to sharpen a few hundred pencils every month . The Xacto is supposed to be able to do this . I do n't even let my students sharpen pencils anymore . I bring pencils home every week and sharpen them myself to make my sharpener last . After 2 months , this Xacto started sharpening unevenly regardless of the quality of pencil and then it started squealing and would n't sharpen very well . I bought this in Sept and by Dec it has totally stopped working . Warranty expired . Xacto in the trash . I 'm better off getting the $ 18 sharpener at Sam 's that lasts half a year . I paid $ 59 for the Xacto ! They do n't make an electric sharpener that will stand up to classroom use . I 've tried them all now .
 As a classroom teacher , I need a reliable , high-volume sharpener . I spend about $ 500 a year on supplies and really want to get value . I remember using the hand crank model in school as a kid and never having a problem , back when quality meant something.This X-Acto model is great -- from August to December . It then gradually gets worse and worse and finally gives up the ghost around spring break . Our team al had this sharpener . Every single one broke down . They are no good , period.X-Acto sells replacement blades , but they cost north of $ 20 -- with shipping , that 's nearly $ 75 annually for a shoddy sharpener.I now haunt garage and estate sales , looking for 30 - or 40-year old models . They outlive the X-Acto every time and provide a better point , besides .
 Got the sharpener right after Christmas . It did well for a couple of months in the classroom , then would n't sharpen anything , although it still turned . This was my second try . I wo n't invest in one again .
 The weekend before the first day of school I start to sharpen pencils for my students . I TRIED to sharpen about half a dozen and got disgusted because I could n't get one to sharpen so that wood was n't covering one side of the point . I ground them down to half their length to see if I could figure out why this particular brand does this . We bought a truck load of these for our school last year and Special Ed got one for each teacher . I trashed 2 of them within 2 weeks , 1 for for this same reason and the other because the motor quit . I do n't know what act of faith get me to buy another one , it wo n't happen again . The Bostwich I replaced it with works really , really well , including sharpening the pencils this one would n't .
 The X-Acto School Pro sharpener is expensive and the quality is sub-standard . This company should be ashamed of themselves for advertising this sharpener as a heavy duty machine for high usage in schools , when in fact , the quality is worse than hand held sharpeners . It should be recalled and removed from shelves and on-line purchasing .
 I am a teacher who spends a lot of time sharpening pencils everyday . I do n't let my students sharpen pencils because it is a time consuming disruption . I thought the `` School Pro Heavy Duty '' sharpener would be perfect , based on the words in the product 's name . Unfortunately , I went through two of these sharpeners in one school year . For my second purchase , because each unit cost me $ 50 at the time , I purchased a service agreement where I could replace the unit if it failed , free of charge . Well , that store went out of business . I now have two broken sharpeners sitting in my garage.I found it frustrating that despite the auto-stop function , pencils sharpened with fat points , which caused bulk and made it easy for the pencil leads to break off . I was constantly having to resharpen pencils because of this . And that was difficult too . Because the sharpener did not do a very good job of re-sharpening broken pencils . It took at least 2 tries . I was hoping that this kind of sharpener would just sharpen pencils ... thin enough to write with and not break off . For my students , thinner points are harder to break off than bulkier ones.My other frustration is that it did a bad job of sharpening color pencils . Again , it would sharpen fat points , creating more bulk and thus broken color pencil leads . Color pencils have a softer lead . If the sharpener can not handle these kinds of pencils , it should say so in its packaging/product description.Lead pencils and colored pencils are a mainstay in my elementary classroom . I lose my momentum in teaching when I have to spend time `` fixing '' the sharpener to sharpen broken pencils . A new school year is upon me , and I now have to research other brands to meet my needs . Bummer , because I have used other X-Acto brands for technical drawing purposes , and they have lasted me for years .
 I bought this exact sharpener three years ago for my classroom and it lasted three years before a student decided to sharpen a pen in it . I automatically decided to get the same sharpener despite the less-than-stellar reviews I 'd seen online , because I 've had great luck with it . When I received the sharpener , I plugged it in and started to sharpen a pencil and immediately noticed a huge difference . The new sharpener takes 5 minutes -LRB- yes , I timed it ! -RRB- to sharpen one pencil . This will NOT work in my classroom , so I 'm currently attempting to get my money back and looking for a new sharpener to invest in . I guess all those naysayers were right on the money !
 Our school bought lots of these , and like other reviewers explained , they all crapped out after just a little usage . the metal on metal `` sleeve bearing '' ends up vibrating -LRB- and making horrible noise -RRB- and ultimately rendering it useless . Why they have n't recalled this product is a mystery to me . Being a science teacher , I tried to take it apart and modify it to work , but it was not `` fixable '' -LRB- all the other teachers sent me theirs to fix too -RRB- . So it ended in frustration and a waste of money -LRB- and no sharpener -RRB- . My advise ? DO NOT BUY THIS .
 I bought this for my classroom and within a month it stopped working . To be honest with you , you can find a much cheaper sharpener for the same quality .
 I 'm a fourth grade teacher who spends a lot of time sharpening pencils for my students after school every day . I bought this sharpener , hoping it would last at least for one year . When I first used it , you can tell that the machine feels very delicate and cheap already but it did sharpen very sharp . It 's barely been about 3 weeks since I bought it and just yesterday , I was putting a pencil in and it just stopped sharpening . The machine was still on and working with the sounds noticeable but it just did n't sharpen the pencil anymore . I was so mad . I am also not into taking my time to write a review for any product but it was a waste of money so I wanted to get the word out . Do n't buy this cheap sharpener . It was about $ 85 at office depot but it 's not What u pay for . It 's a very cheap quality and wo n't last for not even a month . What a rip off !
 I was pleased teacher at the beginning of the year it sharpened the pencils neatly and work hard.However the months passed by and the sharpener begin to malfunction ; first it did n't sharpen as before and then it became slower and slower until it just did not do the work anymore.If you are a teacher and you are planning to buy this sharpener , have in mind that it would just last some months and the next year you would have to replace it
 Mine in the classroom did n't make it much past a year , and I would n't consider that it was used too much . Of course I like things to work and last , but I guess I learned that in this case I got exactly what I paid for.Junk .
 I used this pencil sharpener in my 5th grade cassroom . I never let my students use the sharpener and sharpened all the pencils myself since i had gone through several sharpeners in the past several years . i spent a great deal of my school budget on this item and by January it was no longer working . As a teacher i need reliable products -- this is advertised as classroom use but it did not live up to it 's promise . It would be great for someone that is not using it comstantly
 I wasted $ 40 on this sharpener . It worked for 2 months and I did n't allow students to use it . I sharpened all student pencils . I was also unable to get recourse on the 2 year warranty.I was very disappointed .
 I bought one of these for my 5th grade classroom . It worked for the first year because I sharpened all pencils and treated it with kid gloves . It worked , but the sharpening was not symmetrical and usually required another try because the lead was not exposed all round the pencil . At the beginning of the next year , I decided to allow the students to use it . Within a month , it no longer worked . Finding no suitable alternative , I purchased another . For three months , it performed as poorly as the first one originally had , then broke down completely . It does not live up to the manufacturer 's claims . In other words , look elsewhere for a good heavy-duty electric pencil sharpener .
 I bought this item a couple of years ago for my classroom . Only I , the teacher , was allowed to touch it , since it was so expensive . I was very persnickety about it , and never used it to sharpen pencils with plastic coatings . Despite my fanaticism and care , the sharpener only lasted about four months . The cheap -LRB- but loud -RRB- model I used before is still going strong . Do n't waste your money on this fancy but unreliable model .
 I was so happy when I got this pencil sharpener . I looked high and low for a sharpener with a quiet motor and high volume capacity . I did not want my classroom disturbed by the constant sound of the sharpener . When the sharpener arrived it was super quiet and sharpened well . That was three months ago . Three months of classroom use has turned this sharpener into a loud , slow operating sharpener . Depending on the pencil , some students have to stand and sharpen for over a MINUTE !! I have decided to purchase a cheaper electric and also purchase about ten of the cheap hand held plastic sharpeners . I would caution anyone considering dropping fifty dollars of their own money on this sharpener . I regret it .
 Rarely do I write reviews for products , but I wanted to make sure that all the other teachers out there steer clear of this sharpener . I am on X-acto School Pro Sharpener # 3 in three years , and it is the same story every year . Works great out of the box but after a few months -LRB- really ... months !?! -RRB- of everyday use it 's production starts to decline rapidly . The sharpener sharpens off-center and will often break the lead . This is not a good product and not worth the noise and headache it will cause in a classroom .
 My wife is a first grade teacher and we bought this sharpener because of the claim it is for teachers , and I respect the brand . HA !! Too funny . This sharpener is poorly designed with plastic gears at an angle that causes the shavings to get packed into them . That is why it sharpens off center all the time . It is always getting jammed . I have taken it apart several times to diagnose and repair it for my wife . Why do n't they make metal gears at a down angle from them ? We will be looking for a better sharpener !
 Our Montessori school bought 6 of these sharpeners last year and all but one are now not working . The one that is still working will only shut off when unplugged . There is nothing good I can say about these machines .
 I am a preschool teacher and we use the large beginner pencils which are hard to find a good sharpener for . I was hoping the reviews were wrong but within 2 weeks the sharpener started only sharpening one side and now it does a really bad job all around . Bummer .
 I 'm a teacher , so keep that in mind . I 've had a few of these , but all of them broke down after about 6 months . Tons of use though .
 I was given this pencil sharpener for my classroom . When I started using it at the beginning of the year , most all of the pencils were breaking as I sharpened them . The same thing was happening in all the other first grade classes -LRB- 4 -RRB- . We thought it was the pencils . We requested that parents send in more pencils of another brand . Then we realized that it was the pencil sharpener . I do not recommend this sharpener to anyone .
 I am a volunteer at a local elementary school . We offer to sharpen pencils for teachers and have the Hunt Corporation model 167X pencil sharpener -LRB- brand name Boston School Pro -RRB- to do the job . It does n't keep up with the job . After a while it overheats and shuts down . It often clogs with graphite and must be disassembled to remove the piece of graphite . Very inconvenient . Unfortunately we have n't found a better pencil sharpener at any price . Does any one know of a better one ?
 What a waste ... . The motor is easily overloaded with very slight pressure and often grabs hold of the pencil and starts it spinning , , -LRB- this is not for a youngster or classroom -RRB- , and finally and most importantly to me , it does not sharpen pencils evenly . The wood on one side of the pencil will be within a millimeter of the pencil point . The 6 hole gray wheel does not securely locate itself into place , this allows the pencil to wobble in place while being sharpened , hence the useless point . A complete waste of money in my opinion . It will be returned .
 My principal purchased one of these sharpeners for every classroom in our school last school year and quite of few of them -LRB- about 1/4 of the sharpeners -RRB- did not even make it through the entire school year . By the beginning of this school year about half of them had completely died . X-Acto was contacted and to date they have not replaced or repaired ANY of them . This sharpener is definitely a waste of money . I have decided to replace the sharpener in my room , but I WILL NOT purchase a sharpener made by X-Acto .
 I am an art teacher . I have had two of these and neither lasted longer than 3-4 months . I would not recommend it to anybody .
 I used this at home for my kids to sharpen graphite pencils -LRB- no color pencils -RRB- . After several months it does not sharpen well . The blade never cuts evenly all around . I regret buying this product . I have purchased xacto blades and cutters before , no problem . This product is a dud . So disappointed . I now have to find another sharpener . Should have read the reviews on this one first . My mistake . I will never buy xacto again ! No value for you money .
 I bought this in September of 2009 -- not from Amazon though . In January of 2010 , it suddenly quit working . I teach first grade and I do n't let my students use the pencil sharpener -- I sharpen their pencils for them . I would use it only 3 times a week . With that in mind , this pencil sharpener only had about 60 uses before it died . Furthermore , when in use , the pencil shavings would come out of the top of the cup , even though the cup was securely in place . It is this type of quality that makes my blood boil as I purchased this sharpener with my own money to make my job easier.December of 2010
 I used this for six days in my own office -LRB- one person use -RRB- . I most likely sharpened 10-15 pencils . Then it stopped working . When I insert a pencil , it would not turn on . Period.Now it is taking up space in a landfill where it belongs .
 Ca n't rate the quality yet . Even though I have done thorough research with all suppliers and on Elmers website , there was no indication that it only works with 120Volts and therefor would n't work in countries that use 220Volts or other . Now I 'll have to sort something to get a voltage converter/transformer to enable me to use it . Still packaged , warranty card completed and ready to post.Reply from Elmers after I have sent them an email regarding no indication of voltage on website : This is unfortunate . We have requested Amazon put a notation on the page that outlines this product . I suggest you ask Amazon for some type of resolution outside of the normal return policy with an explanation of the electrical challenge.RegardsPaulX-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric Sharpener -LRB- 1670 -RRB-
 Works great for regular pencils but colored pencils destroyed it ... less than 1 year old . Tried to clean blades but does not help . Use for regular pencils only , get something else for colored pencils .
 I purchased this item a little over a year ago . I thought I was purchasing a nice heavy duty pencil sharpener . I was wrong ... It always left a wooden wedge at the end of the pencil which I had to scrape off with my nail . Extremely annoying .
 The plastic basket which `` catches '' the pencil shavings has a safety mechanism to prevent the sharpener from operating without the basket.WHEN -LRB- not if -RRB- the cheap plastic basket breaks , the sharpener is unusable . And x-acto sells only replacement cutters , not baskets !! I 'm returning to an old-fashioned hand-powered sharpener in my classroom .
 I have been through three of these now and I am completely done . The only reason I got the last one was because the store offered a replacement insurance for an extra five bucks . When the sharpener wore out after 3 months , the store said the manufacturer 's warranty -LRB- 2 year -RRB- took precedence . Their process of replacement is not worth the time , and do I really want another one anyway ??? My first grade teaching partner has had the exact same experience with these . We sharpen a lot of pencils every day in first grade , and these do n't last .
 I have bought two of these for my classroom in the past 2 years . They break , they chew through pencils -LRB- esp the office max/office depot kind , which are cheapest , we know ! -RRB- , and they do n't stop when the pencil is sharp , so kids just keep jamming the pencils in ! The multiple holes for different sizes seemed nice , but kids turn it and then try to sharpen a standards size pencil with the largest hole and end up breaking chunks of pencil off in the grinder . Plus , the standard size office max/office depot brand pencils do n't fit very well in the hole that 's marked `` Standard . `` It 's expensive and you 'll have to get a new one every year . Teachers , do n't get this one !
 If teachers created this they did a very poor job . I bought this pencil sharpener and it did not make it through the school year . As my son would say , `` this is an expensive piece of trash . '' I am wery disappointed .
 Had this unit in classroom and could not put up with the noise . Upgraded to a Bostitch and it 's much quieter and faster . To be fair , I thought the speed was OK until using it side by side with the Bostitch . Our school also has gone through many of these , so we are upgrading all of ours to Bostitch .
 Writing this in May 2010 . We had this sharpener about 3-5 years ago . We liked this because it sharpens the large primary school pencils . But it gave out before the school year was over . Upon opening it up to see inside revealed a broken spring which engages and disengages the on / off switch . It broke while still under warranty and Xacto had no replacement parts . The option is to get a new sharpener replacement . In fairness they did replace the entire unit as it is not repairable.Fast forward a few years . Another elementary teacher with a different Xacto electric model sharpener had her 's fail within the first months of use and Staples , where it was bought , had her get in touch with the Xacto company . Xacto referred her to another vender . Too bad a useful idea that fills the needs of an elementary school classroom but it does n't last long enough to be worth the money spent on it.We are currently using a mechanical pencil sharpener Xacto Boston Ranger 55 Wall Mount Pencil Sharpener . It is difficult to wall mount , requiring some disassembly and sharpening pencils tires and hurts the fingers gripping the cranking handle . Adults and especially eight year old classroom monitors are especially vulnerable to hurting fingers when sharpening a classroom of pencils .
 I bought this 2 years ago for my classroom after having bought the Boston electric sharpener and finding it mediocre . This has a large shavings receptacle , several hole-size options , comes from a reputable company , and was labeled `` School Pro '' so I thought it would be great ... WRONG.It is a flimsy piece of junk , began working sporadically less than a year into ownership and now does not work at all except to make a loud humming noise . So I 'm out $ 40 and will be purchasing a Panasonic , like the one I 've had at home for 20 years that still sharpens perfectly , quietly , and efficiently ... duh , why did n't I just buy a Panasonic in the first place ?!
 I 've owned two of these for my seventh grade classroom . The first one became completely dull after about 6 months of use . With the second one , students were complaining that it was n't sharpening -- on the FIRST DAY I had it in my classroom ! This is NOT a `` heavy-duty '' sharpener as advertised -LRB- although it DOES make a heavy-duty noise -RRB- . I will try something else for my third sharpener .
 I am on my third sharpener . I returned 2 after each failed after just a few months . The third one is now junk . The plastic gears can not hold up to classroom use , and the blades go dull very fast . BUY ANOTHER BRAND OF SHARPENER
 I have owned 3 of these units in 4 years . I teach school and I 've been disappointed by this product . They keep burning out on me and my students . I would not waste my money .
 I was tired of having my students sharpen with the little handhelp sharpeners , so I spent my own money to buy this for my classroom . What a waste . It half-worked for about 2 months , then it simply stopped sharpening pencils altogether . The motor runs fine , but it seems like I ca n't push the pencil in far enough to have it sharpen . I have cleaned it many times trying to discover if there 's something stuck inside , but no . It 's free of obstructions . It just does n't work.So ... we 're back to the little handheld sharpeners , except I 'm poorer.Teachers , save your money .
 I am in the design field , using color pencils a lot . I noticed this well advertised sharpener and it seemed like a nice piece in the pictures on-line . The unit I got is made by X-Acto and has 5 pencil size options and a nice big bin for shavings.So I bought one to replace my cheap 20 year old sharpener , which cost $ 18 - twenty years ago.The large bin is nice . But I do have major problems with this unit .1 -RRB- Stub results . The angle of sharpening is not sharp enough . A large cutting angle means you have to sharpen more often and have less freedom with drawing with your pencil -LRB- sideways -RRB- . Anybody that claims that a fatter sharpening angle is less dangerous for kids is really not telling the truth , a sharpened pencil is a sharpened pencil . There is no excuse to have such a poor angle , perhaps the mechanism is n't that good a quality . Anyway , trying to draw expressively with stubs is annoying and interrupts the creative process .2 -RRB- The pencils never seem to hit right on center , leaving this annoying off-centered wedge down the exposed sharpened graphite point . I have to shove the pencil in at a some angle to try and get it to sharpen on center . Never works right . The wood wedge down the graphite also means more frequent sharpening and interferes with the creative process .3 -RRB- My inexpensive 20 year old sharpener is more powerful than this X-Acto sharpener . It sharpens faster and has a narrower sharpening angle.Conclusion ? I do n't recommend this piece , it is well below mediocre , in fact I would call it substandard . I 'm giving my unit to the kids as I ca n't return a dirty used piece .
 Only buy this pencil sharpener if you want to replace it each year . The sharpener worked very well until the end of the school year and then the blades became dull and would not sharpen the pencils . Hunt Company replaced the blades under warranty . Now that the warranty has expired , they refuse to replace the blades and wo n't sell the blade replacements . What a shame that electric pencil sharpeners are supposed to be disposable !
 I have gone through three School-Pro Sharpeners in four years . When it works , this sharpener is wonderful . It accomodates several different pencil sizes , has a huge shavings receptacle and runs quietly . My first sharpener lasted through two school years . The second one lasted about a year and a half . The company replaced it for free after I complained . The replacement lasted only a few months . They all had the same problem . When a pencil was inserted the the blades would spin , but they did n't sharpen . I think there was a problem with the automatic pencil stop feature . If the company would address this design flaw , I would consider buying another School-Pro .
 Every teacher at our school got one of these at the beginning of the year . NONE of them made it through March . The internal gears are made of cheap plastic that quickly wear out . While the cutters no longer turn , the units do squeal quite nicely ! One star becuase it 's the minimum available !
 While it worked , this was a great sharpener . The problem is that it only worked for three months . RIP OFF ! Do n't advertise that it 's for school use unless it will last at least one school year . I have a much lower quality model that is going on its third year in my classroom , and it advertises for office use . The jokes on me !
 I 'm a middle school teacher and bought two of these on the advice of a colleague . Both broke down before the end of the year . So did the two my colleague bought . It turned out she had n't used one before but was taken by the imposing hero shot of the sharpener.The company was completely unresponsive to the several phone messages I left.A hand sharpener works better in the long run . Do n't waste your money .
 My second School Pro just burned out . That 's two in 16 months . They wo n't get anymore of my money . Yes , it is a great sharpener when you get it , sharpens quickly and quietly . One day it just does n't work . Typical quality , sadly ; in this day and age . My search continues for a good , quiet , strong , RELIABLE sharpener . My Panasonic has been going for four years , but when it 's tired , it just quits . It gets tired after about four student pencils . If you know students , you know this can be 15 minutes of what they call `` sharpening '' . I need a sharpener that 's smarter than a fifth-grader !
 My 6th sharpener of this model in 3 years completely broke down Friday . I am searching for a better one . Initially the sharpener worked well , but after a month of use it became more noisy and chewed up pencils , especially brand new pencils . This was not a good option for us . If you sharpen few pencils this may work well for you .
 I have had 2 of these for 3 years . they BREAK pencil leads . My students have to go back and try again at least 50 % of the time .
 Bought this less than a year ago and it broke down . Used it at home for my two kids who used it for doing their homework . Disappointing . Definitely not heavy duty .
 I got this sharpener for my elementary students to use . I have designated responsible students as `` The Pencil Sharpeners . '' Sadly enough within 2 months , these students would start with this electric sharpener and then move to the old fashioned crank model . They got tired of struggling to get a point on pencils with this 2 month old DULL electric sharpener . Sadly I have to admit that I bought one of these sharpeners once before , and it quickly wore out . Why did I buy it again ? I 'm a lowly paid teacher who ca n't afford to personally shell out $ 50 for worthless pencil sharpeners . Something tells me from the ratings that X-Acto knows they are ripping teachers off !
 It will work for a year then you will need to replace it . I only buy X-Acto sharpeners for my classroom , but this is n't one of them . The X-Acto Pro is the best . I think the LED light for the kids is what will keep it lasting .
 The ink is probably 1/3 full , and the highlighter lasts only a week . The construction of the pen is very good , maybe too good , which makes it even more a waste of money .
 Found an old accent liquid highlighter in my drawer at work and instantly fell in love . That was apparently before Sharpie acquired the company that used to make the accent , because the only option now is this skinny version with a fine point tip that bleeds through pages very easily . The one I found was fatter , with a softer tip that laid down smooth highlighting that did not bleed through . Wish I could find more of the old version .
 This is a highlighter that has a liquid reservoir , a distinct improvement over ones that utilize a wick type arrangement . While it marks well enough , the liquid drains out quickly , about three times as fast as competitive reservoir markers . Given its high price , you 're going to spend a lot for a little.A better -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- highlighter , if you can find it , is the Binney & Smith inkTank Desk Highlighter Chisel Tip .
 I do n't do a lot of highlighting . I use them for marking professional publications and personal books . It is true that the ink does not leak through the page . That 's the only good think about this product . What you ca n't tell by looking at them is that each highlighter has only a very small amount of ink - just as much as you can see in the clear part of the barrel . The last one I used lasted less than a week ! Unless you have money to throw away , I do n't recommend this product .
 I bought these because I thought they would last . I was excited at first because they worked well , leaving very bright ink on the page . However , as other reviewers point out , the ink just runs out much too quickly ! Each barrel comes about half-filled too . You can see on the packaging where the black `` Sharpie '' logo comes done to meet the yellow ink . This is the point where they are filled to . Disappointing .
 I ordered these from Amazon themselves , sent me a box -LRB- all torn open -RRB- that were a totally different cheapo brand called Berol . Not the EF 's I ordered . They are horrible . Ugly color . Perhaps if I have gotten the corect EF highlighters I would have liked them .
 Med student here . We take our highlighters seriously . I had these highlighters before and they were fine - dried reasonably fast and did n't bleed . I ordered a new pack and these ones bleed all over the place . One of them was even literally dripping highlighter fluid off the tip . Unacceptable .
 Do not buy this . Maybe I misread the product description , but $ 19.10 for two packs of five highlighters is ridiculous . You can get the same thing for about $ 8.00 in another sale . DO NOT BUY THIS .
 Brand new batteries could n't give it enough juice to sharpen a pencil.Don ' t waste your $
 Unit failed within 2 weeks . Unit keeps running when no pencil is inserted . Tried my best to get it working again but problem continued . Also , when it was working , the unit would spin on table unless you held it down . Underpowered and not worth the money at any price . So frustrating I tossed it in the trash instead of returning it ! Stay away from this brand ... I bought another unit from Office Depot -- not an X-Acto of course , and it works GREAT ! Suggest others do the same and avoid the X-Acto pencil sharpeners .
 I had a lot of pencils to sharpen and thought this would do the trick . I expect it takes 15 mon a pencil . I went and got a Boston Xacto plug in which is very speedy .
 We chose this sharpener because we thought it could handle the pencils of five kids , and for about a year it was mostly fine . It choked on those annoying plastic-covered pencils , so we taught the kids to remove the plastic before sharpening . It sharpened unevenly after the first month or two . It got slower and louder gradually until it finally just stopped spinning entirely . Exploratory disassembly showed no obvious problems , so probably the motor failed . To the dump it goes , and we 'll have to find something new that teachers rate well . Maybe we 'll just go back to the manual sharpeners ...
 For the first 3 weeks this sharpener is wonderful but then ... . this goes downhill really fast . To think I wasted money on two of these before realizing it was such a systemic problem . Stay away .
 Is it no longer possible to find a good electric pencil sharpener ? I 'm starting to think so . After buying and discarding several , I bought this `` heavy-duty sharpener '' , but it 's a piece of junk just like the others I 've bought recently . The sharpening mechanism is way off-center . You can grind up the whole pencil and never get a good point . Every pencil comes out with a heavy slab of wood on one side , making it necessary to finish the job with a knife . Based on my experience , this product is good for nothing other than grinding pencils into sawdust .
 This product is complete JUNK . It should be banned . Negative comments abound here , but there are so few electrics anymore people are desparate . Internal gears are VERY FLIMSY PLASTIC that destroy each other . I took mine apart when it died and the problem is obvious
 Home use with one child in 3rd grade . Maybe one or two pencils a week ? Broke after about 6 months ... have n't been able to find parts to replace the plastic part that broke during regular use .
 I used this pencil sharpener in my classroom , roughly about 65 kids use it throughout the day . It was good for about 4 months . It was quick and sharp . After that , it started sharpening one side of the pencil . Funny thing is that it only did it on certain pencils . Certain Staples and Office Depot brand pencils do n't work that well with this . Others work fine , very tempramental machine . I had another Exacto that I bought before this one that still works fine . This one now works when it feels like it . May need a new blade but I just got whole new sharpener . Slightly dissappointing for an Exacto .
 I am a third grade teacher and purchased this because it claimed that it can handle heavy duty sharpening . It worked for a month and then started sharpening all of the pencils at a weird angle , only sharpening one side of the pencil . It would n't even sharpen new pencils . Disappointment .
 This item was the only pencil sharpener available through our school warehouse . Each time it was ordered , within a few months it no longer worked . Very disappointed ! The company should discontinue this item !!!
 Another teacher still looking for a pencil sharpener that will last more than a couple of months . This ai n't it either .
 Like many other purchasers , I am a teacher . I bought this for my classroom . It died after 3 months . My husband dissected it and discovered a piece is missing - and one of the gears is PLASTIC , so it was guaranteed to fail . I 'm just ticked that I get $ 2/per child for art supplies for the whole year and this took up the allocation for 16 students .
 This was used in a classroom and used only 5 months when the plastic drive shaft broke and could not be repaired . It worked OK while it was working , but died an early death .
 Even though this product was called `` heavy use '' , it broke after 3 months of 1 person use . Motor died . I went to website and there is no warranty for this product . rip-off !
 I 'm a Math teacher . Had this for about 4-5 months and the motor died suddenly . We averaged about 5-8 pencils a day . If this is heavy duty , it should have been able to take on the job . Total waste of my own money .
 Powerhouse this ai n't . It jammed often , and the motor died after 4 months for no good reason . Do n't waste your money . I 'm going to go buy as old-fashioned a manual crank pencil sharpener as I can ... from back when they knew how to make them .
 I received this pencil sharpener as a gift . I am a sixth grade teacher , so pencil sharpening requires something that will do the job on a daily basis . This sharpener did not last half of the year ; I was very disappointed . It seems to have a mind of its own ... sharpens when it pleases . Sorry , that 's not what I needed . When it does sharpens , you would n't necessarily call it sharp .
 i bought this sharpener for my classroom 2 months ago . after the first month it started `` knocking '' around as if it was off balanced . I took it apart and cleaned it out . It kept knocking . It only sharpens one side of the pencil so all pencils are lop-sided . The sharpener literally rocks when you use it . Today I had it . I took the thing home and took it apart . I cleaned every single part of it . I put it back together and the knocking and rocking continues . I 'm so annoyed . My co-teacher has a Panasonic KP-310 . AWESOME sharpener . I 'd go with that one . I 'm calling the manufacturer tomorrow to see if they 'll replace this one . They say there is a 2 year warranty .
 I bought this sharpener at the local Staples store and it only lasted about a month . I only have 2 kids and so we did n't even use it that much . Staples would n't take it back because it was used ... so now I 'm out the $ 25 + that I paid for it . I would n't suggest purchasing this product at all unless you have money you just want to throw in the trash .
 I 'm just adding to the other reviews ... I also had this sharpener , and it broke after about 7 months use .19 Aug 2009 UPDATE
 Cheap junk . Driveshaft broke after a couple months of moderate use and is not repairable . Two e-mails regarding warranty to X-acto with no reply . Do n't waste your money .
 You will grind your pencil down to the eraser before you get any sort of an even point . One side of the point will be all lead , and the other side will be mostly wood -- that is , half of the point actually has lead . I 've tried twirling the pencil to try and get an even point , but that does n't work . Do NOT buy this piece of junk .
 this is the 2nd one that my wife purchased - they have not lasted more than a month before making loud grinding noises -LRB- my wife teaches K-garden . She watches her kidds closely around the sharpener to ensure there is no abuse .
 Like many reviewers of this product , I am also a teacher . The sharpener in my classroom is only used a few times a day -LRB- probably about 3 to 4 -RRB- . This sharpener worked fine for about 3 months , but now sounds like a scraping metal and sharpens crooked . It is completely worthless .
 Yep ! Should 've listened to what the others wrote in their reviews . I said , `` no , I saw this sharpener in my son 's classroom and it worked amazing ! These people must have gotten lemons . '' Well , I must have gotten a lemon too . The sharpener worked great for 2 months . Now when I try to sharpen a pencil , the sharpener sounds like a goose with her foot trapped in a snare !!!! What a piece of Chinese crap ! IF YOU WANT A SHARPENER THAT WILL LAST FOR MORE THAN 2 MONTHS , DO NOT BUY THIS SHARPENER !!!
 I 've had this sharpener for a week and a half and at first it sharpened great ... now it is already broken . I barely used it . I tried to take it apart and see if something was stuck and preventing it from working ... and it was cleared out . . still does not sharpen at all.Very disappointing .
 First graders can go through a lot of pencils . I sharpened about 10 pencils a day , sometimes more . It lasted one school year . It completely quit working the first week of the new school year and no supply money to purchase another . :-LRB- I have yet to find one that will work more than one school year however , even with me being the only one allowed to sharpen pencils with it .
 I inherited this pencil sharpener from another teacher . I initially found it to be great . Certainly much better than the other electric pencil sharpener that many other teachers at my school have . But it stopped working recently . I thought it was jammed so I brought it home in order to take it apart and fix it . What I found was the central part that rotates was broken . Why ? Because it is made of plastic . Several other internal parts are plastic as well . This machine is designed to break . It lasted for one school year , which is pretty good for a relatively cheap sharpener . But after 5 years you will wish you had spent at least $ 100 and purchased one that was built to last .
 My teens both take advanced or AP classes and burn through a lot of pencils during a school year . Last year -LRB- August 29 , 2010 -RRB- I purchased the X-Acto Powerhouse Electric Pencil Sharpener based on the manufacturer claims that this model is built for heavy use . It worked beautifully up until March and then it started sharpening pencils unevenly . It sharpens half but leaves some wood on the other half so you ca n't write without using a fingernail to try to pry away the wooden portion.Our first thought was that the pack of pencils we 'd purchased had a pencil lead that was n't centered , so I went out and bought a bunch pencils from different manufacturers to test it out and every pencil sharpened unevenly , so I know it 's not the pencils . I ended up picking up a little hand-operated , pencil box sharpener from Staples that cost under $ 2 . It sharpened all the pencils the X-Acto sharpener could n't handle . That 's solid proof to me that it was never the pencils.I contacted X-Acto to see if there is a way to adjust the blades to get them centered again . Their response is that the blades just need cleaning . Tried that and it did n't help.There is a 2-year warranty apparently , but only if you have the original receipt . I sent the receipt in for a rebate that was being offered in August/September 2010 that required the UPC and original receipt . Therefore , I 'm out of luck.My last electric pencil sharpener was Staples brand and lasted six years . I 'm disappointed that X-Acto/Elmer products could n't hold up to their promises .
 X-Acto Powerhouse Electric Pencil SharpenerPros : - Good looking for a power sharpener - Not overly big - Tough , with a lot of use by kids still going strong after over a yearCons : - Super loud compared to several other quieter pencil sharpeners - Receptacle fairly small . Unless you like wood shavings spills , when it gets full , bring sharpener to basket to clean out . - No strong hint that it is done sharpening like I 've felt in some other sharpeners .
 I had received my first sharpener from DickBlick art supplies for my art class room and was thrilled . The first day , it sharpened everything to a sharp , centered point . Literally three days later , the motor seized up and ceased to do anything but make noise.I attempted to fix it following the instructions for removing blockages on X-Acto 's website , but the inside was pristine and undamaged , and I could not find any blockages.DickBlick happily sent a free replacement . I was particularly careful with this one , making sure that only writing pencils were used in it . Two weeks later , the same problem occurred . Again the motor seized up , the insides were pristine and unblocked , and I was left frustrated.Normally , X-Acto is a reliable company , but I will never , ever buy this sharpener again and I highly recommend avoiding it at all costs .
 I ordered this sharpener for my middle school choir classroom . It worked great ... for about 3 days . Then it broke . I assumed it was a fluke or not used properly , so I returned it and ordered the same one as a replacement . The second one made it 2 days and it was used carefully . I do n't have time to continue trying these out so I sent it back for a refund and had the old-fashioned crank one put in my classroom . It works great .
 I ama kindergarten teacher and bought this for my classroom . I am the only one who sharpens pencils in my classroom . I thought it would be good and last a long time . After 2 months of usage it only sharpend one side of a pencil so you have to twist the pencil while sharpening then after 4 months of use it has started getting louder . I am very unhappy with this product .
 I am a 1st grade teacher . I bought this sharpener from Amazon in August this year . I was so excited . I had one exactly like it the year before and it was wonderful ! By the end of the year , my 1st one started making a knocking noise and did not sharpen or only sharpened on one side . Hey , a year in 1st grade , that 's great ! We sharpen a lot of pencils . I had purchased my 1st one at a discount store . When I went to purchase another , they no longer carried it . You can imagine my excitement when I found it on Amazon ! I quickly purchased it and put it in my classroom . By the end of September this sharpener was making that same knocking noise as my first one did after a year of use ! I only sharpen the pencils in my room , and I only do # 2 wooden pencils . I even purchased one for my teaching friend . Hers died in October . Needless to say ... super disappointed in this sharpener ! I did not have my packing slip so I felt like I could not contact Amazon or do anything about it ! : -LRB-
 I 'm an art teacher and our school purchased these sharpeners for us at the beginning of the year . Very poor quality . It worked well for about a month ; it then began to get really loud and fail to sharpen the pencils . Also , I do n't let the kids use my electric sharpener , so I do n't believe this was from over use or user error . Just a poor quality sharpener , not worth the money .
 I 've read the other 1-star reviews and I 'm submitting this to add some visibility on the home use case . I got this for my family because I did n't want to clamp an old-fashioned hand-crank pencil sharpener to any of my nice furniture , or drill more holes in the wall . Unfortunately , it failed after only a few years of very moderate home use . I took it apart and discovered the motor has cheap plastic bearings . Once the rotor started bouncing against the stator , it was n't long before the slip exceeded the ability to generate torque .
 I bought this just a few months ago and it has already gone kaput . It was great while it worked . Super-quick motor sharpened the pencil in seconds to a point so sharp , you could use it as a deadly weapon . Now all it does is buzz . The motor no longer runs . I do n't know about you , but at 30 bucks this is one expensive pencil sharpener that should last at least a year . I have owned two electric pencil sharpeners in the past three years , both of which have died after regular use . I think I 'll go back to the hand-crank types .
 I am a third grade teacher and splurged with my own money on the X-Acto 1792 Powerhouse Pencil Sharpener because it specifically said it would withstand heavy use . This sharpener worked like a dream for 6 months , and then started making a screeching noise when we tried to sharpen pencils , and now it wo n't work at all . I have tried contacting X-Acto through email and phone trying to get my sharpener fixed or replaced , but have had no luck yet . I do n't know if the situation will be resolved , but I 'm not happy . Oh yeah , and do n't even bother going with the School Pro . That thing broke after a couple of months . Do n't pencil sharpener people know kids need to sharpen pencils every day at school ?
 After only a couple of months this stopped working . It still spins but just chops the pencils up . I went with this model thinking I would have a sharpener that lasted . So disappointed .
 I really like these highlighters and I ordered a box in every color , but this box of Orange highlighters contained 12 highlighters all of which are partially dried out . I did n't bother returning them because they are so cheap and they still work but the color is off and they run out incredibly faster than the other colors so it 's disappointing .
 These highlighters bleed right through the page . The square tip makes it hard to highlight precisely . They are more like coloring markers than highlighters . I really do n't like these highlighters .
 Do n't bother with this pencil sharpener . It does n't sharpen evenly -LRB- i.e. half the circumference of the sharpened graphite will still be covered by wood -RRB- and there 's no auto-stop feature , despite what other reviewers may say . This thing will definitely eat pencils until they are gone.I could n't even get a good sharp point on pencils most of the time ; usually the very tip is broken and squared off.The 10-year warranty is great but I ca n't imagine ten years of crummy pencils . I 'll probably switch back to Panasonic .
 I am a first-grade teacher , and choose to sharpen student pencils to save time . I am having problems with this sharpener . It seems to bind up and stop sharpening unless I have the pencil in just the right place . It started out working well , but it has n't lasted . I have had it just over 6 weeks . I thought this one was supposed to be the best .
 I am an 4th grade teacher and this sharpener is the worst one i have ever used . It makes a terribly loud horrible noise , it breaks all of my pencil 's tips and above all , it barely sharpens anything !! I am going out of my mind and wish I could find a good one .
 This is my 2nd electric sharpener this year . Both of them have been X-Acto which is a name I have trusted in cutting blades , but the electric sharpeners are n't good quality . This specific model worked fine for a month and now it stops and starts while sharpening if it works at all . I have taken it apart and there is nothing trapped in the blades - it 's just a poor quality machine .
 This pencil sharpener was FABULOUS when I first got it . After a short while , maybe a month , it only worked properly with `` good '' pencils -LRB- i.e. Ticonderoga . It did NOT sharpen those gummy pretty pencils , nor office depot / office max pencils -RRB- . Now it rarely works at all . Admittedly , I use a pencil sharpener a lot . I am a teacher and this is my 5th electric sharpener in two years .
 We purchased this product for use in an industrial setting . Worked well for a coupleof weeks then started to sharpen off center and now chews up the pencils . Not recommendedfor regular usage .
 Warning - Do Not Waste Your Money . We purchased this in January 2006 . It 's now May 2006 and the thing is WORTHLESS . Fortunately this item came from Staples and they are going to give me full credit for an exchange with another -LRB- different -RRB- pencil sharpener .
 This pencil sharpener does not have a reliable auto-stop feature like most electric sharpeners . The pencils come out bizarrely sharp and pointy , which causes the lead to break immediately . It also does not sharpen evenly , so part of the wood is at the tip along with the lead . Also , the sharpener jams a lot . I HATE this pencil sharpener . I really should send it back .
 I wanted a sharpener that had two cutting discs . The single disc leaves the back side of the pencil with wood on the back half . This caused me to sharpen the pencil more ofter . I purchased the 2 disc sharpener by X-ACTO and there is a world of difference . The X_ACTO 1031 is the best .
 I ordered this product from Buy.com via Amazon , because the ad had it labeled as a Hunt product , and said nothing about X-Acto . This was after reading the Amazon reviews , of which several said the similar product by X-Acto was inferior , but sharpener by Hunt was good . However , they sent me the X-Acto product called the XLR , # 1818 . Notice that the picture of the product does n't say X-Acto on the front , but the real thing they send you does . So both Amazon and Buy.com are selling the same product , but Buy.com 's is deceptively labelled as Hunt . And the product box also says `` by Boston '' , but the bottom says distributed by Elmer 's Products , Made in China . What nonsense ! I 'm going to give the product a try , but am not pleased with how it 's handled .
 The colors are different from the package in the picture ! It is actually only 1 yellow , green , red , orange , pink , & blue . I specifically bought this pack because I use yellow more often than darker colors & I was very disappointed when it came in . The product specifications say `` assorted colors . '' I do n't know if it is my fault for assuming the picture represented the actual product but I am definitely not satisfied with this purchase .
 I print my reading double sided but when I use these highlighters it bleeds through to the other side . I do n't use them anymore .
 Unfortunatly these highlighters bleed through most paper ... . highlighting lines on both sides . This is not good and makes them unuseable for my purposes . This is common among highlighters , I 've been looking for one that does n't blead for quite a while . So far the best alternative I 've found is good old Crayola washable kids markers .
 I bought a dozen of these highlighters from Seller `` The Mega Deals `` I paid HALF the retail price for these , around $ 6.50 for 12 highlightersWell , they 're mostly dried out and hardly highlight at all ... so Buyer beware.Getting the highlighters from this Seller is a complete waste of your money
 This guy is right ... Now that a hunert and sixty buck textbook is made out of paper a little thicker than Charmin ' you really need the highlighter quality of the good old days . The Bible thumper style dry markers are not bad , but they are hard to keep sharp and besides , when you whip one of them out at Dunkin' or Starebucks somebody comes over and invites you to Church . On Tuesday ... You can find some of the better , older 25005 style Sharpie Accent highlighters at nearly bankrupted office supply houses in boxes of a dozen . Make sure they are not dried out before you get stuck . People who get most of their information from telebision and yahoo! news don ' t highlight anyway , so Sanford could care less about this problem .
 Okay , I 'm a bit in rant mode here . I 'm not even sure what the old style tip was called - the blunt , flat but cut-on-an-angle Sharpie Highlighters . About a year ago -LRB- or so -RRB- they switched over to a chisel tip and IMO this was a disastrous move -LRB- I take my highlighting seriously -RRB- . I can not find the old style tips anywhere ! The problem with the chisel tips is that you can not get a strong , thick , consistent line of ink across a whole line . So you have to go back and re-do it . Sometimes again - just to get a neat line . Now that bookmakers are cheaping out on paper -LRB- even hardcovers -RRB- , this means there 's bleed through to the other side of the page.Sharpie - please bring back the old style tips ! At least make them available .
 These markers are WAY darker than the ones I usually get , in fact you could almost use them to redact text and keep anyone from reading it . Maybe they 're ancient and gone bad or something , but even the outer shell is much darker . Avoid these like the plague and stick to the light yellow ones you grab at WalMart even though this looks like a good price . It 's a total waste of my money and I 'll never buy another one I do n't get locally so returning a dark one is n't a hassle . Could it be a vendor who is unloading old stock ? Dunno , just do n't waste your money buying em ' .
 The color of the pens is better than ever so the product I can highly recommendBUT THE SHIPPING IS THE WORST.It arrived poorly packed in a thin box with half a dozen pens broken.Smashed and useless .
 BELIEVE ME , THESE HIGHLIGHTERS HAVE NO COLOR WHATSOEVER-A TOTAL GIMIC.PLEASE DO NOT WASTE TIME AND MONEY PURCHASING SUCH WORTHLESS HIGHLIGHTERS.I WILL BE RETURNING THEM ASAP .
 Okay , I 'm a bit in rant mode here . I 'm not even sure what the old style tip was called - the blunt , flat but cut-on-an-angle Sharpie Highlighters . About a year ago -LRB- or so -RRB- they switched over to a chisel tip and IMO this was a disastrous move -LRB- I take my highlighting seriously -RRB- . I can not find the old style tips anywhere ! The problem with the chisel tips is that you can not get a strong , thick , consistent line of ink across a whole line . So you have to go back and re-do it . Sometimes again - just to get a neat line . Now that bookmakers are cheaping out on paper -LRB- even hardcovers -RRB- , this means there 's bleed through to the other side of the page.Sharpie - please bring back the old style tips ! At least make them available .
 I have some other sharpie highlighters that I love -LRB- these ones : Sharpie Accent Tank-Style Highlighters , 4 Fluorescent Yellow Highlighters -LRB- 25164PP -RRB- -RRB- , and I wish I had just bought more of those . I 've been very disappointed with these highlighters . They are a very orange-y yellow , and not the traditional pure , bright yellow that I expect from a yellow highlighter . Also , they make the page really wet . Maybe the ink does n't dry as fast , or it comes out more heavily , or something . I 'm not sure what it is , but pages with heavy highlighting from these pens look wrinkled -- almost water damaged . I would not buy these again .
 I ordered a box of these from Amazon . These are dull pink , not Fluorescent at all . VERY DISPLEASED with this product .
 These used to work great on textbooks , for highlighting a whole row of text -LRB- not just underline , but solidly through the text -RRB- . But after the chisel tip , it is too wide to highlight a row of text . Using the side of the tip , then it is too thin . The old style of these highlighters did n't have the chisel tip , and the side of the tip is just perfect for textbooks . Now I have to use the pen-style liquid accent highlighters -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , and they run out very quickly , and they cost one dollar each , instead of 59 or 69 cents big ones which could last several time longer than the pen-style ones .
 When Amazon and Sharpie say these are Fluorescent Green they are seriously misleading you . I gave it a 1-star because it was at least green.I know what fluorescent green looks like ; I 've used them for years to highlight my programs , but despite the labeling , they are just plain simple green ... no bright , neon , leaps out at you green . And they are so dark they interfer with the underlieing text.First the marker makers stopped making true fluorescent ORANGE , a really useful marker , replacing it with something more a `` dull pumpkin '' , now the fluorescent GREEN is going too ?? BOO !! I 'll be asking for a refund on these for sure .
 I thought I would get a deal getting cheaper highlighters from amazon , but they dried out really fast . Significantly faster than any other highlighter pack I 've ever purchased at a store .
 They only last for about 2 months . The big black print on the highlighter is designed specifically to hide an empty chamber . Its like a bag of potato chips , the packaging can fit three times the amount of liquid in there .
 They are good highlighters but they only last like one or two chapters of highlighting . For almost a dollar a piece I 'd like the highlighters to work for more than 40 pages .
 The first time I bought liquid highlighters I was in college and was afraid to spend my money on them , but took a chance . I LOVED them ! They were uni-Blazers by EF and , unfortunately , they are n't made any more -LRB- not that I can find anyway -RRB- . I bought them in 1994 and still use them now in 2010 ! The ink never dried out . Admittedly , I did n't use them consistently all those years , but I did use them quite a bit when I did . The point is -- just because it 's a liquid highlighter does n't mean it has to dry out or run out quickly ! ... unlike these Sharpie Accents . I bought this pack because I really liked the other liquid ones and thought these looked nice . Unfortunately , I 've been using the yellow one for only two weeks and the ink is half gone !! I thought perhaps the other reviewers were leaving the caps off while they read , but no , I faithfully put the cap back on immediately each time.The other thing I really , really dislike about these is that when I use an index card to keep my underlining straight and then move the index card down a line it smears the ink ! No other highlighters I 've ever used have done this . This does n't dry as fast as others do . It seems these put too much ink on the page , even thought they do n't bleed through much -- they do a little . I tried the other colors and they all behaved the same way.Also , the cap is really hard to get on and off . There is a little plastic area in the cap that uses a spring to create a seal on the top of the marker . I 'm guessing it 's to keep it from drying out . But it makes it hard to get on and off , which makes it quite annoying to put the cap back on every time you use it.These highlighters are very bright . You probably wo n't overlook a highlighted portion of text on a page . Sometimes , I feel it is too bright , but that 's just a personal preference . If you like a very bright marker and do n't mind it running out really quickly , these might be ok for you . They do look nice and do n't feel too bad in the hand -- I 'm pretty picky that way.So , I 'm going to try another brand and give these to my daughter to play with till they finish running out .
 The ink is really vibrant and the tip is a good size for text books , but seriously one of these does n't last me more than 3 days of average reading . I would estimate I go through 100 pages before the marker gives out . I took a good look at the amount of ink in it -LRB- the marker has a transparent case -RRB- and they only fill about 1/3 of the body of the pen with ink . It 's like the marker equivalent of a bag of chips , its mostly air : - \
 You see the space between the gray spring-like thing and the black logo ? That 's all the liquid you get . When I first bought these , I thought I 'd be getting an entire tube of liquid.Highlighters ran out after two weeks . So not worth the price . Maybe if they made use of all that black-covered space.You can get the same five colors from a certain other maker for less than 2 dollars and they work great . Liquid was neat , but I 'm back to the foam.Two stars because they were decent enough to highlight with .
 This stapler is fun when it works and does a great job.Unfortunately nothing happens unless the paper is inserted just so.By the time I get the paper situated to fussy stapler 's liking , I could have stapled twenty pages with a manual stapler.This thing is a novelty and a conversation piece . Do n't get it for every day stapling .
 The product picture makes this look like a hard binder , but in fact this is made out of VERY flimsy plastic . Think of the thickness of a couple playing cards . For this reason , the binder would not be good for managing files , but instead of a small presentation . But if you made a presentation with a low quality binder like this , you probably would n't look too professional . If you are looking for a cheap binder , you 're getting what you pay for on this one .
 I have purchased and used other Avery brand binders and have always been pleased with the usage . Unfortunately I ca n't say the same about this one . I had to return the first one as the rings were defective and gapped . The 2nd one I received had maybe 2 weeks use and the front cover started coming apart at the seam - currently its torn an inch up the seam . I do n't even use it every day - at most 3 times per week , and it 's never been dropped . Definately returning this one and requesting a refund this time .
 The design is good but I think Avery has bad quality control . When we received it , it seems that it was black marks on the white surface and made me feel that it had been used . I still think it is new though . You could see holes at the seam of the edges and the seam would fall off pretty soon . I actually returned this item . However , the one touch EZD Ring is very nice .
 I 've used Avery binders before and liked them , so I do n't know what the problem is with these . First of all I should at least note that the rings themselves work pretty well . The problem is that the plastic is very brittle . I ordered 3 of these and all 3 are falling apart . The clear plastic on the front of the binder cracked and split off two of them , and the plastic wrapping the cardboard backing is cracked and rapidly deteriorating on the bottom of all 3 . Not sure if Amazon got some really old ones in stock or the quality was bad to begin with but I would n't buy these again .
 I ordered 6 of these chart tablets for another teacher and I to use in our classrooms . I had read a review that described effective shipping in a large box , so imagine my surprise when each tablet came in a separate bag . Every one of them was damaged because there was no support for the product . The covers were bent every which way and nearly all the pages were creased and mangled . The paper is usable , as a sloppy copy , but not for posting or keeping . What a disappointment .
 We were very disappointed that this one of the rings on this binder broke -LRB- was misaligned and would not close properly -RRB- within one week of normal use . It was pretty pricey to begin with , and Avery is known as a quality brand , so I was very surprised . Amazon did promptly refund our money once it was returned however , so we appreciate the service !
 Do n't let the word `` rigid '' in their description fool you . Out of countless thousands of dvd mailers I 've ordered over the past decade , these were by far the worst . Flimsy , easy-to-tear , easy-to-rip , pliable ... but not rigid . I was suckered in by their inaccurate description and pics -LRB- pics , which by the way , is NOT what you get -RRB- . They are DVD mailers but I would n't trust any of my DVD mail-outs to this garbage.I 've asked them for a full refund and will follow-up on here with how they do with that process . 2/17/10
 These mailers are not rigid as the product 's headline and description claims . They are manufactured from a very thin cardboard - not corrugated , but the type used in cheap `` shirt '' boxes you would use at Christmas . They are easily torn during transit.The adhesive is marginal . As another reviewer noted , there were issues with the protective strip pulling the adhesive from the mailer when I attempted to remove the protective strip and expose the adhesive . I also had about 9 or 10 where the adhesive would n't keep the mailer shut . All told , I resorted to using packing tape to seal 22 of 100 mailers.These mailers provide little , if any , impact protection to the DVD case during transit . Self-seal mailers that I 've previously used performed much better and were actually made from very thin corrugated cardboard so they afforded a fair amount of impact protection.Today I located a source for # 0 -LRB- 6 '' x 10 '' -RRB- poly self-seal padded -LRB- bubble -RRB- mailers on eBay - less than $ 20/100 pcs , including shipping . These provide a superior level of impact protection and are very , very durable . These padded poly mailers will be my DVD packaging of choice from now on .
 We were very disappointed that this one of the rings on this binder broke -LRB- was misaligned and would not close properly -RRB- within one week of normal use . It was pretty pricey to begin with , and Avery is known as a quality brand , so I was very surprised . Amazon did promptly refund our money once it was returned however , so we appreciate the service !
 I 've put off reviewing this product , because I do n't really like it . The squared rings make it difficult to turn pages , putting unnecessary wear and tear on the page holes . Also , this binder does n't have any more capacity than some of the round ring binders we have . I thought it would hold a lot more .
 I do n't know if it 's my MFC printer or the tray , but even though pdf size is selected , paper is not picked up according to size , but instead defaults to tray one . Instead , I need to select pages for each size , then print . Also , if I get too far ahead in selecting the pages , there are jams .
 This item is advertised to work with the Brother MFC-8480DN printer . But I found the instructions were inadequate and it does n't work with Legal size for our MFC-8480DN printer.Brother needs to really do QA on this before they start making claims it works with their printers .
 Bought the lower tray to print envelopes because we do 10-15 envelopes at a time . Tray worked well at first but now when envelopes print they come out so hot that it seals the seal on them . If you open the back door there are two little blue tabs that if you push them down you can print envelopes without them crinkling ... our envelopes still crinkle . A litte disappointed because it would be REALLY nice to have a printer that you can have a spefic envelope drawer and not have any problems and I thought this was the one .
 Out of the box , the product was clearly a cheap production . The binder is made of the cheapest cardboard and vinyl you can find . As soon as I took it out of the box it was shipped in , you could clearly see that the seams around the edges were compromised . The binding area was not sealed , the edges were not sealed , and when you tried to stand the product up for it 's intended usage , it is so lightweight it wants to collapse back on itself . Item was returned immediately .
 I needed some large , strong binders to hold documents for my boss . I ordered three of these binders . It seems like they would be decent binders if they were new , but unfortunately the ones shipped to me arrived very dirty/dusty , scratched up , and looking as though they had already been used . I am fairly disappointed with this purchase .
 I needed some large , strong binders to hold documents for my boss . I ordered three of these binders . It seems like they would be decent binders if they were new , but unfortunately the ones shipped to me arrived very dirty/dusty , scratched up , and looking as though they had already been used . I am fairly disappointed with this purchase .
 The vinyl at the top of one of the four binders was puckered , thus unsatisfactory . I phoned the distributor the day after receiving the product and left a message but my call was not returned .
 The plastic on the binder is very fragile broke as soon as I opened it . Have n't started using it simply put some paper in it and it 's already falling apart .
 The binders look heavy duty , but after a mere 3 weeks , all of them were ripping in the seams and I had to tape them with duct tape . I ended up buying new binders . The seams should be reinforced so that they can handle the weight . Kids often will be grabbing binders from just the front or back cover -LRB- with the seams absorbing the weight of the full binder -RRB- , but these binders could n't handle it . Maybe it 's just my kid who is rough with them , but I bought three and all three were ripping down the seams in less than a month .
 I am disappointed in the lack of durability of this item . The rings are not very strong nor is the covering . I would recommend buying a heavier quality binder .
 This binder is very cheaply made . When I received it , the vinyl was cracked in four places -LRB- 1/2 '' + in two places -RRB- . The edges were very sharp . It was immediately returned for a refund . I do not recommend this product .
 This order came swiftly and the price was right ... or so I thought . Price was right because the binder was defective . Unfortunately , the front AND back edges of the binder were already torn as if someone had taken scissors and cut it ! I am planning to return this ASAP .
 This binder is very red and when I get in it I feel quite confined , and confusingly enough , like I should get out and cook dinner el pronto or else .
 I ordered three of these binders thinking that it would be easiest on my schedule to have new binders come right to my door . Unfortunately , I was failed by modern convenience . After driving out to FedEx to pick them up because the driver would n't leave the package outside my house , I opened the box to discover that all three of the binders were broken . The two gray ones had cracked plastic that was peeling off all around the edges . The same was true for the blue one , but the back cover was literally falling off . I 'm amazed someone even put this in a box to ship to me . I 'm annoyed that I now have to process the return and take another trip to the post office in order to return these broken binders . I 'll at least combine the trip with one to Staples , which is clearly where I should have gone in the first place !
 I wanted cheap binders for school ... After being stuck in my bag with my casebooks , the rings bent and were no longer serviceable . This happened to both of them . Upon examination of other binders I got -LRB- same type , diff color -RRB- , the rings do n't seem to be well made . They have a mini-gap between them and they look flimsy . Will buy better ones next time .
 The rings crush easily on this . I bought it because my son needed a two inch three ring binder for sixth grade . He 's not particularly tough on his school supplies , but this survived less than one month .
 I ordered 3 of these binders and 2 of them were cracked and ripped when I got them . I went online to look at getting new ones but it would cost more for me to return the current ones that it would to just buy new ones . I am not pleased and would like them to send me 2 new ones without having to return the old ones .
 I needed some large , strong binders to hold documents for my boss . I ordered three of these binders . It seems like they would be decent binders if they were new , but unfortunately the ones shipped to me arrived very dirty/dusty , scratched up , and looking as though they had already been used . I am fairly disappointed with this purchase .
 I needed some large , strong binders to hold documents for my boss . I ordered three of these binders . It seems like they would be decent binders if they were new , but unfortunately the ones shipped to me arrived very dirty/dusty , scratched up , and looking as though they had already been used . I am fairly disappointed with this purchase .
 I needed some large , strong binders to hold documents for my boss . I ordered three of these binders . It seems like they would be decent binders if they were new , but unfortunately the ones shipped to me arrived very dirty/dusty , scratched up , and looking as though they had already been used . I am fairly disappointed with this purchase .
 I needed some large , strong binders to hold documents for my boss . I ordered three of these binders . It seems like they would be decent binders if they were new , but unfortunately the ones shipped to me arrived very dirty/dusty , scratched up , and looking as though they had already been used . I am fairly disappointed with this purchase .
 I needed some large , strong binders to hold documents for my boss . I ordered three of these binders . It seems like they would be decent binders if they were new , but unfortunately the ones shipped to me arrived very dirty/dusty , scratched up , and looking as though they had already been used . I am fairly disappointed with this purchase .
 I needed some large , strong binders to hold documents for my boss . I ordered three of these binders . It seems like they would be decent binders if they were new , but unfortunately the ones shipped to me arrived very dirty/dusty , scratched up , and looking as though they had already been used . I am fairly disappointed with this purchase .
 The binder is fine , a typical inexpensive white binder , but A4 size ... however , it arrived very dirty with ingrained smudge marks down corners -- even inside edges ! -- and heavy , greasy , black dust particles ~ 2-3 mm average , not only stuck to outside but deep down under the tight plastic outer cover = hard to remove and the plastic is now stretched.Amazon just happened to sell it to a person with the tenacity and expertise to be able to clean all this up but it was time consuming and highly irritating for the price I had to pay just for an odd-sized binder of typical cheap quality . I love new office products but this was disappointing . The warehouse 's fault not the manufacturer .
 ZERO StarsThese flimsy binders were a great disappointment . They are much too expensive . Non-hanging versions are available at the generic `` dollar store '' for $ 1 -LRB- no price check -RRB- . I bought them from Amazon without being able to see the actual product . The picture does not show their weaknesses . I would never have bought them in a store .
 I have purchased three of them and all three were torn from sides and corners . Also it does n't have any thing to writ on from the side as the picture is showing.So to sum it up do n't buy this bad quality binders , it is not worth the money .
 so i was looking @ the outside of the binder when it arrived and was pretty impressed with how it looked , till i opened it . The sleeves on the inside are a tacky clear plastic full of grooves and warps . The rings are nice , but look like they will break down relatively easy . save your money for something better . if you like tacky ugly as ____ sleeves and sub par rings though , go for it ! the only redeeming point was the price , but i have changed my mind on that .
 Bought 2 of these binders for a middle school child and the cover split from the binding within a month . Do n't waste your money on these .
 What a piece of garbage ! I used this for online college , and it is falling apart , after only 3 months of use . It never even left the house ! I can just imagine if I bought it for one of the kids ! Oh , I miss those denim binders !
 Broke within the first week . I was using this as a binder for my personal recipes , so its not like it was even being shoved into backpacks or carried with heavy books , but the seam cracked and the whole front cover has now fallen off ...
 Hard to understand the description . If you want to bind 81/2 x 11 papers , fine . If you want to put plastic covers on the page , this binder is too small with all of the papers falling over the edge . Also , the ` rings ' only work if you pull them apart , not with the two operational hinges .
 Please do not let the title fool you ... these are not `` view binders '' . A view binder means that there is a clear sleeve on the front cover that you can place a coversheet in . These state that they are view binders , but they are just plain binders - not exactly handy for presentations , etc. . .
 I basically paid $ 65ish for 2 binders , when it clearly says `` 12 Binders -LRB- 1 case -RRB- . '' I do n't know if the other 22 binders were back-ordered , but that does n't make much sense . Luckily , there was no problem returning this product .
 This item got bent in the process of shipping , not very strong . The binder has not frayed or broken any other way , but I was disappointed in the items ' ability to bend so easily .
 I ordered 3 of these binders and 2 of them were cracked and ripped when I got them . I went online to look at getting new ones but it would cost more for me to return the current ones that it would to just buy new ones . I am not pleased and would like them to send me 2 new ones without having to return the old ones .
 I ordered three of these binders thinking that it would be easiest on my schedule to have new binders come right to my door . Unfortunately , I was failed by modern convenience . After driving out to FedEx to pick them up because the driver would n't leave the package outside my house , I opened the box to discover that all three of the binders were broken . The two gray ones had cracked plastic that was peeling off all around the edges . The same was true for the blue one , but the back cover was literally falling off . I 'm amazed someone even put this in a box to ship to me . I 'm annoyed that I now have to process the return and take another trip to the post office in order to return these broken binders . I 'll at least combine the trip with one to Staples , which is clearly where I should have gone in the first place !
 I wanted cheap binders for school ... After being stuck in my bag with my casebooks , the rings bent and were no longer serviceable . This happened to both of them . Upon examination of other binders I got -LRB- same type , diff color -RRB- , the rings do n't seem to be well made . They have a mini-gap between them and they look flimsy . Will buy better ones next time .
 The rings crush easily on this . I bought it because my son needed a two inch three ring binder for sixth grade . He 's not particularly tough on his school supplies , but this survived less than one month .
 The binders look heavy duty , but after a mere 3 weeks , all of them were ripping in the seams and I had to tape them with duct tape . I ended up buying new binders . The seams should be reinforced so that they can handle the weight . Kids often will be grabbing binders from just the front or back cover -LRB- with the seams absorbing the weight of the full binder -RRB- , but these binders could n't handle it . Maybe it 's just my kid who is rough with them , but I bought three and all three were ripping down the seams in less than a month .
 I am disappointed in the lack of durability of this item . The rings are not very strong nor is the covering . I would recommend buying a heavier quality binder .
 This binder is very cheaply made . When I received it , the vinyl was cracked in four places -LRB- 1/2 '' + in two places -RRB- . The edges were very sharp . It was immediately returned for a refund . I do not recommend this product .
 This order came swiftly and the price was right ... or so I thought . Price was right because the binder was defective . Unfortunately , the front AND back edges of the binder were already torn as if someone had taken scissors and cut it ! I am planning to return this ASAP .
 This binder is very red and when I get in it I feel quite confined , and confusingly enough , like I should get out and cook dinner el pronto or else .
 The vinyl at the top of one of the four binders was puckered , thus unsatisfactory . I phoned the distributor the day after receiving the product and left a message but my call was not returned .
 The plastic on the binder is very fragile broke as soon as I opened it . Have n't started using it simply put some paper in it and it 's already falling apart .
 It comes with only the barest of instructions , no real software to speak of , and I ca n't get it to function as promised . I 've tried it in a palm and in a pocket pc . I ca n't load the software on the palm , and the pocket pc software loads , but it wo n't recongnize the scanner when you open the software . So now I have a nifty paperweight on my desk with an embedded laser . Even if I could get it to work , it does n't lock in real well so every time you push the button to scan it threatens to pop out . I wish I had look into this closer before purchasing .
 The vinyl cover was split when it arrived new and the replacement binder soon split as well . Functional as long one accepts a torn cover .
 I love the book itself big letters plenty of room to writebut want anything but black or brown , a solid color or a print would be nice
 The item arrived promptly , but the rings in the address book cover do not close properly . There is a gap which allows the contents to come loose . The general quality of the item seems shoddy . Although not an expensive item , I expected better quality.I advise those looking for a refillable address book to look elsewhere than this product .
 The address book did not suit my needs . The spaces were too small for all the information to be entered , and there were too many sections per page . I returned the product and received a refund for the product , but shipping charges for receiving and returning the product cost more than the phone book . The next time I need a phone book , I will go to the store to purchase .
 NOT HAPPY WITH THE PAGES . THEY ONLY HAVE AREA FOR ADDRESS , PHONE # AND FAX BUT NOT FOR EMAIL ADDRESSES ... OLD STYLE ... NOT GREAT
 I probably go into this filing basket about once a week and it is half filled at most . Every time I draw it toward me another part of the wicker -LRB- or whatever this is -RRB- breaks off . The finish looks cheap , brown and shiny , not honey colored like in the picture . Ca n't recommend this .
 Flimsy , does n't fit well , way over priced ... . We ordered 2 on the same day at the exact same time and they are different colors from each other . To boot , we have to pay for shipping and handling back so it actually cost us money . NOT A GOOD BUY NOR PRODUCT .
 I love the natural look of wicker . These boxes had pieces sticking out randomly and the paint job appeared chipped . If I had seen the boxes in a store , I would not have paid $ 40 each for them . Please note , the boxes were not damaged in transit ... they are just poor quality.Buyer beware , you are responsible for shipping the items back to the vendor . When I went to return the items , I discovered shipping to California is very expensive ... anywhere from $ 32 to over $ 100 . Needless to say , I kept the boxes because it was more money down the drain to return.Lessons learned , review the return policy ! There are many alternatives out there and I should have chosen one with a better return policy in a state that is cheap to ship to . I was told by the very nice man in the package store that next to Hawaii and Alaska , California and Texas are the two most expensive states to ship to .
 I 'm amazed that someone would say the wicker around the edge was `` a tad brittle , and some pieces broke off '' and then give the product four stars ! The fact that pieces are already breaking off when the box is brand new might be a clue that it 's of inferior quality . The broken off pieces of wicker make the box actually dangerous -- you can scratch or cut yourself if you are n't extremely careful hanging files in it . The best I can say is that it looks nice .
 It was not a Presstex Punchless Grip Binder and I returned it . There were none in stock . When someone tried to replace the binder , they sent the wrong one again .
 The binders they mailed had only a 75 page capacity , not 125 page as advertised . I will be returning these .
 everything falls out , if you have lots of things , they fall out if you have one thing , it falls out
 This product is structurally well designed , however , the internal diameter of the upper pole that attaches to the monitor is 1.25 inches , which is less than the width of any VGA cable we have been able to find to this point . So , there is no way to utilize the cable management hole that is provided when using a VGA cable ; since this is a monitor stand , it would seem important . Its as if the manufacturer never actually fully tested their design . I contacted the manufacturer and asked them to recommend a VGA cable for use . The responded with the following : `` Thank you for contacting Peerless Industries . I contacted our engineering team and after testing with the cables , it has been found that the VGA cable will not work with this . The tubing is not large enough to accommodate the plug . `` So I would only recommend this product if you plan on having your vga cable exposed .
 First off sent the wrong product . No problem getting a RMA . Returned the item and vendor sent me an email saying the credit would be posted to my account within 10 days . Two months later and still no credit . Had to take more time disputing the charge with my credit card ! Complete waste of my time !
 The reason chairs have 4 and sometimes 5 legs is to provide you with a sturdy platform for your body . This is supposed to hold up your precious speakers , but it only has 3 legs , so it is unstable in all situations . Bump it and it will go down , possibly to kill that speaker , and possibly to mar your furniture if it was in the way.BTW , it is worse the heavier the speaker , because that makes it top-heavy .
 I purchased this item because the description indicated it was a box of 25 folders , as the crossed off original price would indicate . Instead of the 5 boxes I ordered I got 5 folders only . When I contacted the seller I was basically told that they were sorry that my ordering experience `` did not go smooth as expected '' and that they were still attempting to integrate with Amazon . So in other words , sorry but we are not going to try and make you happy by giving you what was advertised . I got ripped off and they are not even attempting to make it right . I have ordered form Amazon for years and have used outside merchants and I have never had this experience .
 -LRB- Labeled as 110 labels , etc. -RRB- I was intrigued by price but could not find specifically what it contained.Here is what I received . 11 sheets . Each contained 2 DVD labels -LRB- 22 total -RRB- with large center hole . Sheet also contained 2 side case labels -LRB- 4 inch by 1/4 inch approx . -RRB- and 6 labels -LRB- 1.9 inch by 1.4 inch -RRB- -LRB- 2 +2 +6 -RRB- * 11 = 110 . It also contained 5 jewel case inserts and 6 song booklets . It contained a custom tool for placing label on the DVD . DVD labels are offset but different from the Memorex layout . Package also contained software for printing labels .
 I purchased this item because the description indicated it was a box of 25 folders , as the crossed off original price would indicate . Instead of the 5 boxes I ordered I got 5 folders only . When I contacted the seller I was basically told that they were sorry that my ordering experience `` did not go smooth as expected '' and that they were still attempting to integrate with Amazon . So in other words , sorry but we are not going to try and make you happy by giving you what was advertised . I got ripped off and they are not even attempting to make it right . I have ordered form Amazon for years and have used outside merchants and I have never had this experience .
 I called the supplier , and the description of this product is incorrect . The price listed is for 1 folder , not the `` box of 25 '' as listed in the description .
 The manuafacturer part number is posted elsewhere as having a quantity of 25 folders . It is only a quantity of 2 folders . The item dooes not weigh 13.7 pounds . It might weigh 6 ounces . The folders were good , but I would not recommend buying this item due to the discrepancy of the weight and former price of $ 99.99 .
 It looks great but when I got it , the tubes were stuck together . It is also built kinda cheesy and I was n't at all impressed with it once I got it . I returned it and am looking for something else .
 I have been using these types of files for many years in offices and at home . They are indespensable along with regular capacity Pendaflex folders for maintaining files . However , it seems that Pendaflex has recently significantly reduced the quality of the materials used to the point of making them flimsy and not functional . When these folders are loaded the metal bars bow and bend making them hard to handle . The bars are so thin that they act like a knife edge and cut into the file drawer rails instead of sliding along them as is needed . Older Pendaflex folders I have still slide fine along the rails . Also , the paper material of the new folders is considerable thinner than the old folders and I doubt they will last as long as the older , better made folders . I will not buy these folders again and am looking for a studier replacement .
 I ordered this item because I definitely wanted the Infopocket . I use this to store smaller items within the customer file and not lose them at the bottom of the file folder . THREE times Amazon.com has sent the folders NOT containing the Infopocket . The Pendflex website does decribe them with the infopocket so I am assuming they are still manufactured . I am getting tired of sending back these incorrect items .
 This handset eats batteries to the point where it is almost unusable . If youy leave it on the charger base , the NiCad batteries develop the `` memory effect '' and lose the ability to hold charge . If you leave it off the charger base , it does n't have much usefull battery life , and you 're always dropping conversations because the battery pooped out . The flaw in the design is the lack of a `` smart '' charging circuit in the phone that cuts off charge current automatically when the battery is charged and allows the user to keep it on the charger base .
 I needed to replace an extension , on an existing phone system . I found this item online . I bought it . Paying only $ 11.00 less than a totally new system . I found this out after my purchase . The phone stays `` charging '' all the time , even with a NEW battery . It works , It matches my current system . Due to the price I give it a `` 2 '' .
 This machine is absolutely horrible . First thing I noticed when I took it out of the box and set it up is the cheap feel and quality of the materials especially the handset which also did not work properly . I got a lot of static from the handset making it impossible to talk on the phone . Since you need the handset to record the outgoing message for the answer machine I was not able to get a clear message recorded . But that was not the only problem out of the box , I was never able to get a single fax printed because I kept getting paper jams . The print ribbon would get rolled up with the paper and jam the machine . It was a total waste of time . Definitely not worth $ 180 . I had the machine delivered at my office and when the secretary saw it she said `` Oh no , you got a Brother , they 're nothing but trouble . '' I only wish I would have talked to her before I ordered it .
 To be honest this fax machine does n't even deserve 1 star . It is by far the very worst fax machine I have ever used . You have to babysit it every time you fax something because the papers get caught up and wo n't feed through , or when you copy something it will do the same thing . I 'm not even halfway through my 2nd ribbon spool yet and I can barely read the pages from incoming faxes or from pages that have been copied . Another problem is when you try to copy something , the pages have a tendency to feed through machine crooked , so you 're constantly having to yank on the pages so they feed through and do n't get hung up . Absolutely horrible machine . The phone and answering machine part work fine for me , it 's just that if you want to copy or fax something , well , do n't hold your breath ... Oh yeah , and did I mention I 've only had this thing for less than 2 months ???
 I have been using these types of files for many years in offices and at home . They are indespensable along with regular capacity Pendaflex folders for maintaining files . However , it seems that Pendaflex has recently significantly reduced the quality of the materials used to the point of making them flimsy and not functional . When these folders are loaded the metal bars bow and bend making them hard to handle . The bars are so thin that they act like a knife edge and cut into the file drawer rails instead of sliding along them as is needed . Older Pendaflex folders I have still slide fine along the rails . Also , the paper material of the new folders is considerable thinner than the old folders and I doubt they will last as long as the older , better made folders . I will not buy these folders again and am looking for a studier replacement .
 I ordered this item because I definitely wanted the Infopocket . I use this to store smaller items within the customer file and not lose them at the bottom of the file folder . THREE times Amazon.com has sent the folders NOT containing the Infopocket . The Pendflex website does decribe them with the infopocket so I am assuming they are still manufactured . I am getting tired of sending back these incorrect items .
 I bought this phone for use in my home office based on the rave reviews on this site for its speakerphone . Unfortunately , I have had nothing but repeated complaints that the voice is distorted or goes in and out , with the beginnings and ends of sentences frequently cut off . I am in the market for another phone after just 2 months .
 The mike on the handset is of poor quality and sound . The mike for the speaker phone is better , which makes no sense to me . With out the companion Hands-Free Headset no one would be able to hear me . If it were not such a hassle to return this phone I would have . Very much a disapointment from Panasonic .
 The phone has no caller ID . This was a feature that I overlooked and was disappointed but it was my problem . My focus when I ordered was overlooked caller ID in favor of the good reviews for speakerphone quality . It is just not good enough . The phone hangs on a kitchen family dining wall so that we would talk hands free in that area of the house . However , unless we stand within a 3 or 4 feet of the phone then the person on the other end of the call can not hear/understand . Would return if not for the restocking fee .
 This phone was everything I wanted but when it arrived , I saw that it did not have a caller ID screen . I think that in 2010 people assume that a feature like caller ID will be included in a phone , especially one with so many other features .
 This phoneis a wall phone but it dials instead of punching the number straight as other phones do.I can not dial on speakerphone setting as I wish .
 Item was advertised as white , but it was really grey . As a result we had to return item and assume the cost of mailing it back .
 I bought this phone to replace another Panasonic that I had for many years , used as a wall-mounted phone . This phone 's wall connection is bad in two respects . Most wall/desk phones have an attachment for DESK . This one has the attachment for WALL use , and it holds the phone much too far from the wall . Once it is on the wall , the angle is wrong so that the receiver does not stay on the phone .
 I got this phone because of high ratings for those with hearing loss . The headset and speaker were loud enough . The ringer was loud . However the speakerphone mike did not work . You had to yell right into it for the other party to hear and only some of the words could be heard . If the mike had worked I would have kept the phone . I am returning it for a more specialized phone , probably the Krown Starplus 45 .
 I purchased this phone , but was disappointed with the quality of sound . I , also , was having a problem with a feature of the phone , but got that solved . However , when I contacted Panasonic , before I got the feature to operate , I was informed that my only option -LRB- if I could not get the feature to work -RRB- was to receive a refurbished model as a replacement even though I had purchased a new one . That plus having to pay any shipment charges to send it back to them seemed unreasonable . The Panasonic customer support people were extremely condescending , rude , and had a take it or leave it attitude . That was the final straw in making me return the poor quality phone . I will never purchase a Panasonic phone again .
 This product looks good but its performance was totally unacceptable . It had so much static and noise in the dialtone and on completed calls that responses were almost indescernable . Thinking I must have gotten a lemon I ordered a replacment , however the second phone had the same problem . I have returned it for a refund . I have had poor experience with Panasonic products over the years , this does not instill any confidence in their products as a whole .
 I purchased this phone for my grandmother -LRB- in her 80 's -RRB- several months ago . When I went home for Christmas , I saw her phone and asked how it was working . It was n't and she did n't want to hurt my feelings by telling me . It worked fine at first but after about two weeks , the buttons stopped working . The dial tone is there but when you begin to dial a phone number , the dial tone continues and the buttons are not recognized by the phone . It still rings but that 's about it . And because she did n't tell me , I 've missed the return window .
 I purchased this product for my mother , who uses the phone in the speakerphone mode almost exclusively . She had an AT&T speakerphone for 12 years prior to this , without problems . We thought we would give her a more up-graded phone and selected the Panasonic KX-TS105W . Big mistake ! When people called her , they could only hear parts of her conversation . Entire words were cut from her conversation . Panasonic suggested to replace the `` new '' batteries with top of the line alkaline Duracell 's , which we did . The phone still cut off words.A second call to Panasonic resulted in `` send the phone to us and we will send out a re-conditioned one to you '' I told them the phone was brand new and that I did n't want a re-conditioned one . They suggested I send it back to Amazon . I sent the phone back and re-installed the old AT&T unit , -LRB- good thing we kept the old one -RRB- . Just wish AT&T made a nice new speakerphone , like their old one , but they do n't . The old phone does n't even use batteries and it works like a charm . So much for new replacements !
 The main reason for purchasing the phone was to have caller ID . The Amazon site incorrectly stated that this particular phone has caller ID , but , unfortunately , it does n't . I returned the phone .
 As has been mentioned in other reviews , the mute button makes a very loud click on the other end . I 've been told this and tested it by leaving myself a voice mail . It 's just horrible , and completely unprofessional for the other party . If you NEVER plan to use Mute , then it 's an otherwise good phone . But a Mute button bug like this is a thoughtless design flaw .
 We purchased two of these machines and after about 6 months began having trouble with both . One of them always pulled multiple sheets of paper and jammed when receiving faxes or printing copies . After replacing just about every roller in there , it worked for a few months , and now it 's back to jamming again.The other fax was more reliable until just a month ago , when recipients began complaining of a black stripe down the side of their fax . We followed Brother 's recommendations and cleaned various parts inside , but the only thing that fixed it was unplugging and pluggings back in the power . Even then , it was only a temporary fix . A local repair shop estimates around $ 150 to repair what the think is a bad scanner.Maybe I just got a bad batch of these , but I would suggest caution before buying one .
 first , this clipboard has ruler markings down the sides , which the image online does not show . i had hoped for a plain clear clipboard , and i feel misled by the image posted on amazon , which advertises a clear board.second , this clipboard arrives in plastic packaging that 's impossible to fully remove . you can not succeed in fully extricating the plastic wedged between the board and the underside of the clip -LRB- which you can see , since this board 's clear -RRB- . all in all , it 's not a bad price , and it works , but it also disappoints .
 We have had these phones for about 2.5 years with 2 different base systems as we have 2 different business lines coming in and then our residence line . The battery on ALL of the phones -LRB- 3 total cordless phones -RRB- is HORRIBLE . The longest it lasts is 20-30 minutes which is a good day and 5 minutes on a bad day . On some of the expandable headsets they even hang up without warning , definately not a good thing when you are on a business call . We even bought another battery and that did n't work . We are looking into replacing the whole system with another at this time .
 I have been using these types of files for many years in offices and at home . They are indespensable along with regular capacity Pendaflex folders for maintaining files . However , it seems that Pendaflex has recently significantly reduced the quality of the materials used to the point of making them flimsy and not functional . When these folders are loaded the metal bars bow and bend making them hard to handle . The bars are so thin that they act like a knife edge and cut into the file drawer rails instead of sliding along them as is needed . Older Pendaflex folders I have still slide fine along the rails . Also , the paper material of the new folders is considerable thinner than the old folders and I doubt they will last as long as the older , better made folders . I will not buy these folders again and am looking for a studier replacement .
 I ordered this item because I definitely wanted the Infopocket . I use this to store smaller items within the customer file and not lose them at the bottom of the file folder . THREE times Amazon.com has sent the folders NOT containing the Infopocket . The Pendflex website does decribe them with the infopocket so I am assuming they are still manufactured . I am getting tired of sending back these incorrect items .
 As has been mentioned in other reviews , the mute button makes a very loud click on the other end . I 've been told this and tested it by leaving myself a voice mail . It 's just horrible , and completely unprofessional for the other party . If you NEVER plan to use Mute , then it 's an otherwise good phone . But a Mute button bug like this is a thoughtless design flaw .
 I wish Amazon has a zero star , that is what my experience is with this phone I bought here . I bought this phone , the one I received would not hang up and did not work for a minute . I called Panasonic and had to hassel them for a pre-paid return label . I sent the phone back and expected to get another new phone . Instead I got an old , `` refurbished '' phone with previous owner 's sticker still on it , and worse still , the phone would not hang up either ! When I called the customer service , again , they said the best they could do was to send me another shipping label and send me another `` refurbished '' phone . At this point , I am inclined to throw the phone away and declare a total loss .
 I received the product as expected . It failed to work and I returned it to Amazon . Panasonic tech support was unable to resolve the issue . I DO NOT recommend this phone .
 I purchased two of these phones based upon the previous customer reviews . I was looking for a phone with at least above average sound quality . Other customer reviews gave me the impression that this phone would satisfy these requirements . My previous phone sounded signifiantly better and it was about 1/2 the price . Most people would find the sound quality alright , but if you are looking for above average sound quality you will not find it in this phone . I 'm quite disappointed . The rest of the phone 's features are fine - no complaints except for the primary reason why I purchased this phone .
 This phone looks great , feels solid and sounds well . However the unit I purchased wo n't keep working for over 2 hours of actual use -LRB- even w/o using the speakerphone -RRB- on 3 AA cells . It appears to drain the cells after 2 hours of actual use . Using new cells works but the same problem appears . After reading horror stories about refurbished units being sent back as `` repaired units '' by Panasonic I 'm reluctant to go through the hassle of shipping it to them for warranty repairs . I 'd write this off as a loss due to bad design .
 Nowadays it is pretty much expected that a phone have caller ID . It has a display but no caller ID ! Also , you have to set the clock manually whereas a lot of phones nowadays set themselves when someone calls -LRB- yes , a feature of caller ID -RRB- . The sound quality is good and the phone is sturdy but it is missing a key feature that no one would expect that it did n't have .
 I would have rated this phone better than one star because I truly like its features and how it fits into my lifestyle . However , everyone here is correct the battery life on the cordless phone make it useless . Absolutely useless . You can still use the answering machine and the speakerphone and of course the two lines , but that 's about it . $ 200 is a lot to pay for a phone that does n't work . I was a happy Uniden cordless phone owner but needed a two-line phone and had always heard so many great things about Panasonic . With all this I would have rated the phone about a 2 or 3 . However , my opinion has changed after getting the constant run around with Panasonic . I have contacted them by email , internet , phone , etc and continue to get canned answers from associates trained to ignore or pretend there is not this problem . To hear them speak I 'm the only one that has ever experienced this issue . I like so many others here , bought mine at Circuit City . I took the first one back for an exchange for poor battery life . The next one I got also has poor battery life , so I bought a new battery and guess what ... poor battery life.The service from Panasonic and their ability to treat my concerns is pathetic . I could give a `` you know what '' if Panasonic makes the greatest product in the world some day in the future , they have lost this customer for good . I 'm exhausted with the process . SO , MY ONLY REQUEST IS NOW , IF ANYONE HAPPENS TO SOLVE THE RIDDLE OF HOW TO GET THIS PHONE TO WORK LONGER THAN 15 MINUTES PLEASE POST WHAT YOU DID FOR THE REST OF US THAT ARE OUT $ 200 AND A SMACK IN THE FACE FROM PANASONIC .
 I hope I never own another Panasonic phone . The phone is nice and has nice features , but the & * ! $ battery . I can pick up the phone and it is indicating full battery . Start the call and the phone beeps at me , the battery indicates ` Low ' , and ` No Link to Base ' appears . The phone has been well taken care of AND I have experienced this problem with 3 Panasonic phones . I hate to bash -- but after dealing with these phones -- stay away from Panasonic .
 I am a small business owner , and did my research carefully ; this phone seemed to have all the features and quality level I was looking for . At the time , all the reviews looked good , and this 2-line phone was what I thought I needed.Unfortunately , my battery has developed the same issues described by everyone else here . I 've had the phone just over a year , and it lasts just under 20 minutes at full charge . I was very , very careful to follow all of the battery initial charge and re-charge instructions in the manual , to no avail.What a waste of my time and a painful source of embarrassment with clients .
 Looks good . The specs look good . The phone battery is awful . When I first bought it , September of 2002 , the handset lasted a grand total of 2 hours . Now , March of 2003 , the handset will last 56 minutes . Call waiting does n't work at all . Called the phone company , they said it 's not them . They 're right . It 's the phone . Panasonic website has zero info on what to do . Not worth the money .
 Same problem with battery life as most everyone else , 5 minutes tops and it starts beeping for low battery . Run around and grab another extension for another 5 minutes . Started just a couple of months after purchase , and I did charge it per the instructions . I have 3 extensions , all doing the same thing . The worst thing about it is that this was not a cheap purchase and panasonic could care less . I will think long and hard before ever buying Panasonic again , it obviously does n't stand for quality anymore .
 Battery life was never great.Constantly get no link to base when I 'm RIGHT NEXT TO THE MAIN BASE STATION !! I have a two phone set , main base and little remote base . Does that on both phones . We run a small business and lately our calls just drop off because the `` link to base '' breaks . Or even better a call comes in and you go to pick up and the line drops off so you ca n't even answer the call . Unfortunately it makes doing business impossible . I hope there 's a better version out there .
 Had this phone for 1.5 years . Like features , i.e. directory that can be shared and sent across the base unit and a handset or ability to correct a number before dialing it -LRB- like in a cell phone -RRB- . From the very beginning battery life was a problem . It was around 1-1 .5 hour talk time . Do not even think about having a conference call with this phone . It got worse and worse and currently I get ~ 30-40 min . talk time after charging for more than a day . My very old 900MHz Uniden gives me around 5-6 hours of talk time.Sometime after using a phone for ~ 6 months LCD display on the handset started failing when the battery is fully charged . After talking on the phone for a few minutes display starts working again . The problem is that you need display when you are dialing.The sound quality is OK . It is not better than analog 900Mhz Uniden but not worse.I was pleasantly surprised than I do not get any interference with WiFi 802.11 B/G network.Very disappointed in quality of implementation even though like features in this 2-line phone .
 We have had this phone since November of 2002 when it came out . Since then , every 4 months we have had to replace the batteries . Not only do the reviews at Amazon document this problem , but just put in KX-TG2740S in the internet explorer search bar and there are scores of complaints from other unhappy users.The rest of the phone was terrific in all respects , but at approximately $ 40 every 4 months -LRB- to replace the batteries -RRB- , we could buy a new phone every year , which , actually is what we just did.I spoke to the Panasonic rep over the phone , and she had a canned response to all my questions , as if she had had numerous complaints regarding this issue before . If anyone would like to start a class action lawsuit regarding this defective product -LRB- or know of a class action lawsuit already in progress -RRB- I would be happy to join !
 Other reviews mention the battery life as being the primary problem . My problem has been the display on the handset . Within 2 weeks of usage the handset display is blank making it virtually useless . I 'm currently on the 3rd and last attempt , I 've phoned Panasonic customer service and they act as if I 'm the only one having problem , their of no help what so ever.Now that I have read the previous reviews I know that this is just a bad phone.I 'm returning this last unit and giving up , even with all the great features , it 's not worth the cost or incovenience .
 This phone has several issues , including frequent out of range messages , incoming calls can not be answered , and all lights blinking all the time on the base unit .1 . The cordless phone complains that it is out of range . You could be standing in front of the base unit , but it still does not reconnect . You have to place it back on the unit and wait .2 . Incoming calls can not be retrieved on the cordless phone . You can hear the phone ringing , but when you answer the call , you will not be reception . Again , you have to place the phone back on the unit .3 . Frequently , all of the lights on the base unit blinks . You have to unplug it and then wait.I 've called Panasonic to see if they are willing to help with it but they will charge for everything.You should not purchase this phone .
 I have the base unit , along with three stand alone extentions . The system worked great for 18 months , but now I have lost the use of the speakerphone -LRB- all units -RRB- and the volume from all extentions goes from high to low and back to high . I have replaced the entire system . This is too expensive of an investment to have ongoing problems in just 18 month . Pick a different phone .
 i agree totally with customers like K.LoSapio in the reviews.i bought the phone and it used to die on me in just five minutes and i had to return it back to panasonic they mailed me back a refurbished set . . well it went well for just couple of months and i thought everything was fine , went ahead and bought an expandable set -LRB- alarm set -RRB- to it , only to find out later that the refurbished set is dying out again in about 5-10 minutes after sitting on the cradle even for 2 days.i am frustrated in buying it for $ 129.00 and $ 79.00 . i was later told that for the refurbished one i have to buy a $ 29.00 battery , which is ridiculous ... rather i would go ahead buy a different set . i really liked the set compared to others in the market but now i 've no choice but opt for a different one . also i noticed the answering machine is not clear ... tried to hear at max.sound -LRB- 8 -RRB- does n't produce clear sound . i would n't recommend for anyone
 I thought this phone sounded great so I bought it . Tons of great features , but this phone has serious pitfalls which overshadow the features . First , there is a limit of 3 minutes per call on the answering machine . You can change the default , but not above this -LRB- if they permit changing , why not to a higher number than 3 minutes ?? -RRB- . Second , the Caller ID performance is poor . Sometimes you have to wait for 2 or more rings just to get the Caller ID info to show . Not very helpful when you want to know whether or not to pick up before the answering machine . On rare occasions , Caller ID information does not display at all . Third , and this is the WORST , the battery is AWFUL . It is recommended that you not re-charge until the battery gets completely low , but this is not practical . The battery strength indicator has 3 bars , and if you wait until you get to the 3rd bar before recharging , you better hope you do n't get a phone call because you 'll only have 15 minutes before the phone begins beeping incessantly at you to let you know . The beeps come in the form of periodic triple-beeps that interrupt your phone call ... during the beeping you can not hear the other party and they can not hear you ... it is extremely annoying and you have to wonder why it was made so . Does Panasonic think that the only way you will know that the battery is low is if they constantly beat you over the head ? As a result your only choice is to NOT follow the recommendation . And now after 6 weeks of normal use -LRB- less than normal , actually ... I am in a 1-person household and do n't use the phone much -RRB- I have a completely useless battery . It will go from fully charged to completely dead in about 30 minutes , and takes forever to charge back up again.Bottom line
 Why ca n't Panasonic provide a better technology for the battery ? They still use NiCd , which has memory issues . Problem w / NiCd is you should not place the phone in the charger until the battery is fully discharged.Hello !! What are you supposed to do with the phone ? Leave it wobbling on the counter ? More important , what phone are you supposed to use while the phone has no charge ? The speakerphone is not the answer , Panasonic.Cell phones had NiCD 10 years ago . They all have Lithium or Nickel metal hydride , which do n't have the inherent memory problem that NiCD 's have . NiCD 's only last for a few months as well.I did find the KX-TGA271W , which is the expanded handset to match the TG2740 . It has a NiMH battery . Too bad you ca n't place this handset in the base unit of the TG2740 !
 I PURCHASED THIS PANASONIC CORDLESS STRICTLY ON REPUTATION.THIS TELEPHONE COULD BE AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT , IF IT WERE NOT FOR THE FAILURE OF THE CHARGING SYSTEM & BATTERIES THAT IT UTILIZES.THIS PHONE IS USELESS FOR OTHER THAN SHORT & FEW CONVERSATIONS.THE NI-CAD BATTERIES ARE TERRIBLE & LAST ONLY A SHORT TIME ... THE TRUTH IS 6 HOURS STANDBY & 1/2 HOUR TALK TIME & NO SPARE BATTERY CHARGING ABILITY . NOTHING !!!!!! NOW I HAVE THREE HANDSETS & THE BASE TELEPHONE & MY ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TOSS IT AWAY & START OVER . THE SIEMENS I HAD PREVIOUSLY WAS EXCELLENT ON BATTERIES USAGE , BUT IT HAD RECEPTION PROBLEMS , SIEMENS UTILIZES NICKLE METAL HYDRIDE RECHARGABLES . IT ALSO HAD THE ABILITY TO CHANGE BATTERIES.PANASONIC , LIKE MANY OTHER COMPANIES REALLY STICK IT TO YOU BY MAKING YOU BUY THEIR BATTERIES , WHICH ALWAYS REQUIRE REPLACEMENTS.STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE , OR YOU TOO WILL BE FOOLED
 I purchased a KX-TG2740S with two additional handsets . Within 2 months the LCD displays on all 3 handsets failed . I sent 2 handsets to Panasonic factory service and received 2 refurbished ones in return . The display on both of those did not work at all . I sent all three handsets back and have received two more refurbished ones . The display on one did not work . That 's a failure rate of 6 out of 7 . Panasonic will not or can not provide a product that works and will not provide a refund . Terrible product , terrible service .
 I did quite a bit of research and settled on this phone over another Siemens -LRB- coming from an old Siemens Gigaset 2420 -RRB- . Boy was I ever wrong on this decision.Listen to the people that complain about this phone . I started out thinking that people were over reacting to the low battery life on the phone and found that they were right on . My typical battery life on the cordless was about 15-30 minutes . I spoke with my co-worker/salesman and he told me he was experiencing the exact same problem . He later told me that after he deleted all the voice messages off the answering machine and the phone started charging again . Hmm not what I like to hear . Thought I could get a better battery so I went to Battery Plus and replaced the OEM battery and had similar experience except now the phone would disconnect for no reason when I switched to speaker phone.Decided to call Panasonic to see about getting another phone -LRB- new -RRB- since mine was less then 3 months old and they stated that I could ship it to them and they would replace it with a refurbished phone !!!! This was not a cross ship.Caller ID was horrible , as stated by other reviewers Caller ID worked sometimes and other times required that you wait and let it ring about 4-5 times.Other problem included that the cordless phone would completely disconnect my phone call and when I would try to get dial tone it would complain that it did n't have a link to the base station even though I was 4 feet from it . My advice is to stay away.I 'm seriously thinking of getting the Siemens 8825 regardless of the reviews , at least it takes standard rechargable batteries which typically lasted for 4-5 hours of straight talk time .
 Will only mention the features I did n't care for :1 -RRB- Does not have speed dial . Has directory search which takes longer than keying in the number from a list .2 -RRB- Message record time is limited to 15 minutes including outgoing msgs which is too short for a 2-line phone used for a small business .3 -RRB- Listening to msgs does n't tell you which line the call came in on .4 -RRB- The base screen is difficult to read if it is not tilted up toward you . Also difficult to read small print of the number of msgs .5 -RRB- Battery is NicCad , not NicHyd , therefore it holds memory .6 -RRB- Can not go back and listen to a portion of a msg , only repeat the entire msg . This is inadequate for long customer orders . It does have `` slow talk '' playback but this is not the solution .
 It seems as though most of the people that wrote a review have the same exact problem that I have had with our phone ... I researched this purchase thoroughly , and felt that even though it was very expensive , it had all the things we needed in a phone for our home . Soon after setting it up -LRB- within 3 months of purchase -RRB- we began having problems with the phone keeping a charge . We were going to buy a new battery , but decided to call panasonic customer service to see if they had any information about it . Pat answers ... the said that they would send us a new battery and that should solve the problem . We waited and waited and waited , no battery came so we called and called and called ... now we had to leave our information on a service and someone would get back to us , no one did ... . still no battery !!! I could n't believe it and I was so sick of the situation I went online to see if I could get some answers there ... I was sure there had to be some type of recall or something , I mean this thing did n't work ! Within 24 hours a tech emailed me back saying that I should send the unit back to Panasonic and they would check it out , if there was a problem they would send me a new -LRB- refurbished -RRB- unit , since it was under warranty -LRB- covered for the first year , which if you think about it is really rediculous , should n't it work for at least a few years ? -RRB- I decided to send it in . I had to pay to send it to Texas , and there was a problem , -LRB- I was relieved , at least there was something they could do about it ! -RRB- so they sent me a whole new system -LRB- refurbished ! -RRB- ... the new -LRB- refurbished ! -RRB- unit only comes with a 90 day warranty , which is about how long it took for the problems to arise again ... within a few months , the phone began to cut out after about 20 minutes of use , and now , it barely holds a charge for more than a few minutes ... I have also had the same problem with the display saying to move closer to base , when I have been standing right in front of it ... so basically it is worthless ... the worst part ? I still need a phone and this is the only one that has all the options we need ... so I called Panasonic and I emailed them too , they said that for a charge -LRB- not cheap -RRB- they will look at it and see what is wrong ... . etc , basically the same thing as before , are they kidding ? I wo n't be buying from Panasonic ever again ... I was pissed off before when it was just my phone , but knowing that so many people are having the exact same problem really is aggravating . I ca n't believe that they do not stand byt their product and I have no confidence in their company as a result . I will never , ever buy from Panasonic again !! I would n't if I were you either !
 Spent a lot of extra money on new batteries for the main and remote units but they failed to hold a charge too for any longer than 20 minutes.There is no warning that the battery is low and that the line will disconnect at any moment . Do n't buy this system . I need to buy a set of phones that does n't get old after 3 months of use .
 Before I mention some of the phone 's good qualities , I must state that I too have horrible battery life . This phone , even after replacing the battery , will only stay on for 10-20 minutes . If you leave it off the charger overnight , the next day it will be dead.The phone , when it does work , has good sound quality during calls . The plastic buttons are large but they are too smooth and slippery . I would prefer a more silicone-like material and grip to them . Menu system is easy to use . If it were n't for that major battery problem , this could be a 4 or 5 star phone . This phone should come w / a corded phone to use while your phone is charging .
 I agree completely with everyone 's assessment of the battery life on the handset . I rarely have the handset off the cradle , and if I am lucky , I can get the handset battery to last 35 minutes . Another thing that irks me about the battery life is , the handset will show full-charge in the battery meter , and then 2 seconds later , it 's beeping and the battery meter is flashing because it 's about to die . It 's all or nothing.The features of the phone are good , but the battery life gives frustration on this nearly $ 200 phone .
 If you are palnning to buy this phone for it 's rich features , think twice about it 's poor or no battery life . I own the phone for the past 7 months . Most of the time , handset is unusable ; it takes 15 hours to charge , but a talk time of 45 to 60 minutes makes the battery to completely discharge .
 Initially I thought this was a great phone with nice features . The first problem was that it would n't charge . Panasonic support said they would send new batteries in 2 days . A week later I got an envelope with 2 pieces of velco to put in the battery compartment . There was no explanation of why the velcro instead of batteries . Range was poor , sound was scratchy . It took it back for a refund .
 I have had this phone for over 2 years now . I already replaced the first one I purchased thinking that it was a defective unit . Now I have already replaced the battery in my 2 handsets . What bother me the most about this phone is that the batter indicator shows full battery and I soon as I received a call and try to answer it go dead on me . So I go running around the house looking for other phones to answer my call before the VM picks up . When the phone work which is right after recharging the battery , it is good . I love the speaker phone and the LCD which are the main reasons I bought this phone.Anyway , I wo n't suggest this phone to anyone . I am now researching another phones because I am just sick of it .
 Worked -LRB- OK -RRB- for a couple months . Batteries got progressively short charge . Display is so small and poorly lit . Tried to contact tech support - no response . Hard to find a good pickle !
 This phone has a lot of features . It means well but fails in execution . The range is not all that good and the battery performance is dreadful .
 Very disappointed with this phone - after about a month , the display died and only comes on once in a blue moon . So much for caller ID . Also , after about 6 months , the battery stopped holding a charge very long . I considered getting another expandable handset , but I ended up buying a different phone .
 I had read the reviews of this phone before I purchased it and I was aware of the problems with the batteries . However , I loved the features and thought it otherwise met my needs perfectly . I decided to give it a try and I bought the regular unit and two additional handsets.For about the first four months that I owned this phone I loved it . It worked flawlessly and I could talk for over an hour at a time on the batteries . As time went on , the battery life deteriorated to where I could not talk for more than 15 minutes . The speaker phone and intercom features that I initially loved are useless because the batteries NEVER have enough power for them to work . When someone calls in , the caller is often cut off when I try to answer the phone and I have to call them back from my corded phone.At this point in time , I basically use the phone as a portable Caller I.D. unit to see who is calling , then I walk over to where my corded phone is to answer . I am now faced with the decision of buying new batteries for my handsets and trying again , or throwing the whole thing away and buying something else.If you are considering this phone , I encourage you to look for something else .
 We ordered the base unit and two additional handsets , and within a month ALL units had to be returned to Panasonic at our expense.The basic unit could not be taken off of speaker phone and the displays for the two handsets went blank.We returned all units to Panasonic only to back refurbished sets , with the additional handsets still having displays which were blank . Panasonic wants us to again send the refurbished handsets back at our expense.After reading all of the horrible reviews about these units on your site , I just do n't know if owning this product is worth all of the trouble . I understand from reading the other reviews that the blank display might be caused from a low battery problem . -LRB- Althought the handset shows that the battery is fully charged-and still shows no display . -RRB- The tech support at Panasonic never mentioned to me that a low battery would cause a blank display , but the instruction booklet mentioned this in the troubleshooting section of the base unit manual.So after reading your review site , and the troubleshooting section in the base unit manual , I will order new batteries to see if this fixes the blank display problem on the additional handsets . And who know what caused the base set speakerphone problems.Still , if I had to do it all over again , I would not buy this product or recommend it to anyone . It has been a time consuming nightmare . A real can of worms .
 This phone has a lot of great features BUT the battery situation is what makes it a bad investment . The batteries in this phone do not hold a charge . They recommend that you do not put your phone down on the charger until it needs to be recharged otherwise it will lose it 's ability to keep a charge . Believe them . I have replaced batteries already and the same thing is happening to the second set . I am looking to replace the whole system with another company . Hundreds of dollars down the drain .
 Am interested in getting this phone system , but the battery problem seems to be the major issue . I found a NiMH 1200 mah replacement battery ... . this should work better than the NiCad , but I have not tried it yet . Panasonic has no NiMH listed on there ... `` Telephone Battery Cross Reference Chart '' for this phone . As the phone otherwise would suit the purpose and have had reasonable use from an older 900 mhz pan , I may give it a try - I 'll report back .
 I strongly agree with all the people having battery problems . I purchased this model less than a year ago . I started facing battrey problems just after a month . With a full charge it last for less than 10 minutes . I also have an additioal set that has the same problem .
 Amazon.com has a great price on this phone . I bought it and just spent several hours setting it up . I found that the electronic menu would be impossible for a non-tech person to deal with . Manual volume and ring settings would be useful -LRB- this is all electronic menu driven -RRB- . Once set up my trial calls to leave messages did not always get recorded . Since I am using this for my business I can not afford to have messages lost . This machine just does n't make the grade .
 I have had this phone system for 6 months and would rate it higher except for the multiple problems I have had with this phone . The features are great and the sound the clarity is good . However , I have the same issues with the battery life as many others have reported.I have 3 handsets in all -LRB- one with the base/answering machine and 2 extra handsets -RRB- . On two of the handsets , I have a continually dwindling battery life . Several calls to customer service have not helped -- they seem to be unaware of the battery issues . They offered for me to return the phones for repair , but I am certain the problem is due to battery `` memory '' and they will not just replace the batteries for me -LRB- even with the phone under warranty -RRB- . They insist I have to send in the phones . That means I will be without my phone system for a few weeks . The phones used to work well , but over the past few weeks the symptoms have worsened . I am at the point where I can hardly use the phones.This is what happens :1 -RRB- After one or two short phone calls , the battery completely discharges and is not back to a full charge for hours as previously reported by others .2 -RRB- Countless times I have been cut off in the middle of conversations -LRB- including one to Panasonic customer service -- after waiting on hold for 15 minutes , I had to call back on another phone and wait again . -RRB- Usually this happens without the low battery warning .3 -RRB- I can be in the middle of a conversation , and with the least little jostle of the phone -LRB- or the accidental pressing of a random button -RRB- , the connection is lost and the battery display then shows low battery . The phone has to be recharged before I can use it again.I think it is totally impractical to have to leave a phone out of the charger until it `` asks '' to be recharged so it wo n't develop a memory . -LRB- I want to know where the phone is plus I do n't want extra clutter of having to place the handset elsewhere on the desk ! -RRB- However , now that my phone batteries have developed short `` memories '' , I ca n't leave the phone out of the charger at all or else the battery discharges even faster.The other problem I had was that my display on one of the phones went black and I had to return it for replacement . They sent me a refurbished phone . That phone is working okay at the moment.I would be interested in finding out about the Nickel Metal Hydride battery -LRB- vs. the NiCad -RRB- but Panasonic is no help on this.It is too bad this phone has these battery problems . Otherwise it would be a great system .
 I PURCHASED THIS PANASONIC CORDLESS STRICTLY ON REPUTATION.THIS TELEPHONE COULD BE AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT , IF IT WERE NOT FOR THE FAILURE OF THE CHARGING SYSTEM & BATTERIES THAT IT UTILIZES.THIS PHONE IS USELESS FOR OTHER THAN SHORT & FEW CONVERSATIONS.THE NI-CAD BATTERIES ARE TERRIBLE & LAST ONLY A SHORT TIME . PANASONIC LIED ABOUT THE 11 DAY STANDBY & 3.5 HOURS TALK TIMETHE TRUTH IS 6 HOURS STANDBY & 1/2 HOUR TALK TIME & NO SPARE BATTERY CHARGING ABILITY . NOTHING !! -LSB- . -RSB- NOW I HAVE THREE HANDSETS & THE BASE TELEPHONE & MY ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TOSS IT AWAY & START OVER . THE SIEMENS I HAD PREVIOUSLY WAS EXCELLENT ON BATTERIES USAGE , BUT IT HAD RECEPTION PROBLEMS , SIEMENS UTILIZES NICKLE METAL HYDRIDE RECHARGABLES . IT ALSO HAD THE ABILITY TO CHANGE BATTERIES.PANASONIC , LIKE MANY OTHER COMPANIES REALLY STICK IT TO YOU BY MAKING YOU BUY THEIR BATTERIES , WHICH ALWAYS REQUIRE REPLACEMENTS.STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE , OR YOU TOO WILL BE FOOLED
 I have had this phone for about a year and a half . I love the functionality but if you ca n't use it because the battery is always dying , then all the cool functions are useless . Read the other reviews ... all the reviews about terrible battery life are true . I have literally had the phone die on me less than 5 minutes into a call , even after the handset had been sitting in the cradle overnight.I also often get the message `` No Link to Base , Move Closer '' even when I 'm standing 2 feet away from the base.Another frustrating thing that happens every now and then -- the phone is ringing and I try to answer it but the phone displays the message , `` The system is busy , '' and the call goes to the answering machine.I also think the voice quality on the answering machine is poor . It is difficult to understand a message unless someone speaks loudly and clearly into the phone when leaving their message.Again , echoing other reviews -- Panasonic customer service has been no help at all on the battery issue . I 'm ready to trash the phone but having a hard time after spending over $ 200 on the base and extra handset.Bottom line -- I would absolutely discourage anyone from buying this phone .
 I 've had this phone for about a year or less now and the battery life to this phone is really bad . I 've followed the direction on how long to charge and when to charge it , yet the phone 's battery still dies . For me the battery last 's up to 45 minutes than it dies . So I have to wait another 6-8 hours of whatever it is to use the phone again after re-charge . Customers beware of this product . If only I could give this phone negative stars I would .
 The phone sounds like a great buy
 I 've had my phone for several years . The base unit audio quality is good , but battery life is about 20 minutes ... even when replacement battary is installed . Use of speakerphone in base unit cuts off the phone . The second cordless unit works flawlessly ; has a good range ... but your callers have trouble hearing you ... and many times you ca n't hear the caller . I continue to use the Panasonic because the AT&T system I had purchased before from Staples crapped out within two weeks ... and the attitude of the customer service folks was disgusting ... and the cost of repair or replacement was more expensive than the purchase price . At least the Panasonic keeps working .
 These phones seemed to be exactly what we needed , but it has n't worked out well at all . Within days of purchase problems began ... each handset recorded different incoming calls -LRB- some calls appeared on all handsets , other calls on only some , etc. -RRB- After other inconsistent problems , I tried to contact Panasonic , which I 've discovered has about the worst customer support as any company I 've come across . I tried their web site and found no troubleshooting information . I repeatedly called their customer support line -LRB- I mean for days -RRB- without getting through . When I finally reached someone , she took the information and said someone would call me back within 48 hours . EIGHT DAYS LATER , I finally got through again to say no one had contacted me and the problems were worse . Again , no response . So I took the base unit back to Circuit City and they gave me a new one -LRB- which helped for about a week , then the problems resurfaced and now are getting worse with time.When brand new , the batteries seemed to hold a charge as advertised . But now I literally get a ten minute call in and the phone is dead and must completely recharge . To make it more frustrating , it shows three bars on the display and then blanks out -LRB- unusable -RRB- from one second to the next with no warning.Yesterday , one of the eight handset 's display went black and now wo n't even recharge at all.The phones are less than a year old and the system is worthless . Unless Panasonic has done some major reworking of these phones , I would stay away .
 I have two cordless handsets and replaced the batteries . They constantly lose connection to the base set and the batteries from being new , wear down very , very , very fast . This phone can not hold a candle to the preceeding product , the 2000B , but the CWID broke on that phone when still under an extended warranty . This phone is a POS !
 Sound quality is bad , speaker phone is barely existant ! It does have a good walking range on it though . Paid way too much for this hunk of junk , paint started flaking off after the second or third month also . Just simply a bad phone , not going near Panosonic for a long time !
 I have base + phone and one extra handset.After using intensively for 6 months , one phone can only be used for 2 minutes , the other for 30 minutes and going down.Very disappointed that Panasonic puts out a low quality product like this .
 I 've gradually coming to the conclusion that it 's impossible to buy a genuinely high-quality , two-line phone . This particular model makes me want to give up on buying telephones altogether , and revert back to my rotary phone , or two Dixie Cups and a string.Not only is the sound quality poor , but the batteries are horrible . I have two phones , and the battery life of each one is about 15-20 minutes , tops . I work from home , and by 11 a.m. , both phones are usually shot -- forcing me to use my cell phone or , yes , hook up my old rotary phone . I just begrudgingly bought two new batteries
 To put this into perspective , I have owned cordless telephones for over a decade , since they first came out.I 've owned my KX-TG2740S for about four months now . It is a wonderful , feature-rich phone system , but it 's useless because the battery is so bad . With all the complaints about this , I ca n't believe that Panasonic wo n't wake up and do something -LRB- other than to suggest sending the whole system back for them to look at , which means going without a phone ! -RRB- . This is what happens :1 -RRB- The phone spends most of it 's life in the charger . All night and most of the day while I 'm away at work .2 -RRB- After one or two short phone calls , the battery level indicator suddenly drops from fully charged to 1 bar . I put it back in the charger and it takes hours to recharge as previously reported by others .3 -RRB- If I do n't watch carefully , I 'll suddenly be cut off during a conversation and the phone will go dead with no warning . The phone has to be recharged before I can use it again.I think it is totally impractical to have to leave a phone out of the charger until it `` asks '' to be recharged so it wo n't develop a memory , especially since it lasts such a short time when talking.It 's a shame this phone has battery problems . Otherwise it would be a great system .
 I concur with everyone else 's assesement of low battery life and poor caller ID function . We have also experienced the people we are talking can hardly hear us . They always must ask us to speak up.We called Panasonic support about the battery life issue and they told us it was not Panasonic 's problem . It was the battery and they were not under warranty . After replacing the battery three times , we were fed up and called Panasonic support back to complain -LRB- after a half day of trying to get through -RRB- they offered to replace it with a refurbished unit . The only problem was they wanted us to ship the whole phone back before they would send us a replacement !! It would take 1 to 2 weeks ! How can they expect us to do without a phone for that long ?? I was waiting for them to offer to call us when it was ready.Anyway , because of the poor product quality and terrible service and support , I will not purchase another Panasonic product .
 Bought the phone and 2 handsets . Same battery problems as everybody . The battery lasts only for a 30min call or something . But the worst is here : Often this sh.t dies and the display shows `` NO LINK TO BASE . WALK CLOSER AND TRY AGAIN '' even if you are NEAR the base.Other problem : Only one `` low battery warning '' beep ... so if it sounds you have to run to get the other handset or you will lose the call.I said I 'll never buy any other Panasonic TV but with this I WONT BUY ANY OTHER PANASONIC DEVICE
 Many seem to be concerned about interferences with their 2.4 GHz WLAN . I operated my WLAN access point 6 feet away from the base station of this phone for 6 months and did not experience any noticable problems or performance issues . However , I do have interferences with my X10 wireless camera that make my surveillance system practically unusable . Nobody tells you about that . There are just too many devices on the market that operate in the 2.4 GHz band.Therefore , this phone has to go in exchange for a 5.8 GHz model -LRB- unfortunately , there are no 2-line phones on the market yet in the 5.8 GHz segment -RRB- . I was reasonably satisfied with the features , although I do agree with some of the other reviewers that the directory is too complicated to search .
 I have never written a review on anything , but I am so unhappy with this phone and the support Ive gotten from Panasonic that I am moved to review it . The battery lasts for only a few quick calls before the phone goes dead . If you let the battery TOTALLY discharge and then change it for a full day you can get a few hours out of it , but make the mistake of putting it in the cradle before that point and your done . Once you do that the phone loses all sense of what a full charge is and refuses to take a charge even once the phone dies . The caller id is slow as others have mentioned , however its the unsuable battery life and the poor way that the battery is managed that makes this phone such a piece of garbage . I have two handsets and consistently run up large cell phone bills because I find my self in a position where both handsets are useless . If I didnt waste so much money on this I would throw it in the garbage . Oh and btw , you cant buy better batteries ... period ... also . . Calling panasonic is about as usefull as the phone itself .
 I 've been trying to use this phone for more than a year and it has brought me nothing but grief . Believe what you read in the other reviews here . It needs recharging after just an hour or two of use , and the display frequently conks out . More often than not , the caller ID fails to work . I 've called Panasonic customer service frequently , and the staff has been rude and not helpful at all . Staff members act as if no one else is having any problem whatsoever with the phone -LRB- although the reviews at amazon.com certainly suggest something to the contrary -RRB- . Today , was the last straw . The phone conked out and the handset refused to recharge . I finally flung it across the room in a fit of a temper and smashed it into a dozen pieces . Tomorrow , I 'm going to take a hammer and smash the base . Yes , I 'm going to be out almost $ 200 , but I 'm going to get a great deal of satisfaction out of destroying this piece of crap . My advice
 This is the second Panasonic cordless phone we 've purchased in the last two years and they 've both been terrible . The battery life is very poor . The phone goes dead and has to be completely recharged if you try to use the speaker phone feature . If it 's off it 's cradle for more than an hour the battery only lasts 15 minutes . Panasonic would not replace either phone we purchased . They had very poor customer support .
 I had a earlier model so I thought when it was time to get a new one I would purchase another Brother . I bought this one for our home office because it said it had 10 page faxing ability . The print quality is the same as the previous model , which is low , but standard for fax machines . The trouble is , if you want to fax multiple pages , the machine jams . You need to stand there , when it is faxing , to make sure the paper is feeding straight . I have found it impossible to fax more than 3 pages at one time and even with this the paper jams .
 I have only used this fax for about 2 months and it does a terrible job sending . I do n't fax a lot , maybe 2-10 pages per day . It always jams and has trouble feeding my faxes through , irritating !!
 Mine was working fine until I had to replace the carbon film the first time . Then the 1-year old unit simply quitted working . Normally I am quite good at figuring out mechanical problems by myself . Not this one.Then I found out there are unlimited supply of Remanufactured Brother 1270E fax machines . How could so many units need to be repaired?I am a non-Japanese Asian who likes Japanese quality stuff . This model ruins my confidence in Japanese product .
 We have this machine in a public library where we send faxes for both patrons and ourselves . This machine has been trouble since Day One . I have called Brother 's customer service , and they were no help . The machine jams constantly . To send ANY fax , we have to stand over the machine and babysit it to make sure the paper feeds correctly . It just will not consistently feed straight . Every once in a while it works beautifully , but most of the time my staff is really frustrated when they `` get '' to send a fax for someone . Stay away from this machine . The price may be right , but you will pay out the wazoo with frustration .
 Never been more disappointed in a fax before ... and never had the problems this one has given with other machines . Most faxes sent are only 1 page but it is almost guaranteed that it will take several attempts , lots of luck , and several minutes on average to get a fax through without it being jammed , turned sideways , or just plain not going through . If a negative 5 star rating were available , that 's where this one would belong ... bummer .
 Abhorrent machine . Paper jams from day one even after calls to support . The Brother printer I have -LRB- TN-420 -RRB- is just fine so why ca n't their fax feed paper as well .
 Do not waste your money on this machine . I have had the machine less than a year and have had trouble faxing from the beginning . The machine is under warranty but Brother will not replace the machine . When working on the phone with Brother , they had me make copies of blank pages to try and get it to duplicate the problem . It did not . It only ran my machine out of ribbon . Once it was out of ribbon , the tech could not help me anymore . I ordered more ribbon and sent a fax . It jammed and I called customer service . She instructed me to remove the jam and make a copy . I refused to waste another roll of ribbon . So , they could not help me . Do n't buy it !
 This fax machine has given us nothing but trouble.It jams repeatedly , and that creates a lot of wasted time and effort.It jams so frequently that you have to stand over it and monitor every individual page being faxed to make sure it goes through . Even then , we often find ourselves having to make 3 or 4 attempts before it faxes without jamming.We had a 2800 Intellifax , which worked great . When it wore out , we replaced it with this machine . We should have stuck with that model for our replacement .
 The Brother 1270e Fax machine is always jamming . Extremely slow and usually have to make several attemtps at sending a fax before it connects and sends the message . Do n't consider this one .
 I 've had this product for 2 years at home and it is lightly used . When the print was light and there was a black line vertically down the page , I assumed it was time for a new printer cartridge . I bought and installed a new one with no improvement . Talked with Brother on phone , cleaned roller . Was referred to local repair shop and it will cost more to diagnose and repair than replace . What a piece of junk !!
 I used to have this fax machine at my former office and it was a great piece of office equipment . When I went to my present place of employment , they used the same fax machine and it worked splendidly for about three and a half years . Then it broke down and was replaced with the same model . Only this new machine was endlessly frustrating . When trying to fax something , it would invariably skew the paper and then jam . It could take fifteen minutes to do a simple 1 or 2 page fax job . After several months of trying to work with this machine , we changed it for a new copy of the same model , and guess what -- we have the exact same problem ! The new fax machine also skews and jams paper . I have no choice , having received 2 lemons in a row to conclude that this model has gone downhill in quality . Not recommended .
 I saw it on sale for $ 53.39 , next day the price went up . I told my friend about the price , he gave me a check for me to go ahead and buy the item since he does not have a computer . When I came home to purchase it , the price was WAY UP to $ 89 ??? What 's up with that ~ !???
 I ordered some of these for my home and classroom . The first shipment was of very poor quality . The bookends had scratches , missing coating , dried globs of coating , and two were bent . I returned them for replacements . Some of the replacements were fine , and some were as bad as the ones in the first shipment . In additon , one had a dark reddish stain on it that looked like it could be dried blood . I was told to return them for a refund . I wrapped the stained one in a plastic bag and put a warning label on it when I returned them . I kept the good quality ones , and I like them a lot . I was shocked at the condition of the ones I had to return . I give two stars for the good quality of those I kept and ease of return -LRB- amazon provided prepaid labels both times -RRB- , but I would never buy these again . I also bought the regular ones -LRB- not nonskid -RRB- in 9 and 5 inch sizes , in the same tan color , and had no problems with those types at all .
 Beware dont buy this product , very low quality , the seam is very thin and cant handle the papers you put in them , tore the first time i used i , very un happy !
 Beware dont buy this product , very low quality , the seam is very thin and cant handle the papers you put in them , tore the first time i used i , very un happy !
 I was so excited to get these folders , until I opened the box . These files have only ONE tab stop per color . Red and purple files have tabs on the right . Yellow and orange have tabs in the middle position only . Blue and green have tabs on the left . So if you were planning to use the colors to identify your files by category , you ca n't . Oh and a word of warning on the colors too
 I was so excited to get these folders , until I opened the box . These files have only ONE tab stop per color . Red and purple files have tabs on the right . Yellow and orange have tabs in the middle position only . Blue and green have tabs on the left . So if you were planning to use the colors to identify your files by category , you ca n't . Oh and a word of warning on the colors too
 Beware dont buy this product , very low quality , the seam is very thin and cant handle the papers you put in them , tore the first time i used i , very un happy !
 I bought this machine on August 3 , 2005 and within one week of using it -LRB- as an outgoing fax only -RRB- , there was a machine error . I called customer service and after being on hold for 23 minutes I was able to speak with a live representative . I was told that the machine would need to be replaced . They sent me a REFURBISHED unit -LRB- the warranty indicates that any replacement units will be refurbished units -RRB- . They sent the base unit only , so I had to remove the drum unit , paper tray , and handset from the original fax machine to use with the replacement unit . So , after only a couple of hours of using the replacement unit , I was back on hold to report another machine error . 12 minutes and I finally get a rep. Apparently , the drum unit -LRB- which is less than one month old -RRB- is bad . So now I 'm waiting for the replacement drum unit . DO N'T EVER BUY A BROTHER MACHINE . THEY 'RE HORRIBLE MACHINES AND TRYING TO GET THROUGH TO CUSTOMER SERVICE IS VERY , VERY TIME CONSUMING .
 I love the product but the package is taking to long to ship . Please let me know what the issue is . thank you.Thank you.Karla .
 I have been using these types of files for many years in offices and at home . They are indespensable along with regular capacity Pendaflex folders for maintaining files . However , it seems that Pendaflex has recently significantly reduced the quality of the materials used to the point of making them flimsy and not functional . When these folders are loaded the metal bars bow and bend making them hard to handle . The bars are so thin that they act like a knife edge and cut into the file drawer rails instead of sliding along them as is needed . Older Pendaflex folders I have still slide fine along the rails . Also , the paper material of the new folders is considerable thinner than the old folders and I doubt they will last as long as the older , better made folders . I will not buy these folders again and am looking for a studier replacement .
 I ordered this item because I definitely wanted the Infopocket . I use this to store smaller items within the customer file and not lose them at the bottom of the file folder . THREE times Amazon.com has sent the folders NOT containing the Infopocket . The Pendflex website does decribe them with the infopocket so I am assuming they are still manufactured . I am getting tired of sending back these incorrect items .
 These folders do not have the Infopocket as described . Priced fairly I guess , but I returned them because I wanted the Infopocket type .
 The box was missing four of the 25 promised folders . The folders did not have the `` Infopocket '' either . Other reviewers have also noticed this .
 Just like the other reviewer , the box was missing folders . In my case there were only 20 instead of 25 .
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 The folders I received did not have the Infopocket as described . Seemed okay otherwise , but I returned them because I want the Infopocket type .
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 I bought it from amazon , which i trust the best ; however , I make me so disappointed after I received the product . So low quality products . YOU can spend the same price in office depose near you for a much better one .
 These seem sturdy enough , and basic black , but I was inclined to count the contents since other reviewers mentioned getting shorted . They were right ! I ordered two boxes , one had 25 , but the other 24 ! What 's up with that ?
 These folders do not have the Infopocket as described . Priced fairly I guess , but I returned them because I wanted the Infopocket type .
 The box was missing four of the 25 promised folders . The folders did not have the `` Infopocket '' either . Other reviewers have also noticed this .
 Just like the other reviewer , the box was missing folders . In my case there were only 20 instead of 25 .
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 The folders I received did not have the Infopocket as described . Seemed okay otherwise , but I returned them because I want the Infopocket type .
 These folders do not have the Infopocket as described . Priced fairly I guess , but I returned them because I wanted the Infopocket type .
 The box was missing four of the 25 promised folders . The folders did not have the `` Infopocket '' either . Other reviewers have also noticed this .
 Just like the other reviewer , the box was missing folders . In my case there were only 20 instead of 25 .
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 The folders I received did not have the Infopocket as described . Seemed okay otherwise , but I returned them because I want the Infopocket type .
 These folders do not have the Infopocket as described . Priced fairly I guess , but I returned them because I wanted the Infopocket type .
 The box was missing four of the 25 promised folders . The folders did not have the `` Infopocket '' either . Other reviewers have also noticed this .
 Just like the other reviewer , the box was missing folders . In my case there were only 20 instead of 25 .
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 The folders I received did not have the Infopocket as described . Seemed okay otherwise , but I returned them because I want the Infopocket type .
 These folders do not have the Infopocket as described . Priced fairly I guess , but I returned them because I wanted the Infopocket type .
 The box was missing four of the 25 promised folders . The folders did not have the `` Infopocket '' either . Other reviewers have also noticed this .
 Just like the other reviewer , the box was missing folders . In my case there were only 20 instead of 25 .
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 The folders I received did not have the Infopocket as described . Seemed okay otherwise , but I returned them because I want the Infopocket type .
 I have used Pendaflex file folders for at least 20 years . The quality of these file folders has dramatically declined . The file folders do not slide back and forth like the ones from many years ago . I ca n't tell if it is thinner metal hangers or what . I called the company and their customer service said that they are not made like they used to be.Time to look at other brands ...
 A hanging folder is simplistic so any issue is unacceptable . The price of the product is the best however for a good reason . The quality of this hanging folder is terrible . Right out of the box which is so flismy they files are falling out of the box itself many of the folders are starting to fall apart as well where the metal bar runs across . I have to run tape along the top fold on each folder to ensure it does not come apart . The glue used on the folder is either worthless or they did n't apply an adequate amount . For such a cheap , simple product what is the point of a warranty ? I would have to spend $ 5 to ship these $ 10 folders to the manufacturer for a warranty replacement and hope it will be replaced not to mention time is money . To the manufacturer just get it right and there is no need for some worthless warranty .
 I bought it from amazon , which i trust the best ; however , I make me so disappointed after I received the product . So low quality products . YOU can spend the same price in office depose near you for a much better one .
 These seem sturdy enough , and basic black , but I was inclined to count the contents since other reviewers mentioned getting shorted . They were right ! I ordered two boxes , one had 25 , but the other 24 ! What 's up with that ?
 I ordered one box of the orange , one box of the red , and one box of the bright green . Just received the boxes today , when I opened the shipping box , the product was worn out looking -LRB- like it 's been in their supply cabinet for their use -RRB- also the sides were split where the glue holds the boxes together . Since the boxes looked so worn out I decided to count the bright green since that box was the most damaged . I 'm glad I did . To my surprise 24 ! This is clearly marked 25 ... hmmm so I counted several more times just to make sure and 24 . Went to the red one ... 25 but no tabs and inserts which are supposed to be included ... Looked at the orange ... had the tabs just like the bright green but only 24 ... counted it several times 24 ... Called right away . . I just wanted to get 2008 filed away now I must wait for amazon to mail me replacements -LRB- which I hope the count is 25 and includes tabs in each one -RRB- and mail these back to them . . I hope they provide me postage because they do weight a bit . This is not worth it since the vendor is amazon.com you get reduced shipping but a little light in the count ... I ordered some file folders from the pendaflex company and they got the count right ! Why ca n't amazon !!!! I 'll keep you posted on the out come of the replacements and returning of the boxes that did not contain everything !
 These Pendaflex Extra Capacity Hanging Expansion Folders , model number 04152X1 , are disappointing.As years go by the quality erodes for many products . Things are designed wear out as soon as feasible . Pendaflex folders used to be very nice quality . This current generation of Pendaflex appear to be made by the lowest Chinese bidder.The old Pendaflex folders were sturdier and had a better quality of paper . The metal hangers were a stronger gauge.The pressboard bottom needs to be installed by the user in a cut-out at the bottom , a really junky construction . One should expect a built-in reinforced bottom.There is no info-pocketOffice Depot no longer offers Pendaflex . The Office Depot store brand is even shoddier quality . I guess the Office Depot low price for junk has pressured Pendaflex to lower its price and the quality in order to compete.On the other hand , it does not appear that anyone else now makes a better quality product .
 I would have purchased this item if it was offered in different colors . I need to have folders that are easily identified from one another and , unfortunately , this does not meet that criteria .
 I purchased this item thinking it was a 10 pack . Good deal Huh ? Well that 's what I thought . Turns out it is only 1 folder . Called Office Depot and the were unwilling to compensate .
 This is a great design concept , but with all the weight of the folder contents , the bottom needs stronger accordion material to support the generally heavier contents . The material used for the front and back portions -LRB- the outer construction -RRB- is the same weight as other model without the hanging tabs . Because the material is not heavier , the folders bow and sag in the file drawer . This is a great concept , but the material is not strong enough to last over time , especially with the in an out frequency of this type of hanging file .
 I purchased this item thinking it was a 10 pack . Good deal Huh ? Well that 's what I thought . Turns out it is only 1 folder . Called Office Depot and the were unwilling to compensate .
 I have complained several times about not receiving this item . Please check it out for me.Thanks , Ruth Manning
 A friend of ours had this door stop at their apartment and it looked great , felt heavy , and most importantly was able to hold their door open . So I ordered it for our apartment door.I was hopeful because in the description it said it was good for industrial doors as well as regular apartment doors . Our apartment door is particularly heavy because of a strong mechanism for automatically shutting the door.Well this Blomus door stop did not stand a chance . It just jumped up and down as the door steadily pushed it to a close . So sad : -LRB- The construction , otherwise , seemed nice , but it was not able to grip the hardwood floor at all and was far too light weight for our modern high rise apartment door .
 I was so excited when I saw these door stops because anything I had used before did not hold our office doors open . When I received them in the mail , and felt how heavy they were , I thought for sure they would work!Unfortunately , they did not hold the door open without another rubber stopper stuck under the door , so now I have to use both .
 Perhaps I 'm expecting too much , but I 'd really expected better from Pendaflex . Calling these folders `` box bottom '' is , at best , misleading . The bottoms offer no support whatsoever and the cardboard reinforcement strips they give you are totally worthless . End result is that the bottoms sag enough that the folders drag on the bottom of the drawer .
 I have been using these types of files for many years in offices and at home . They are indespensable along with regular capacity Pendaflex folders for maintaining files . However , it seems that Pendaflex has recently significantly reduced the quality of the materials used to the point of making them flimsy and not functional . When these folders are loaded the metal bars bow and bend making them hard to handle . The bars are so thin that they act like a knife edge and cut into the file drawer rails instead of sliding along them as is needed . Older Pendaflex folders I have still slide fine along the rails . Also , the paper material of the new folders is considerable thinner than the old folders and I doubt they will last as long as the older , better made folders . I will not buy these folders again and am looking for a studier replacement .
 I ordered this item because I definitely wanted the Infopocket . I use this to store smaller items within the customer file and not lose them at the bottom of the file folder . THREE times Amazon.com has sent the folders NOT containing the Infopocket . The Pendflex website does decribe them with the infopocket so I am assuming they are still manufactured . I am getting tired of sending back these incorrect items .
 The cost was too high for the quality and took a very long time to receive the item .
 This is a total waste of money . It takes up more desk space than it supposedly saves . It weighs a ton , is difficult to adjust , ugly as ... well , fill in your own word .
 I bought this shredder for home use because of the cross-cutting and capacity for 5 sheets at a time . Well , it does cross-cut as promised , but good luck getting more than 2 sheets through at once . Maybe Fellowes meant 5 sheets of tissue paper . I would n't dare run a staple through despite Fellowes ' claims that you can . The shredder automatically runs for 2 sec . after the paper has run through , to help clear the cutters , but after running a dozen sheets through -- one sheet at a time -- there was a massive clump of shredded paper jammimg the cutters on the underside . I do n't need to shred a lot of paper , but even for small quantities , this machine just does n't cut it -- literally . Spend a little more and buy something more heavy-duty than this little puppy .
 I can not imagine there being a worse shredder than the Fellowes OD500C . A pair of cheap scissors would shred faster once you factor in the time spent clearing the jammed mass of paper that will accumulate after only 3 or 4 sheets of paper are fed through one at a time . I have no idea why , but paper circles back up into the blades creating a tightly bound mass that shuts the motor off . It is terribly annoying , and to make matters worse , little bits of paper gets everywhere when you try to free the mess from the blades . Avoid this shredder like the plague . I wish there were negative stars .
 Loud and does not come close to its advertised spec of being able to shred 7 pieces of paper at once . It actually has difficulty with 3 pages of standard printer paper . -LRB- Could it be that the spec refers to tissue paper ? -RRB- So after about two years of light home office use , it is now dead . Is that all that one can expect from a Fellowes shredder ?
 This shredder is ok for very light use , but even moderate use overloads it . We shred all all our junk mail , and that often overloads this shredder . It overheats easily and is slow . Our died after about three years . Buy this only if you have very light shredding needs . Otherwise , get something a lot heavier duty that will last .
 This paper shredder does not live up to its specs . In addition , I talked with Fellowes to get a replacement part -LRB- small Nylon gear wheel -RRB- to fix my shredder and was told that this item is obsolete and is not manufactured any longer . It lasted about 15 months with light use and then crapped the bed . 1 star is being too generous for this item .
 I would have given it 4 stars but the poor customer service from Fellowes marked it down . Cost vs performance , product is good . ` Customer Care ' A true measure is when one has problems with the product and how the Co. responds . Fellowes does NOT stand behind their product . The 5 Year Cutter warranty given by them is not worth the cardboard it is printed on . 18 months in and I am having problem with the cutters . Fellowes throws in a host of excuses and is unhelpful . I now have a piece of $ 99 -LRB- when I purchased it -RRB- junk.I would have gladly come to some resolution that even require me to pay for a repair . But , no , they will not or can not help , thus Fellowes OD1200 has to be thrown in the garbage -LRB- their recommendation -RRB- Do your own homework/research . Fellowes does NOT stand behind their product .
 This credit card size micro PDA has a lot of functionality packed into it . The user interface is graphical , intuitive and efficient . The small screen has an Outstanding resolution making text and graphics appear smooth and sharp . With 2 MB of memory it can hold all most anything you can throw at it . The touch screen input makes navigation and data entry a snap . You can also download web content and additional applications . The Rex 6000 is simply a great little device ! -LRB- Five Stars -RRB- Unfortunately ... The synchronization software is very primitive and not nearly as polished or sophisticated as other synchronization packages . The supplied software does not install on Win 95 period . The synchronization does not support any PIM besides MS Outlook.The UI of the supporting software - intellisync the synchronization application and Rextools a utility application - is unattractive and unintuitive . The help files supplied are sparse and overly technical . It looks very much like a rushed job.The synchronization software does not appear support multiple data sources -LRB- such as Lotus Notes for work contacts and Yahoo for personal contacts -RRB- or directional synchronization . No utilities have been provided to support data backups.The supporting software looks and feels like a beta release at best . For example , in Rex tools there is a menu option for `` initilization '' . If this menu option is selected , all data in the Rex 6000 is erased to place it in the original manufacturer 's state . No warning is given about the potential lost of data ! -LRB- Zero Stars -RRB- The poor synchronization software significantly reduces the usefulness of the Rex 6000 . Proper synchronization is absolutely paramount in a business environment where contacts are maintained via groupware and meetings are organized and disseminated via groupware . Supplying such shoddy software makes the Rex 6000 mostly useless in such an environment .
 Even if the Rex 6000 turns out to be the best invention of mankind , I have to give it a 1-star rating due to Xircom 's -LRB- or Intel 's ? They just bought Xircom -RRB- failure to deliver , to keep promises and to provide adaquate customer support . Anyhow , if you would like to know what other people think , or if you are still waiting for your Rex to materialize , go to the Rex Rumor Central at http://www.linkmagnet.com/rex/rextalk.html .
 Funny you asked me to review this purchase . It was the first thing I ever purchased from Amazon ... and it does n't work ! I contacted the manufacturer . We ran a number of test on the product only to find out it was defective . I 'm sending it back directly to them . By the way , I have to pay for shipping to send it to them . It would be nice if Amazon offered to pick up that tab . Now I 'm not saying this was Amazon 's fault it does n't work , but I will have to say it may be a really long time before I order anything else from you guys.Thanks for asking my opinion .
 Before you decide to purchase a Rex 6000 , be aware that it has some major drawbacks that hide underneath its appealing size . Let me mention just two.One is the dependability of the device . The Rex is supposed to act as a mobile extension of your PIM , and you must be able to rely on its accuracy . In other words , what you see on your Rex must 100 % reflect what you see on your desktop PIM . The initial release of the Rex 6000 was disastrous in that respect
 Just got my new Rex 6000 and I 'm outraged . As a loyal Rex Pro owner who wanted to upgrade to the touchscreen model , I feel I have been left out high & dry , as will the majority who attempt this transition . The PIM included with the Rex 6000 is not compatible with the Starfish TrueSync software of the older models , which makes very difficult to use existing card files , memos and other data . In essence , you have to start over again and rewrite all your files , unless you want to try a complicated import/export operation through MS Outlook in order to transfer existing data from the TrueSync desktop to the new Rex 6000 desktop and device . But that 's not the worse . As it turns out , the PIM included with the Rex 6000 is far more primitive , user unfriendly , unintuitive and complicated than the Starfish . I would never buy it on a stand-alone basis . It 's lousy.This incompatibility took me completely by surprise , as the Rex 6000 literature and advertisements certainly do n't go out of the way to warn owners of the older models of the problem . Now that it is too late , and after re-reading the Rex 6000 specs , I can see that mention is made of a PIM included with the Rex 6000 that is different from the TrueSync of the older models . But it is unreasonable to expect people to assume that the software will be totally incompatible . It would be as if a Palm or Visor owner found out after buying the latest model that his existing software , operating system and files do not work with the new model , or could not be easily updated . You expect some continuity in a product line , unless you are clearly warned to the contrary . Not recommended .
 Great form factor , but many many problems . I agree with the earlier reviewer that the 5000 series is vastly superior . Not only is battery life better , but the screen is more legible -LRB- no touch screen -RRB- and the synchronization is much faster , as is general application speed.Oh , synchronization on the 6000 ... I never did get it to work right . Intellisync is just as bad on the Rex as it is on the Palm . You just ca n't trust it to keep your data in order . Truesync that is used with the 5000 works wonderfully well and has n't ever missed a beat.So , good idea for the 6000 , but I 'm afraid that the lowly 5000 is much more useful , useable and a better value to boot .
 IN a word . . this is a LEMON.sharp = lemonHey I bought this NEW unit for making just a few home copies.Quit ... after fifty copies . Cost $ 140 plus shipping to fix.I picked this unit based upon the recommendation of a copier repair person . He said this Sharp AL 1631 was a terrific reliable unit . He said he refills toners on other sharp copiers and this should have a refillable toner soon . ON THAT I HAVE NO CLUE . This piece of crap made less than 50 copies and quit . Never needed toner . Piece of crap did not last that long.The optics locked up . Code e7-02 . I bet I only made fifty copies . If this is a $ 400 copier -LRB- with shipping and tax -RRB- that means I paid eight dollars per black and white copy . That is crazy.Sharp Customer support told me for $ 140 plus shipping ... just give them my credit card number.No way would I spend more money on something that looks brand new but does not work . I am not sending SHARP anymore money.THIS IS A FRAUD.LEMON.I had a very hard time getting the error codes to blank out.Sharp customer support sucks.This is a TOTALLY garbage product.I called and told them I was unhappy.THEY HIDE THEIR CODES . . SO IT IS HARD TO SELF DIAGNOSE.I FEEL RIPPED OFF CHEATED ABUSED.I think this is a scam to get me to send this nearly new unit ... No wonder the repair man loved it . cha ching cha ching ...
 My office has been using this photocopier for about a year now . It 's in a 24/7 pharmacy so it 's being used constantly . I give it the two stars for being able to keep up with our demands , the speed is acceptable.During the past year it 's developed numerous problems . The machine has displayed system error messages on about 3 occasions and I had to call Sharp support and type in their secret button combinations to get it fixed . Sharp witholds troubleshooting information from their customers in order to benefit and secure their tech support department.Sharp gave us a refurbished replacement unit and it eventually started having the same problems . Now the machine makes a loud humming noise after every copy , though I suppose you can get used to the noise after a few months.The toner cartridge has also leaked inside the machine a few times , causing a big mess we had to vacuum up.It 's come time to replace this guy . I 'll be trying a different manufacturer , perhaps Brother or Canon .
 If you only need a copier for less than a year , and this is thecheapest copier you can find , this Sharp Al-1631 might work.After a year , and you ca n't get warranty work done any morethrow it in the trash , and buy a good copier - Not A Sharp!Also , Local Sharp service centers wo n't touch this thing.You have to send it in to Sharp , they will give you anotherrefurb . I bought a Canon to replace the Sharp , and never lookedback .
 Sharp has THE WORST service I have ever dealt with . I had the AL-1551 , and when I bought it I was told warranty would pay for repairs . What they instead do is send you a refurbished ... . the refurbished I got was worse that the broken one I had . I had to sue them to get my machine fixed , which only needed a plastic piece in the document feeder -LRB- probably cost them $ 5 in parts -RRB- . STAY AWAY
 Just got off the phone with Sharp . Have had a Sharp AL-1551CS for 2 years . Worked great then the Automatic Document Feeder broke . Called and asked if I could buy a new ADF . No way . For $ 275 plus shipping they will send me a refurbished copier but they do not release parts to the public . Guess I am now a loyal Sony or Canon cusotmer .
 I have a dental office ; so the copier gets occasional use -- about maybe 10 copies per day . In the beginning , the quality of the copies is good , but the start up time is consuming . After two years , the quality of the copies declined -- the ends of the page were illegible . Finding someone to service the machine was difficult . There were long waits on the phone with Sharp customer service . With so many other options -LRB- some of them with better longevity , more competitive pricing , and better customer support -RRB- , I would look into buying other alternatives .
 I have had my PS80C-2 for a little over 2 years . My cutterhead supposedly had a 20 year warranty . I regularly -LRB- every shredding session -RRB- oil the cutters with canola oil -LRB- recommended in the owner 's manual -RRB- and my useage is well below the claimed duty rating . Recently , the unit began to jam more frequently and the shreds started exiting as a single mass rather than as loose shreds . I called customer support and they had me inspect the bottom of the cutterhead for broken or missing plastic fingers . Several were missing . Even though these fingers are an integral part of the cutterhead and the cutter head wo n't function without them , Fellowes claims that they are not part of the cutterhead and that they are not covered by warranty . Still worse , they are not an available part so my only recourse -LRB- according to Fellowes -RRB- is to buy a new shredder ! Fellowes self-serving definition as to what is part of the `` cutterhead '' and what is not is at best dishonest . Do n't buy a Fellowes shredder for the warranty as they will define themselves out of honoring it . I did get a couple of years of use out of it though . So , if you can get a reconditioned unit really inexpensively , it might be worth a shot as a disposable product .
 Lousy product . Consistently jams and is impossible to clear out . Tried disassembling but is very difficult . Would not recommend .
 Please do n't spend your money here . It consistently jams after only a couple of sheets . With all the time I spent trying to unjam it , I 'd have been quicker to use a pair of scissors to cut the paper into strips ! : -LRB-
 I shred a lot of paper and this shredder is just the worst . It only handles 5 pages of regular stock paper and that only works -LRB- very slowly -RRB- if you put them in at an exact right angle . If even one piece of paper gets caught at an angle the whole system freezes up and you have to reverse or rip and cut out pieces of stray paper . It 's true that staples go right through the shredder without a problem , but it 's the consistent jamming that really made me nuts . Plus , the shredder sits precariously on top of the basket , so if you do n't align it just right on top of the basket , it falls in - its heavy . Really search around for a good shredder and make sure it shreds at least ten sheets of paper at a time . That 's a lot of time on your hands and a good shredder is well worth the cost .
 These are touted as fine tip , which is what I bought them for , but I can get a THINNER line from the corner of my chisel tip ~ I am not pleased at all by these markers with their fat round tip ~ they need to rename these as a medium point = I will not be purchasing anything further from Quartet
 I was very disappointed by these markers . They must have been very old or something because minutes after taking them out of the plastic , the ink seemed so faint and weak . The colors were incredibly faded and I was going to return them but just did n't have the energy . Total waste of money . Not pleased at all .
 I spend quite a bit of time studying flashcards off of the computer using a mini-whiteboard . I had previously bought theBIC Great Erase Grip `` Pocket '' Dry Erase Marker , Fine Point , Assorted , 6 Dry Erase Markers -LRB- GDEP61-Ast -RRB- and used each pen until they dried to that level where they just are n't usable anymore ... you know what I mean.I was looking to find longer lasting markers -LRB- The BIC 6 pack lasted around 4 months before each color was completely spent -RRB- , while retaining a fine tip . The Enduraglide seemed to fit the bill , so I made use of Prime , and got a set.When they arrived , I was initially really into how rich the color was , and being able to see how much ink was left was nice . I used them the same way as I used the BICs -LRB- a few hours at a time , a few days a week , capping between long problems and switching colors , etc. -RRB- , and in less than two weeks BOTH the blue and green are expired ! The black one also leaked a bunch of the ink out at one point , which was pretty lame.I really liked these markers at first , but they just ran out of steam waaaaaaay too fast .
 They are definitely not fine tipped . Id say they are about 1/2 and inch wide also the colors are drab and faded . They do erase well .
 I 'm so disappointed with the PT-xxxx line of labelers . The problem is that they FORCE the lead out on the tape to be 1 '' . So , by default , you 're wasting 1 '' of tape on the front and back . Not only is it a waste of tape , but I use this primarily for printing CD labels -- something which does not have 1 '' on either side to spare . The PT-1200 -LRB- and other models too -RRB- have a `` margin '' feature , which allows you to reduce the 1 '' margin to something much smaller -- HOWEVER , the only thing it does with this feature is to print on the tape a few dotted lines to MANUALLY cut on . So , not only are you STILL wasting tape in the lead-out , but now you have to manually cut on the dotted line with scissors -LRB- the end of the label is stopped properly at the margin width you set , but is still wasted on the front -RRB- . This is the second model from Brother that I will return and I wo n't buy another Brother labeler in the 1000 series . The PT-85 that I used to have worked fine , so apparently they made it worse with new features in the 1000 + series .
 The phone has two network connections that are not secure , so the slightest movement can dislodge them causing the phone to lose its connection . Phone cord connections are not new and , in fact , the connection to the handset is quite secure , as you expect with phones who have handset and phone line connections . It is absurd and stupid to have these connections so insecure that important calls can be disrupted so easily . I might have rated it too high overall , but most of the electronic features of the instrument have worked OK , so I did not give it the lowest rating . Do n't buy if you can find something without this problem .
 I regularly pick up a 25 pack of blank cards and envelopes at chain hobby stores for 4.99 , and they come in either white or ivory . They 're also available online , so do n't spend an extra $ 5 for these ; get 'em cheaper elsewhere .
 Down the line , it will cause problems for your computer to read these discs . Got one cd with label stuck in my iMac right now , it wo n't come out . I now use an external reader/writer , and it has problems with labeled cd 's , so does my car cd-player and my regular cd player -LRB- and I do n't buy junk electronics -RRB- . Just be safe , use a permanent marker to label your discs , may not look as cool , but at least you can still use them . I 've used various brands labels in the past -LRB- Avery , Memorex , others -RRB- and all mess up your discs .
 i hardly write reviews for the products i 've bought here on Amazon . Obviously , when I do n't write reviews , I 'm satisfied.But do not waste your time on buying this product ! it peels ! it 's no good . i wish i had printed more labels when i bought this but it was winter time and it did n't peel.now it 's summer , everything is hotter , this label will peel!i repeat do not buy ! i wish i can return this but my return date expired !
 I 've been using Avery Matte White CD Labels 8691 for a few years now and have been very happy with the product . Just reordered and this latest batch has a new slick finish . It does n't print nearly as well as the old finish , which was a little rough and could grab the ink . This results in a loss of image detail . The ink just sits on top of the label and is prone to smearing . I had excellent results with the rougher surface and am very disappointed with this change in the product . I 'll have to look for another brand now .
 Wasted 10.00 dollars on this product . When you sign up for the Avery template they install spyware on your computer . Also if you use the online software to print it did n't work with google chrome browser . I 'll stick to memorex labels.D
 Package arrived in good shape , product also in good shape . Put the paper in the feeder , hit the `` feed '' button , paper gets stuck again , and again , and again ... . It keeps getting stuck on the little plastic rim underneath the paper . It just does n't feed properly . A poor design on this model . Returning asap !
 This machine is so `` loose '' that the keys stick down & I have to stop and move it a little to get it unstuck . Sometimes it just wo n't enter one digit of the entry . I constantly have to look at the numbers going in to be sure they 're all there . In a string of 20 entries , 8 or 9 will be incorrect.I am a bookkeeper and this is unacceptable . Even if it were for my own personal use , it would be unacceptable .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The calculator works fine in the `` on '' mode but once you move the dial to the printing mode an `` E '' -LRB- overflow error -RRB- displays on the screen and the calculator stops functioning . Also the ribbon inside the calculator appeared to be used . Contacted the 800 number that came with the instructions and was told that it would be best to return item to the seller because it would take up to two weeks for Canon to begin processing the item once they receive it ... WOW . On other sites people complained about the short life span of this calculator therefore I 'm returning for a refund . In addition , the calculator was a bit larger than expected . This is a huge disappointment .
 It STRUGGLES with ONE SHEET OF PAPER for god sake ! Also , buried in the instruction manual is that it can ONLY WORK FOR 5 MINUTES before it needs a rest , POOR BABY !! It 's like you are rooting it on , `` Come on ` lil fellow , you can do it ! '' But it ca n't . I do n't know if the model I got was defective or if this brand is just junk . My opinion is STAY AWAY !
 This shredder blows ! It is a worthless POS . I ca n't believe it actually jams with three pieces of paper . And then it 's almost impossible to get it to go in reverse . You end up having to rip the paper out by hand and then feed it through one piece at a time . I will never buy another Fellowes shredder ! : - /
 This product is a sham.Mine broke , as in destroyed , on 4th use . I simply fed it too many sheets . I would think that would jam it , not destroy it . the plastic drive gears shredded instead of the paper .
 I ordered this shreddrer sometime last month and just pulled it out today to use - I was so excited . According to Consumer Reports this is one of the Top 3 Shreddrers . I put 1-2 pieces of paper to shred and it jams . I have spent about an hour trying to remove the jammed paper which it seems most of it is gone , but it still wo n't shred . Thank God I have another shredder that I 've had for years which was n't even listed by Consumers Reports - sometimes you have to go with the no name brands . I do not reccommend this product !!
 I 'm looking for a new shedder and I have to vent about this one . I got mine at office depot and lost receipt . When cleaning it , sheds land up everywhere . You ca n't see how full it is and it is possible for the shreds to feed back up into the shedder . It is supposed to take a credit card and jammed up . It died . Waste of money .
 This is a very weak product . It jammes easily , I would not reccommend it .
 This printer binds up on two pieces of paper ! If there is the least resistance during a jam , the flimsy plastic gears become stripped and the printer is trash . This is what happened to me after less than two months of light use ... and I stayed within the manufacturer 's guidelines . However , there is NO WARRANTEE on this printer , so BUYER BEWARE .
 this was a cheap sawdust and glue product that arrived broken dispite attempted packaging to protect it . I would suggest using an old cardboard box before using this product .
 I own an older version of this product and liked it a lot . After upgrading to Windows 7 64 bit I discovered I could no longer print to the device . After checking around I discovered that Casio does not have a 64 bit driver for any of their disc printers and it does n't look like they will be creating one . A lot of new Windows 7 computers are coming preinstalled with the 64 bit version of the software -LRB- better in the long run than using the 32 bit version -RRB- . Be aware that none of the Casio disc printers will work with these 64 bit operating systems . I have one older computer still running 32 bit Windows XP that I can still use to print discs . Once I upgrade that systems I guess I 'll just throw the Casio disk title printer in the trash and go back to using a Sharpie to label the discs . It was a really good product . Too bad Casio does n't think enough of their customers to supply a 64 bit driver .
 The print quality was very poor when using CD/DVDs designed for thermal printing . We returned the printer after making several test prints , all of which were of unacceptably poor quality .
 I have emailed the manufacturer at least 3 times . My problem is still a problem . Each time I attempt to print a label I have to rewind the ribbon . The manufacturer promised to send along a new ribbon to see if it would rewind but has not done so .
 This item was returned soon after purchase . My wife tried it on the blank cd 's we use and it did not work . Apparantly it only works on certain types of discs and we found that to be an inconvienence .
 Does not print on all disks and when it does print the quality is bad
 This mouse pad looks cheaper than the cost of it.In order for the nonskid base to work you need to stick the two-way adhesive tape provided to the surface where it would be used . This is bad if you wanted to use it in more than one places like I do . Thus i do n't use the adhesive tape and the mouse pad easily slides on my wooden desk.The Gel wrist rest is big and feels very comfortable and my mouse slides very nicely over the pad.I would only recommend this product if it looked neatly assembled .
 After a while the laser begins to fade dramatically . I do n't think its the one your looking for if you need a bright efficient laser that does n't eat batteries like candy . I admit that it was fast shipping but I would rather have it slow and a better product .
 laser was pretty cool but not bright enough for my liking so i got a 30mw laser and it was great no problems with the laser tho it was very good quality i have dropped it many times and still works very good
 I put this in my cart a couple weeks ago and went to order it today . The price had jumped $ 180 , from $ 124 to $ 299 ! Wow ! The other reviewer noted it was a bit pricey at $ 124 .
 I bought this premium transparency film and had no problems using it in my old HP DeskJet . But then my HP DeskJet printer died and I bought an Epson Stylus C82.These transparencies work like crap in the Epson , maybe by design ? Instead of getting solid black areas , I get severe banding -LRB- tiny horizontal lines that ink does n't stick to -RRB- , making this stuff useless for the printed circuit board exposures I wanted to use it for . IBM transparencies work perfectly in the Epson printer , so I do n't blame the printer , it 's these HP transparencies.Only buy these if you know you will only be using them on an HP printer !
 So , you get a piece of paper in the box with this thing . It advertises Avery products , but it does n't tell exactly the step-by-step process for using it . I suppose it should be ovbvious , but I 've never used a CD/DVD label applicator and it 's not . I think I 've figured it out , but it would sure have been helpful just to have a HINT on the instructions as to how this gadget works.Oh . . OK ... the instructions are on the labels themselves !! Now I feel better .
 I selected this to replace a label press I had used but lost years ago.The MS Word software I downloaded first may be useful if you know your way around Word -LSB- which I do n't use -RSB- ... I removed it and loaded Avery Design Pro which was very user friendly for me.What was absolute crap about this device was the attempt at centering the label - using tabs on the labels that notch onto the press - tabs are to be removed after pressing . This indeed centers the label perfectly.I used the Avery 8960 matte tabs . The tabs did not tear cleanly , and using an X-acto knife to clean the edges up cracked the disc 's up-side surface . I would not trust putting that in a disc player - so I tossed it.I tried cutting the tabs off and pressing the label the old fashioned way . Nowhere near centered.I pulled some old discs out of my files - the labels were centered , without using tabs.They were 12 years old . Wish I knew what I had used back then.Perhaps gloss labels would work better , I wo n't know - I 'm through with this useless attempt at label pressing progress . Back to a nice fat Sharpie pen .
 Sorry ; I meant this for the labels I bought . I 'm sure the applicator is dandyunhappy because my reader would n't open up after trying to read one with a sticker on it.I gave up and bought a $ 99 Canon printer that prints labels . Way cool printer
 The applicator works okay , but it 's essentially the same as a CD Stomper applicator I already had . The only difference is that the new one has a couple of slots at the edges to accommodate a change in the labels . For some reason , the smaller cylinder in the middle of the applicator is smaller than the small holes in full print labels , so the side slots help with alignment - except that the extra wings on labels rip off if you are n't careful removing the label from the sheet . It seems like all of that could have been solved with better engineering .
 Avery CD/DVD Label Applicator -LRB- 5699 -RRB- Label alignment is still tricky , even with this device . Labels will not lie flat in this device with the adhesive side facing up . You have to improvise to some extent .
 this spindle fits 2 sizes of label holes . But I still ca n't find one to fit a bunch of label I bought where the hole is just under 1 inch .
 no instructions leave me in the dark . used lots of paper disks = = = waste . if i ever learned how to use this disk program I would more likey to enjoy way of putting the disks on recorded disks . Not your fault , just mine . Maybe one day I will learn .
 Not sure what the problem is , but I wanted to throw this out the window after the second disc . The labels were curling and would n't sit on the applicator properly . It looked so awful that I threw a few discs away , then went back to the Sharpie !
 Unless you have some hand shaking disorder apply your CD labels by hand . It is much easier and much more accurate than peeling off the curling label , placing it upside down on the applicator , and then placing your CD upside down on top of that . Trust me . Do n't bother with a CD label applicator !
 I tried to use this product several times over the past few weeks , however , it turns out it is much easier to place the labels on the DVD by hand . The product does not make it easier , it actually makes it much more difficult and after wasting approximately 10 DVD labels , which are not cheap , the item is now a paper weight.I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 If you are putting on full face labels do n't use this . Once you remove the center piece to try to put on a full face label it will wobble on the way down and it is impossible to get the label centered . It will work fine for other labels . Great idea . Poor implementation .
 There is no way to saturate the tires with air . At it 's maximum , they flatten when I put a real load on the cart , Go for the solid wheels instead , even if they are smaller , I 've used that one with total success . This one . blah .
 Used 4 pages at once and two of the plastic cogs that drive the blades broke . Contacted GBC and was told that replacement parts are not available and that the item can not be repaired in general . As other users appear to have had similar experiences , I conclude this is a poorly designed product . The fact that replacement parts are not made available adds insult to injury . I will surely stay away from this manufacturer and I recommend you do the same .
 This thing broke after only 10 minutes of use . I sat there feeding it 4 pages at a time and after just a few minutes it started to make a `` chunk , chunk '' nose and after a few more minutes , the blades stopped rotating altogether . The motor still runs , so I have had to unplug it and prepare it for the garbage . Save yourself some frustration . . this was the BIGGEST waste of $ 50 ever .
 I purchased this item because I wanted the finer point than the medium point that normally comes with the Parker Roller-Ball pens . Upon first use it seemed that they -LRB- I purchased both blue and black refills -RRB- were going to work out fine , but after using them for a few days the ink flow began to be inconsistent and so I went back to the stock refills . I love the roller-ball pens , but I will never buy these refills again .
 I ordered a Parker Pen , as well as a refill . The pen was not as advertised and the refill did not even fit the pen . I have already returned both .
 This refill worked great for about 5 days , then suddenly it stoped working in the middle of writing a sentence . It was great while it lasted . I am disappoitment with quality of this product . I contacted the seller and was informed that since they did not manufacture this product they can not garantee that replacement they send me would be any better quality . This is not the response I was expecting ... . I am still waiting for my replacement and will write another review once I receive it .
 I 'm sorry to say that this refill was just about dried out when we got it ... not a good purchase in my humble opinion . : |
 When I bought the item there was a wrong picture of the pen refill displayed . When I received the item , it was not what it was shown I the picture , therefore it did not fit my pen . After I submitted the initial review , the seller changed the picture of the item to the correct picture , and now is asking me to review it again . I still received the wrong item ; you are solving the problem the wrong way ! I will never use this seller again !
 For some reason they do n't write well . No idea where they get them but they do n't write and they do n't last .
 I now understand what people mean when they say they wish they can give no stars . I bought this product and one of the handsets totally did not work . I called the so-called Customer Support line and pressed the prompt for repair . After 30 minutes -LRB- with many recorded `` your call is important to us '' messages -RRB- someone came on to `` assist '' me . Her response was `` so return it '' . I told her everything else was set up I just needed the handset repaired or replaced . She told me she could replace it for a large charge . When I said they sold a defective product she said `` this happens all the time and why should they pick up the cost . '' I then asked to speak to a manager and she then hung up . In short , defective products , non-existent customer service . Use any other brand , including 2 tin cans and a string and you 'll be better off .
 In my opinion , this system is designed to function very awkwardly :1 -RRB- The memory seems to reside in each individual handset rather than in the base unit . As a result , when you clear the Caller ID # 's showing on one handset , the old calls remain on the other handset . So you have to clear each handset 's memory separately .2 -RRB- This lack of communication between the base unit and the handsets also means that the telephone book on one handset does not share information with another handset unless you invoke a separate global function to add the new number to the other handset .3 -RRB- The manual states that `` Your phone shares memory between your Phonebook and Caller ID entries '' but that is misleading . If a call comes in from someone in you phone book , for instance , someone you have in the phone book as `` GALE WORK '' , caller ID displays the phone company 's ID -LRB- company name or even `` Caller Unknown '' -RRB- instead of the label in your phone directory . Another example , `` GALE CELL '' from your phone book would show `` VIRGINIA CALL '' or -LRB- I assume -RRB- that people in your phone book with unlisted numbers would not be identified either .4 -RRB- This phone is not capable of monitoring a dial tone either . There are two results of this lack . One result is that , if you are on line , the handset does not display a `` Line in Use '' warning . The other result is that the phone is incapable of indicating when there is a message in a phone company mail box . I rely on the mail box to pick up messages while I am on line .5 -RRB- If you need to mount this phone on a wall , take a look at the pictures I have posted to determine whether the appearance is acceptable to you . And the answering machine faces upward , making it hard for short people like me to see the buttons on the answering machine .6 -RRB- Be prepared for a long wait if you want to talk to a Uniden service rep.The only redeeming feature of this phone is the good voice quality . Feedback on this website regarding voice quality is what sold me on this brand , but the annoying beeping on my old Olympia is starting to seem preferable to the shortcomings in the design of this Uniden .
 I was so excited to get another phone/Answering mach . & X-Tra handset was a Bonus I thought I was gon na Love it but it 's more of a Nightmare !! I found it Frustrating to use this phone , hard to find the Caller ID & ended up turning the Ringer Volume Up , Down & Up & Down over and Over then on and Off , while I was in hurry to find out Who Called Me , and you Ca n't just Delete one caller on the Caller ID , you have to delete them all & I 'd rather just delete the ones I want but I ca n't it wo n't let me.Besides that this phone works well & has plenty of options like special ring tones for ppl who call you , mom , friends , ect.which is pretty cool but not important for Me.You can page the 2nd handset , use it as room monitor , ect.You can goto Uniden web site and find out plenty of info . about this & other phones.I went right back to my Old Phone right after the Caller Id dilemma I was that Frustrated & I will probably look for another phone & give this one away !!!!! What a shame .
 the screen display started freezing up so I had to pull the battery out , this has been happing for month 's . 2 hand set phone it was happening to both phones.they would work fine other times . then when I wanted to dial out it would freeze up the display & it would not dial or shut off . I got to get another phone now.I 'm upset
 I have only had this phone for 11 months and both the receivers have problems . After only having the phone for 6 months , my base unit phone will not work with a signal `` OUT OF RANGE '' showing each time I try to call out . The cordless 2nd phone worked until this week , when the display is showing a bunch of `` gobbledygook '' when I dial out or a phone is coming in.I would not recommend this phone , even though I did get it for a `` discounted '' price on Amazon.com
 I can not make it ring louder.I can not get the second hand set to registerInstructions are confusingUniden TRU9488 Expandable Corded/Cordless Combination System with Digital Answering System , Dual Keypad , and Call Waiting/Caller ID
 This is n't a performance review ; I had high hopes for that but I never got to try it since it is n't really designed properly to look right on a wall . Secondly , be certain you have an electrical outlet close to your phone jack .
 This phone at first promised to be exactly what I was looking for
 Bought this unit at costco . Everything was OK until joystick button on a cordless handset started to fail . Bought another handset . Half a year later , joystick button fails on this one too . I can access phonebook only through the joystick button , so this option is practically useless now.This problem is common for many Uniden phones , so buyers beware .
 I have the 8866 system and 8 handsets , but purchased this for the corded handset , and set the extra handsets to this , unplugging the 8866 . The base signal is not powerful enough to prevent static even on the same floor of our house . Have to change back to the 8866 .
 Do NOT buy this phone system ! Bought it a year ago and one by one the portable phones died ! Now even the console is dead !
 Hate to rain on the parade - bought the TRU9488 largely based on Amazon reviews - but two units I 've purchased from two different retailers and returned are big disappointments for the same reasons . No resolution in the user manual , so have to assume it 's a manufacturing defect.Sound quality of the corded handset is tinny and pathetic . Stangely , it sounds fine when the AC power was removed to test the unit 's power failure capabilities . Callers complained the speaker portion gave them an echo and I 'm not even on VOIP.Loved the other features . Menus were relatively intuitive on both the base and cordless . Display was easy to read.Twice burned . Going to look at another manufacturer .
 I bought this set of three cordless phones and all three quit working with in one year . the caller id button stopped working on all of them except the corded phone . worst product I 've ever had fron Uniden I did expect more .
 I bought one of these a year ago , and added several handsets . The sound quality is good . The number buttons are soft and attract dirt , and you have to keep cleaning them . However , this last week the main base phone failed for no reason . After repeated attempts to reach customer service , and no response from Uniden , I am trashing the entire setup . They have one of those endless on-hold numbers ; and email with no response . Wo n't buy this brand again .
 I guess I misunderstood what this was . I thought it was one that spoke the words to help you speak them but it 's not . It would have been really good if I already knew Hebrew .
 I guess I 'm the only one displeased with these . I was expecting a thicker , card-stock or thin cardboard cover -LRB- like the old ones ! -RRB- , but instead the black covers are more like a slightly thicker paper cover -LRB- think cardstock paper , except even more flimsy -RRB- . They do not stand on their own and look really cheap . Because I was expecting the old fashioned thicker covers , it seemed that 15 for 25 was a good deal , but after seeing these in person I would n't have paid more than .25 cents apiece for these , so they were a bad deal . Not sure if I 'm going to go through the hassle and cost of returning them , but since I use them for high billing for my business and they look so shoddy , I 'm not sure I 'll find a use for them . Disappointed .
 This pencil sharpener looks pretty cool , shiny , and old-fashioned . But inside it is a lightly built and shoddy . It has been redesigned inside to be very cheap . The result is that the one barrel sharpener sharpens very unevenly . The pencil is all shaved on one side and all blunt on the other . I must spin the pencil as I rotate the handle to compensate . If I do not , the pencil actually ends up eliptical not round ! This device -LRB- not a sharpener ! -RRB- is not worth the money , do not bother with a purchase . I intend to return it when I come back to the States in July .
 I did n't know that a manual pencil sharpener could be that cheap !! My thumb litteraly went through the casing while trying to close it ! And when it 's closed , it feels very lose !! The shipping was pretty fast tho and the product looks very clean before going further more !
 I 've owned the Charles Leonard pencil sharpener -LRB- model # 89508 -RRB- for six months . After reading many reviews and searching the web for an economical and functional rotary pencil sharpener I took the plunge and bought this sharpener . And then wanted to return it.First flaw , the mounting screws are useless . I knew this going into the purchase and thought a trip to the hardware store would make for an easy fix . Now I ask , why should I do the work that is the MANUFACTURER 's responsibility ?? It 's still not mounted . I 've many other things I need to do and doing somebody else 's job is n't among them.Second flaw , because it is unmounted -LRB- still -RRB- one person has to hold the sharpener firmly down so another person can sharpen the pencil . Typically somebody knocks off the cover ... frequently ... because it just does NOT stay on ... and it ai n't goin ' back on in a hurry ! The cover just does NOT go back on in the up/down position -LRB- as shown in the picture -RRB- . Mine has dents from forcing it back into position.If it were sideways mounted -LRB- HA ! -RRB- then presto , no problemo , the cover easily goes on sideways . EVERY time a pencil is sharpened the cover comes off and pencil grindings are everywhere ... again !! Third flaw , yes the sharpener has eight holes for differing sizes of pencils . One hole is helpfully marked STANDARD to show where standard-sized pencils ought to fit . I 'm not sure which country the Standard is set but it is n't the U.S. since my average # 2 U.S. school pencils do n't fit in the standard slot.For that matter , my child 's oversized pencil fits in the largest oversized hole but the burr does n't touch the pencil . What 's the point of offering eight sizes if the largest holes are just for appearance not function?Lastly , sometime recently it began only sharpening effectively in one direction . And not in the comfortable direction but the awkward one -LRB- remember it takes two people to run it -RRB- . When the sharpener was new the burr mostly cut the pencils on all sides so maybe it was worth a little effort . Now it only shaves one side . The tip is long and sharp ... and breaks often so that now I 'm back where I began
 Update
 This is an okay pencil sharpener , but it sharpens only one side of the pencil . It takes effort to sharpen a pencil with this thing so do n't think children will be using it with any success . You will be the primary pencil sharpener here , and it is no easy task with this MISS of a thing . We have had it one year , it still ` works ' , but good luck finding a pencil sharpener that actually does . Let me know if you do find one that works properly and last longer than three months , I would be interested .
 Pencil sharpener is not that well built . Sharpens pencils unevenly and is hard to remove and re-attach bin . For the price it 's worth it .
 Product advertised as rugged steel construction ? The only steel was the cutters . The outer case that enclosed the cutters is made of cheap aluminum that is flimsy and comes apart easily.The complete outer shell came apart while installing.This is the absolute worst product that I have purchased in a long time.This is the risk of buying sight unseen.A plastic 75 cent sharpener is better than this product .
 The sharpener sharpens pencils to a very long taper to where when you write the point breaks off . You almost have to hold the pencil perpendicular to the paper to prevent breakage . It would not even sharpen large diameter pencils . I tried inserting the pencil while I had the cover removed and I could see that the blades do not even touch the pencil no matter how hard I pushed it into the sharpener . Another piece of trash made in China .
 This pencil sharpener is awful . The part that collects the shavings does not even fit onto the sharpener . It will only sharpen one side of the pencil . Really disappointed .
 This may not be a fair review . I 'm looking for a sharpener for my pastel pencils . What I found with this sharpener is the tips of the pastel pencils break easily -LRB- as in most sharpeners -RRB- and I have to take the case off to dislodge the point in the mechanism . What I found with this model is it 's difficult to put the case back on once removed . I tried many angles and rotations to get it to snap back in . When I think I 've figured out how to get it to snap back in , it does n't work the next time . I struggle with this regularly .
 Very flimsy pencil hole guide , only ONE cutter inside instead of two , and both the handle and hole guide wobble . It works okay on regular sized pencils , but fat pencils for kids will not go deep enough to sharpen . Also , when pencils are sharpened , the taper of the cut is really long . Much longer than the taper of a traditional sharpened pencil you would get from an ` old school ' style sharpener . Overall , I would not buy this again and will look for another sharpener . This is n't the one .
 The good
 I was so dissapointed by this product . I had hoped to use it to identify and translate Japanses words and practice pronouncing them correctly.It takes many steps to do simple translations . This was frustrating in a relaxed atmopshere . It would be near impossible underpressure.When you press for the talking translation it sounds like a tired robot in a large can . Extremely difficult to identify what it is saying let alone try and duplicate it.The other deal breaker was it only uses batteries . There is no way to charge it when not in use . You would need to carry around a case of batteries while traveling in order to use it throughout a trip.The size was compact and light , that was a nice feature .
 I ordered the XL1500 because I am moving to China for my business . Unfortunately , I had to return the product . The voice feature is so poor , I could barely recognize the english speaking voice , much less the chinese voice . The french , spanish , and german voices were not too bad . I was also disappointed that I could not figure out how to enter pinyin chinese and radical chinese characters , even after reading the poorly written manual three times . The clincher for me was that the headphone jack did not work , it just muted the voice feature altogether . The unit does have an AC jack , but does not come with an AC adaptor . I called Ace Photo to return the product and was informed of the 10 % restocking fee .
 I bought the Ectaco Partner XL with high hopes it would help me in my Arabic class . My Arabic professor asked me where I got my translations for some of the words because they were not correct . I have found some of the translations useful , but for the most part , incorrect . I contacted the Ectaco and was told that if I wanted Arabic translation I should have bought just the Arabic-English Electric Dictionary instead of one with many languages . I 'm hoping the translations for the other languages work better than the Arabic .
 I have a terrible experience with ECTACO 's electronic dictionary . It was a total waste of my money . I needed a portable dictionary so I bought it directly through ECTACO 's web-site , but it was ... a trash , very infantry vocabulary determinations and did n't even have almost half of the vocabularies that I needed to find . What more frustrated me was that awful customer service when I tried to return the product . What a reluctant attitude toward return policy service was ! They never sent the paper with a return policy in a packet with was within 30 days acception , not only that they told me to call back again and again and made me pass 30 days . Watch out folks ! I am a college student working full time still trying to pay off the dept from that terrible dictionary that was not returnable nor helpful at all . I am So sad .
 I purchased this product for a trip to Panama . It was extremely difficult to use . I was unable to get a translation very easily . I think the new apps for the smart phones would be much easier to use and definitely more helpful .
 ECTACO should be called EVIL Empire for language learners . The company makes lousy products with insufficient , unprofessional and incomplete translation vocabularies in many languages . Their hardware is a clumsy made and easy breakable and should not survive any tear and ware during a month . The customer service is deceiving in any possible way and would lie , lie and lie about the product in order to reach a selling point . The company is unprecedented example of the major violations of customer 's rights , racism , hatred , fraud and verbal abuse .
 they told we can use it for Dictionary
 For $ 90 I would have expected better . The included software is abysmal . Unless you buy their printer , you 're stuck with the Address type of label formatting . Tool bar buttons that their software says should be showing up do n't . The manual says you should be able to print directly from MS Word or another application . The Dymo virtual print driver does show up in the Printers collection when you do try to print , but then the print job errors out . No information , just `` The print job failed to print '' from the O.S. . The Dymo software tells you nothing . The same is true with their `` Smart Paste '' function.If you want a labeler to use only with the labeler 's own keyboard and cheesy single-line grayscale LCD display , then this one will get the job done . But if you 're looking for a labeler that will interface with Windows , Word , or other applications , stay away from this one . I ca n't tell you how much of a piece of junk their included software is . I 've been a software engineer for twenty years so I know something about software . If it were n't for the fact that I 've already ordered several -LRB- non-returnable -RRB- cartridges for this thing -- at nearly twenty bucks apiece by the way -- I 'd be returning it to Amazon . As it is , I 've got a labeler at least ... just not the one I should have for the money .
 I have a Brother PC label maker and Brother did not support the newer operating systems so I decided to try DYMO-big mistake . I have used about 6 label cartridges and only a few labels . Several cartridges jammed and destroyed the cartridge , most do not work the first time put in the machine . DYMO shows having to wind the cartridge but I have done that for quite a while and they still will not catch , the wheel just turns but no label comes out . This is a perfect example of lousy design and manufacturing .
 This product is OK but has one major drawback . You will not be able to use caller ID unless you rewire your whole house . The manufacturer claims that this product will work with caller ID but that is not true . Any phone signal that comes out of this product will not display caller ID . You will need to run a new set of wires to each phone location and connect that to your phone line BEFORE it enters the DR401 call manager . You then have to wire the other end to a seperate caller ID box by each phone . Hardly worth the effort in my opinion . If you do n't need or care about caller ID this product works great ! Otherwise take note of the above .
 I had all intentions of purchasing one of these pens to use next college semester . After reading all of the good advice from the ones that have purchased it . . I 'm sure everyone knows that i will order one just as soon as i am finished writing in this comment box ! If it would do what it was intended on doing it would be great for all of these notes that i have to keep up with . And running Windows Me to find that it is not compatible saved me alot of headaches !
 If you are expecting this pen to make your life as a student a whole lot easier ... do n't count on it . This technology has a very long way to go . I asked for the c-pen 600 for my birthday . I was expecting it to help me with writing my college-level research papers by providing an easy way for me to import and edit text into my word documents . Little did I know , my 2 year-old nephew can read better than this pen . I had trouble getting it to read the text in its own instruction booklet , and as far as photocopied pages -LRB- such as journal articles and other research materials -RRB- , forget it!Here is an example of the mistakes that this pen makes : The c-pen is a very useful tool.Gets translated to : Fhe c-pen is @ veyr useful tolo.Pros :1 . Good idea .2 . Works well if you do n't actually need to use the info that you collect with the pen .3 . Easy to use.Cons :1 . Does n't work well at all .2 . Expensive price .3 . Using the c-write function , it takes you 5 minutes to write your name.I hope that this review has been helpful . I wrote it because the average rating on this product is WAY too high . I just do n't want anyone else to get duped like I did.-Jake
 A great concept -- and it really does a good job of scanning various size text pretty accurately . Nice size ; feels comfortable in the hand ; a few of the commands to modify text have an awkward pattern or series to them . It could be very good . PROBLEMS
 Initially I was stunned by this technology . I scanned text from books , the newspaper , nutrition information off a candy bar wrapper ... all with reasonably good results . Once I started to use if for serious work , I was substantially less impressed . I had planned to collect specific data fields from a printed directory ; instead of using a sheet-feed flat-bed scanner followed by heavy cut & paste , I thought I could just selectively hand-scan the needed data fields . While the OCR accuracy might be acceptable for short passages , the error frequency becomes unacceptable when more text is collected . The frequency of errors was so great that I went back to the flat-bed and cut & paste . I like the ergonomics of the unit . I am trying to figure out what I can still do this device .
 When I decided to cough up the $ 150 dollars , I expected to be amazed by it 's power . I was definately wrong . The only thing I found it useful for , was containing addresses and amusing myself . If you are considering purchasing this product , I would suggest you buy it from an Amazon user for a cheaper price .
 I purchased the CPen 200 and regret it . Accuracy is not good enough for most purposes I have tried to use it for and I have found it much quicker to type out text manually , or even write it out by hand , than to try and scan it in and correct the errors made by the CPen . The XTNDAccess infrared connection which I needed to purchase with the device is extremely temperamental on Windows 2000 , and impossible to install on Windows NT Workstation - the tech support people were downright unhelpful and refused to direct enquiries to customer services . The battery life on the device is poor and I found I had run down the batteries in only a few hours of use . If I could return the device I would ; buying it was throwing money down the drain .
 Bought this for lumbar and neck support due to disease . Lumbar is merely passing . And there is NOT ANY neck support . There is a gap between me and the back support that would need to be filled to provide support . The lumbar is attached by velcro . This product needs an additional piece to velcro for neck support to fill that gap . Buy a lumbar pillow and neck pillow -- cheaper on you . I still have to add three pillows to make this work because the design is lacking . Probably returning after being delivered just today . None of the previous reviews stated the lack of neck support requiring to add pillows or something to adjust for the poor design . I think it would be okay if you already have a really good chair that fits you like a glove . And then , what 's the point of having to buy this ?
 I purchased this Obus Forme High-back Backrest and found it wanting . It helped some - but the basic design is flawed because of its concaved nature . I returned it and purchased the new Obus * Ultra * Forme Backrest and love it . It is more expensive , but the design is radically different than anything that I have seen and it works much better than this model . By the way , Amazon makes return rather easy if a product does n't work out .
 After about of 6 months of very light use - its no longer recognized by any computer ; I thought by going for the USRobotics label I was playing it safe but apparently I was wrong . Next time just buy the cheapest along with spares for when they fail .
 If you live in an area where static electricity is present , you will not be happy with this phone . I paid $ 150 for this phone in Aug/2007 and it has been disabled 3 times in that period due to static , each time , requiring replacement parts . Today it was knocked out again and I have thrown it in the garbage . I will not throw away my money again on products made by this company .
 I got two of these as replacements . Kind of wish I 'd just spent the money on a new set . One of them never registered , and is just a paperweight now . There is no info on what to do if your handset wo n't register , and tech support is a joke . Unfortunately , portable 2 line systems are hard to come by . I 'm probably going back to the panasonic .
 I bought this telephone because I needed a combination phone system with an answering machine . I had my phone for less than a month when my battery in my cordless would n't hold a charge for very long . Not too long after that , the cord phone base would n't ring !!! I have had 2 Uniden brand phones so far and both of them turned out to be junk ... do n't buy !!!
 I listen to a lot of `` New Grass '' with guitar and banjo . Now I do n't know if I got a bad unit but there is a band of frequencies centered around 3kz that is so peaky that I have to turn the volume down to keep from being blasted by it . The result is that I have to music at a lower level than I want just to keep from having pins stuck in my ears when certain notes are played . The MP3 equalizer settings do n't help.Guess I was expecting a lot more that what I got . The music image is very flat and dull sounding . Instruments do n't separate well.I 'm comparing the sound from these with a set of Sony MDR-W20s that I 've had for almost twenty years ! There 's no comparison . The W20S blow these away in every respect . Deeper bass . Crisper highs . Balanced midrange.The only good thing I can say about these is that they 're LOUD . They produce a lot of volume per milliwatt . That makes them good with the tiny little MP3 players . If you 're just looking for a boombox equivalent for the Gym they might fill the bill.The folding arrangement is clever but the complexity of the moves needed to get them ready to use is sufficient that most people will never put them back in their case once they get them unfolded.I 'm giving mine away - they 're worthless to me . Really glad I got them on sale for $ 10 .
 I like to address the major complaints :1 -RRB- It hurts my head . This is true . The design for it to fold makes it a skull crusher but only for extended use like 3 hrs + . Now if your thing is a long commute , this is not the headphone for you . However , for a short commute like a subway ride , it feels perfectly fine and the pleather is quite comfortable .2 -RRB- It 's impossible to fold it . I agree there is too much work involved in folding it but only if you fold it to the absolute smallest size . Here 's a hint , do n't fold it all the way . Many times I do n't even fold it and let it compress automatically and that 's enough to fit into my pocket . But the key here is it has the potential to become even smaller if you need it - great convenience .3 -RRB- Sound . There are probably better sounding headphones out there . I mean the best portable headphones are the in-ear ones but I do not like stuffing stuff in my ears . This is definitely an upgrade to regular ear buds that do not go all the way in your ear as it blocks some of the exterior sounds . Pop songs sound quite clear and punchy . I listen mostly to jazz and love the strong bass - that alone makes me very happy . But one thing I never understand about people is how they could be so picky about headphones when their mp3 player is either their phone or ipod/itouch - seriously , the sound coming out from those devices are so horrible to begin with that using ipod headphones should suffice.Update
 I had several Sony MDR headphones in the past and I liked them , currently I have and really like Sony MDR7506 which helped me to ignore all bad reviews for this headphones . I had expected little bit downsized version of MDR7506 or at least something close to Fontopia headphones but MDR710LP does not come close . Build quality is good for light headphones but sound is horrible , it is dull and muddy . I would feel better if I had lost money spent on these headphones . This is hardly an upgrade for headphones that come with ipod .
 When not on my head , the fold-up design makes handling these headphones awkward . When on my head , I wish I had bought something else .
 The sound quality is OK -LRB- perhaps a bit too much bass for the music I usually listen to -RRB- , but the worst problem is the comfort , or lack thereof . They felt pretty good at first , but after I wore them for a few hours , they really hurt my ears . I think their ability to fold up so compactly really hurts the level of comfort -- they want to fold up , not sit firmly , on your head . I will need to reserve these for my subway commute -LRB- 30 mins -RRB- and for not much more than that if I want to use them at all . Sigh .
 If you are looking for headphones and do not want to shell out the money for bose or another hi-end model DO NOT BUY THIS product as you will regret the decision . Instead , stick with some cheaper ear buds .
 These have to be the worst I 've tried , as far as over-the-ear , small headphones go . I 've had 1980 's sony `` came-with-the-walkman '' headphones that sounded better than this . My list of grievances :1 . Ill fit . Pads press on ears in such a way that makes for pain . There 's very little isolation with these , you 'll * still * hear Everything from Everyone . They do n't `` settle down '' to the point where you forget they are on your head . You 're always aware you have this thing on your head .2 . Bad sound . midrange and treble are so smoothed-over you do n't get anything from the music . It 's like elevator muzak ! My music , through these , lost all impact , all believability . Very un-sony like performance , more like 5 dollar made-in-china-by-a-no-name performance .3 . The folding thing is a great complication . As a geek in love with machines I can appreciate the thought that went into this design , but it is that very design which makes 'em unsuitable for serious portable -LRB- or fixed -RRB- use . They 're great folded , and worse than mediocre when unfolded and on your ears.Your money 's better spent onSony MDR-EX51LP Fontopia Headphonesinstead . I have 'em and love 'em so far . Those puppies do have hi-endish sound , and good , maybe even great , comfort .
 I bought this phone on July 22 , 2006 and was happy for about the first 3-4 months . Then the quality of the calls dropped significantly until in February 2007 the phone broke completely . I would not recommend this refurbished phone to anyone after this experience .
 While Avery is the industry standard for office supply products , this binder lacks the quality of its counterparts . Not only is the binder not the proper size to fit a substantial quantity of women , but it does not physically appealing . Black usually has a slimming effect for women with problem areas . The color does n't help in terms of giving the women that would fit this binder a more flattering appearance .
 Avery Heavy-Duty View Binder with 1.5 Inch One Touch EZD Ring , Black , 1 Binder -LRB- 79695 -RRB- I am returning this binder immediately . It was packed full of women who deserve equal pay as me . Mitt Romney had assured me this would n't happen . And he has gone back on his word . Turns out all of these women are n't recyclable either .
 I purchased these binders in August for the fall semester . I use them twice a week during class and minimally outside of class . I thought these would be ideal with the no gap rings , the easy open , and the `` heavy duty '' use . However , in November , just a few short months after purchase , both of the binders I purchased have gaps in the rings . One has very small gaps -LRB- still affect page turning -RRB- but the other has a large 1/4 '' gap which makes page turning impossible . I will purchase these again in the hope that I just bought two from a bad batch , but I 'm disappointed in the short life of these binders in doing what they are advertised to do .
 The inner pockets of the binder are not glued properly and came off as soon as I put in them some papers
 The front plastic outside surface is so scratched the information displayed can not be read . Not worth the cost or hassle to return this product .
 This is a very sturdy binder and the EZD ring allows papers to sit nicely . Amazon purchase had scuff marks on front & back cover -LRB- like something had been repeatedly rubbing against the clear plastic -RRB- . Also parts of the edges were ragged and rough . I 'm guessing these binders are the ones no one wanted to buy from the local office supply store . Very disappointed in the `` used '' appearance however inside the binder works fine .
 I installed the Slipstick CB255 I inch sliders on our dining room chairs . Our floor is a recently installed laminate . The sliders are well designed but they do not slide . I would say they are `` anti slide '' rather than sliders . A much better product are the 1 '' Inch `` Magic Sliders '' found in Amazon 's `` Tools & Hardware '' section which I have now installed on our chairs . They are the real deal .
 Bought these because I got tired of the sticky felt pads coming off my chairs constantly . Since the floors were new when I moved in , doing my best to protect them so I get my deposit back when I move out . Good thing I only tried it on one chair . Within an hour of sitting in the chair , I looked down and noticed huge gauges in the floor . The stupid little cap that goes on after you screw in the nail came off and created giant scratches -- exactly what I was trying to avoid in the first place . I had to wait at least three days before writing a review to avoid an entire paragraph in all caps and exclamation marks . Still pissed , to say the least .
 Do n't buy this phone ! I bought it when it first came out -LRB- so it was quite expensive -RRB- , hoping that it would be better than my other 900Mhz phone . This phone is nothing but static . Not-to-mention you can hear other peoples conversation even after you change the channels numerous times ! Another annoying thing , is that after it hits 40 on the caller id ; you only see the number when the phone rings , if you try to look for it at a later time it 's not there ! Like the call never existed . All-in-all , definitely not worth the money . Especially , not what I paid for it !
 It 's really our fault . We already knew of one person that had this phone , and it was horrible . However , the price was very appealing , so we thought we 'd try it out . Then , after we started having problems , we talked to a couple other people who had the same phones . They had the same exact trouble . The problem is , sometimes , it simply does not work at all . It is the worst phone I 've ever owned .
 Do n't buy this phone ! I bought it when it first came out -LRB- so it was quite expensive -RRB- , hoping that it would be better than my other 900Mhz phone . This phone is nothing but static . Not-to-mention you can hear other peoples conversation even after you change the channels numerous times ! Another annoying thing , is that after it hits 40 on the caller id ; you only see the number when the phone rings , if you try to look for it at a later time it 's not there ! Like the call never existed . All-in-all , definitely not worth the money . Especially , not what I paid for it !
 This has been the worst cordless phone I have ever owned .
 I do n't even want to give this phone one star !! It 's the worst phone I 've ever purchased !! The static was worse than nails on a chalk board ... very annoying ! I returned it to Target .
 I bought this phone with high expecations from all the detail I have read about it and was very disappointed . The clarity was horrible and the answering system was not clear either . Unfortunately , I returned this phone back to the store and still have yet to find the right one . I am ready to take back a Bellsouth phone now as it gets bad static .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!! I bought this phone and it has NO range on it . It 's staticky , it 's loud in your ear when you talk , but not loud enough when someone else talks . It started doing weird things after 1 week of having it . It does n't hold the time or date and our friends have had similar problems with it . I am going to return mine ASAP !!!
 I purchased the phone because it is the first good looking cordless I 'd seen . While the answering machine was fine , the phone 's reception frequently required me to change the channel . Furthermore , every call I conducted was dropped at least once . At no time was I more than ten feet from the base . Finally , the numbers on the handset often had to be pushed several times to register back to the central office - sometimes they 'd be fine , other times some digits required multple attempts . Bought the phone on a Friday , gave up on the following Wednesday .
 ... with a digital answering system . I found GE 's presentation of that distinction misleading . Cleary , it 's an important consideration when seeking good reception , clarity and privacy.The good news about this phone
 Brand new out of the box , phone had an unimpressive range of not more than 400 feet . The answering machine 's electronic voice is slow and cumbersome . After just a few months of ownership this phone started to have serious sporadic problems . Several friends have left messages that the phone apparently never recorded . I 'd really like to know how many important messages I 've missed because of this phone . The speed dial does not always work correctly . Considering all of these problems , the phone is not usable . I 'm very displeased with this phone and plan on returning it as soon as possible . Do not buy one .
 We have two different versions of this phone , both 2.4 GHz . The clarity , range and all of that have been fine . There are some features that are not good , like some annoying aspects of the caller ID listing that make it difficult to figure out who called unless the phone is still ringing , depending on the last time that particular person called.But the main problem is that BOTH of my phones are now nearly impossible to dial out on . The buttons have become hard to push , then if you push harder they stick and register twice . In the Chicagoland area , even if you are calling next door you have to put in a `` 1 '' and the area code , then the number . Imagine how many times you have to re-dial trying to punch in 11 numbers when your buttons are sticking . The phones are clean , are dusted regularly , no sticky children ever handle them . There is no reason for this problem that I can determine.My title is the result of being SICK of faulty GE products . Two phones are ready for the garbage , and they were not extremely cheap . I also owned a GE wireless optical mouse that worked for a whole ten days before it stopped completely . I will never buy another GE product .
 I purchased this phone from Target and it was a terrible phone . The phone had constant static and had no range . Now I know that this phone is not a true 2.4 GHZ . This means that it is 2.4 GHZ to the handset and 900mhz from the handset to the base . I thought the styling of the phone was great and I loved the illuminated antenna . Oh , that brings me to my next point , the keypad is not illuminated just the screen . You can at least check the numbers you are dialing . The answering machine leaves much to be desired as well . I think that GE has a great beta for a product and the price sure seemed right at the time . They just need to refine their technology and I think this would be a wonderful phone.BTW I took it back and bought the Uniden TRU248 , what a great phone .
 Do n't let the looks fool you . Yes , it 's a little cutie , but it 's all on the surface . My 5 year old 900mhz phone has better clarity and reception.I exchanged it because the reception was so bad . Snap-Crackle-Pop ! Also had an echo problem along with the snapping , crackling , and popping . I would not recommend this phone .
 I have owned this phone for 3 months . In that short time , the phone started doing bizarre things ... static during phone calls , the Voice mail light was always blinking -LRB- whether there was voice mail or not -RRB- and then finally it just stopped working altogether -LRB- I was trying to make a phone call and it would work long enough for the other party to answer and then die -RRB- . Never again will I buy a GE phone
 I purchased the non-Caller ID version of this phone on a Friday , and returned it on Wednesday . It dropped every call I was on at least once . The reception was frequently interrupted by static . Finally , the buttons on the handset intermittently and randomly had to be pushed multiple times for them to register back to the central office . Shame really , it 's a great looking phone .
 The battery life seemed to be pretty good . You could hear it ring pretty clearly . The answering machine speaker is not very clear . When using the handset we would always hear a clicking noise . When we would call people they say they hear an echo . We are going to buy a new phone and you can be asured it will NOT be a GE phone ,
 This phone does not even deserve 1 star . I seem to have terrible luck with phones and this is by far the WORST phone I have ever owned . It picks up every sound in the room , so it makes it impossible to hear the person . We have had this phone for a year , now it only turns on 1 in 10 tries and only registers half the numbers you dial-sometimes NONE at ALL ! I ca n't even walk outside without getting static-2 .4 GHZ ??? If it were n't for the fact that we paid $ 69 for it , I would have trashed this phone long ago . I would not recommend this phone to anyone .
 We bought this phone about a year ago . I did n't want to buy it them but the wife really liked this one over the others that we were looking at . From day one it has been a disappointment . The moajority of the time when I try tu use the phone , it will not complete the call , and lately it has gotten worse . From 10 ft. away even though you can hear the beep of each button being pressed , the base does n't seem to recognize all of the beeps . Multiple dialings of the same phone number finally results in a successful connection.It is cheap -LRB- price as well as quality -RRB- It does feel comfortable in the handGood for target practiceVery aggravating to deal withCallerID does n't always workProblems arise within the first month of useOverall I would not purchase this phone again even for someone I did n't like . My recommendation is to skip this phone and pay a little more and get a better one or if you want a really good phone , purchase one of the Panasonic 2.4 GHz portables , you will be very pleased .
 This is a great phone if you like to buy new phones every few months . The half-life of mine was 7 months . It was actually great up until that point . One day I answered it and the caller could n't hear me ; they hung-up thinking no one was there . From then on , it was unusable . This phone did n't even live through its warranty . This is the second time I got burned by a GE product ; never again .
 I bought this phone because of the caller ID on the handset . You can not adjust the contrast , and there is no ID on the base . I can hardly see the number on the screen . The reception is also terrible . I constantly have to ask people to repeat themselves . No adjustment on ringer , but on and off . You get what you pay for . Buy a panasonic .
 I should have read these reviews more carefully before obtaining this product . For a cordless phone , I expect that the sound quality will be poorer than a corded phone , but not this bad . The hiss and static comes from out of no where and changing the channels does nothing to stop it . I 'd rather go back to my corded phone.There is also no volume adjustment on the ringer . It 's either on or off .
 I agree with other reviews ... this phone has week reception ... you have to pump-up the volume to hear people on the phone . You sometimes have to run to the base station because the signal sounds like it is going to drop-out . Look at some other phone . The programming of names and numbers is a complete nightmare .
 I 've had this phone for a little over a year . When I first got it I thought it was the best phone on the planet
 Very disappointed with this phone . Phone does not hold its charge , sometimes will not pick up at all . When the phone does work the reception is poor !
 This was a great phone . It started malfunctioning 9 months after buying it . Thumbs down .
 Do not believe 2.4 GHZ!I ca n't even call this `` cordless '' . It does n't work when I bring this out to my yard.It drops the call when trying to pick up the call.My 10 year old cordless phone works better than this -LSB- junk -RSB- .
 Bought the non Caller ID version of this phone as a replacement for my older GE cordless phone a couple of days ago . Needed the mute and headset capability during business calls . Although I found the digital answering machine to be quite good , allowing you to manage messages with ease , the STATIC was so prevalent that talking for any longer then a minute or two is unbearable . Even switching channels does nothing to improve the static . Disappointing as I wanted to like this GE phone . Will be returning it today .
 The worst Phone ever ! Static , unable to clearly hear or talk . works when it feels like it . . answering machine is annoying and works when it wants too ... looking for that reciept . . i 'll pay the $ for a panasonic . . again . . you get what you pay for ...
 The sound volume decreased with time and after about a month it is so low that the phone is unuseable .
 It takes forever to charge and is difficult to charge since it has to be positioned just right or it wont connect with charger
 This is the worst telephone I 've ever owned ! I 've tried everything to clear up the problems with this phone with no luck . The static is terrible ! When I recieve a call I can only take a few seconds to let the caller know that I have to switch phones -LRB- to a corded -RRB- so that we can hear each other . Most of the number keys do not work properly and a number has to be dialed several times before all of the numbers work and the call can go through . In fact , in the past couple of weeks some of the numbers do not work at all . I 've trashed the phone and am now shopping for a replacement . I wo n't buy GE again !
 Terrible phone . Lots of static and no range
 I bought this phone as a backup to my 900mhz Panasonic and it is terrible . I find myself constantly asking people to speak up because I ca n't hear them behind the static . My own voice comes through too loud , and makes for a frustrating experience . My older cordless works much better under the same circumstances . I 'll be selling mine online , and I 'll start looking for a replacement immediatly .
 The problem I 've had with this phone , is that the number pad quits working on one side . I know of two other people who have had this problem with this phone . Before I took the phone apart , I could n't press the 6 . Now it 's the 4 . The cancel button just completely quit working , too . To make a phone call , I usually just go through the CID list and hope that the number I need is on there .
 This was another GE mess up , horrible static , you cant leave the base without fuzz or whistling . I hated it , not a good choice !
 It loses audio all the time ! WAY too much static . I ca n't BELIEVE this is a 2.4 Ghz phone !!! String and 2 cans is more sophisticated !
 I use it with a Cross Gel rolling ball -LRB- 0.7 mm -RRB- refill . Have used the pen for about 3 months . Did n't find ink quality/flow as smooth as a Pilot G2-7 gel ink pens . Cap caused scratches to develop on the the top of outer barrel as well as the black portion of the barrel where one typically holds the pen to write.The blue/chrome combination looks good ; but not worth the price given the flimisiness of the finish and quality/flow of ink compared to other -LRB- much less expensive -RRB- pens .
 I purchased this from Amazon two months ago , and the pen cartridge started receding within the first month . Now , it does n't even come out . Unbelievably cheap product from Cross . Major disappointment - because I love the blue , but I also like a pen that works .
 This pen lasted less than a month before the mechanism broke . Very nice to write with while it lasted . Still looks good . Buy something else if you plan to write with it . Great if you just want to look at it .
 Otherwise , it was a very beautiful pen to look at and to hold . I can still make the pen work by removing the top part and pushing the pen stick down . So glad this was n't a gift , except to myself !
 I LOVE the style of this phone ! I love how the top lights up BRIGHT RED when I 'm on the phone . I love how the mute lights up when enabled . I love the tone and volume controls and the fact that it handles two lines beautifully -- each lighting up green when active , red when ringing . Even the headset is stylish AND convertible -LRB- over-the-ear or over-the-head -RRB- ! If only I loved the QUALITY !! :--LRB- The sound is HORRIBLE . When dialing , the tones are deafening -- to the point of pain . Seriously.There is also an irritating noise . It 's sounds like an auto-gain control -LRB- maybe the noise-cancellation -RRB- that induces a hiss ONLY when someone is speaking . If there is silence on the line , it is silent . When someone speaks -LRB- me or the caller -RRB- the hiss joins in . Fortunately , the callers ca n't hear it.Also , people say they ca n't hear me very well . They say it sounds very thin compared to my cordless phone.I 'm really sad that this beautifully designed phone fails to perform . If I can get over the BLARING TONES and the ANNOYING HISS and the POOR SOUND QUALITY , I 'll keep it . Otherwise , I 'm taking it back .
 When you pick up the T20 , your are immediately impressed with its attractive styling , solid feel , and quality construction . Unfortunately , after you plug it in , you will not continue to be impressed . Dialing a number is painful , to your ear . Even with the volume turned completely down , the dialing tones are excruciatingly , and unnecessarily , loud , and the ringing you hear for the next few minutes wo n't be an incoming call . The microphone is a failure in design . It only extends part-way down your cheek , not to your mouth , leading to comments like `` You sound like your sitting across the room from a cheap speaker phone . '' That is if they can even hear you , and do n't hang up . Plantronics really needs to consider revising the design to incorporate a voice tube ... This should have been a great product , but based upon the two significant shortcomings I mentioned , I can not recommend it for purchase .
 If this product were only as pleasing to the ear as it is to the eye ! But it 's not . After more than a quarter century of engineering headsets/amplifiers one would think that Plantronics would get it right . Wrong !! If I had n't destroyed the plastic package in which it came I 'd have returned this product without a moments hesitation .
 I 've had this phone for about a year and have been unhappy with it from day one . I should have returned it when I realized that the flash button did n't work but now I 'm back to buy another phone that actually works . The listening sound quality is okay , however , callers often tell me they ca n't hear me unless I jockey the headset microphone right to my lips and speak loudly . Having to locate the headset to answer a call is a real pain . I do n't think the description adequately explains the fact that you can not answer the phone without locating the headset , untangling it and putting it on your head first to speak . Also , the dialing tones hurt your ears when you dial with the headset on . Other than that , it 's great . : -RRB-
 Plantronics T20
 As I read the reviews here before purchasing , I saw that many people said callers could not hear them . One reviewer said , `` No problem . Just get a different headset . '' So I ordered.Well , that was an old review and the phone must have changed since then . Once I received the phone , I found that callers could not hear me well , as expected . But , the plug that connects the headset to the phone is not the typical plug you see on most headsets -LRB- 2.5 mm jack -RRB- . Instead , this was an `` RJ9 '' plug -LRB- like a mini telephone jack plug -RRB- . NOBODY makes a headset with this type of plug and Plantronics only makes one headset with an RJ9 plug - this one that does n't work.I also searched in vain for an adaptor that could enable me to connect a regular headset to this phone.I loved everything else about this phone , but if people on the other end of the line could n't hear me , it 's not usable . I had to return it .
 I 've used Plantronics headsets for years . I was surprised that there was no volume adjustment for the Mic -- every other Plantronics headset I 've used had one . I must have had a dozen people tell me they could hardly hear me in 3 days of use . No amount of adjusting the headset position on my head solved the problem . . I had to pull the mic nearly into my mouth for people to hear me easily.Pity - other than that , it was perfect . I 'm returning it .
 Purchased T20 , but headset says T10 . however , people cant hear me , and I have to yell to be hear . I need my headset replaced to one that can be heard
 I use and love my Plantronics Bluetooth headset for my cell phone , but this T20 for use in my office is TERRIBLE . As others have said , the talk volume is far too low , while the dialing tones are painfully loud . To top this off , I just called Plantronics tech support to see if they could suggest some way to make the talk volume higher , and I was told they have not had ANY other complaints that the volume is too low . I then asked if they knew that the dial tones were far too loud , and I was told that they had NO complaints about that either . Do n't they every read the reviews here?This T20 is going back to Amazon . Does anyone have a suggestion for a good headset for a wired telephone ?
 Here 's what 's wrong with it : * People are constantly telling me that they ca n't hear me -- the microphone is way too quiet . The phone does not use a standard 1/8 '' plug , so you ca n't easily replace the headset with one that will work better . * The light that tells you which of the two lines the incoming call is on does not light constantly when a call comes in . -LRB- It 's only on where there 's actually a ringing sound , but not between rings -RRB- , and you have to know which line is active before you can pick up -LRB- there are two switches , one for each line -RRB- . So , you have to sit and stare at the phone for several seconds until the light comes on before you can answer . I usually guess wrong when I just pick one or the other of the lines . There 's no `` pick up whichever line is ringing '' button . * It 's very difficult to determine the position of the volume control . Since the control wheel is on the side and is very smooth , you ca n't even tell if you 're moving it when you run your finger over it . * The phone does not go off hook automatically when you start dialing , so you have to remember to select a line , first . * There 's no caller ID , which is obvious from the picture . I thought that this lack would n't be a problem , but it turns out that I rely more on caller ID than I had thought.In all , the phone is pretty worthless . I strongly recommend against buying it .
 I have owned many Cross pens in my life and have always felt they were of excellent quality . I purchased this pen , the Cross Century II Medalist Ballpoint Pen , in November , 2011 , and when it came time to replace the ink cartridge , I removed the cap portion , replaced the cartridge , and , upon replacing the cap , it no longer fit tightly and securely . I felt that it could easily fall off and get lost . I requested a replacement or refund and was told that because it had been longer than 60 days the Seller , Most Exciting Stuff , would do nothing about it . So I contacted Cross directly and have sent it in for repair or replacement , however , I had to pay a $ 10 processing fee up front . I feel that an item that is defective and is only 2-3 months old should be replaced free of charge . It has been at least a month and I am still waiting for the pen to be returned to me . I am disappointed in both Cross and Most Exciting Stuff , unless Cross ends up refunding the $ 10 fee once I get the pen back.The pen was very nice and attractive , however . And Amazon is always very prompt with deliveries .
 This product is not at all what I thought it would be . Sure its cute , but overall the size is too small and the chalk holder impossible for kids .
 Before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . I have a number of older Cross pens that say `` USA '' near the top , and they are great pens . However , I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . The top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . The first one I got , I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their `` lifetime guarantee , '' only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a `` handling fee '' attached.I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . So later on when these new colors came out , I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.My advice
 If you ever wondered what became of engineering grads who were at the bottom of their class , Conair must be their primary recruiter . Do n't buy stock in this company because their products are uniformly dreadful . I wish I had paid more attention to the other reviewers ' comments before embroiling myself with this lousy clock telephone radio . The set looks pretty , but it is a disaster.Why?Nothing could be more ineptly designed . It used to be so simple to set the time . Not in this model . You have to go through multiple steps to set it , as though you were at the control panel of a jet aircraft . Why make such an easy function so complicated?The so-called backlit panel is a joke . They actually used DARK digits so that it is impossible to see the numbers ! You need a magnifying glass -LRB- literally -RRB- to make out anything . To see the display in a dark room , well , forget it . Also , the dim switch has no effect.The alleged lighted keypad is another joke . A few numbers in the center only are lit . So , to make a phone call when the room is dark , all the digits you are dialing need to be in the middle row if you expect it to be lit . Or , you need to develop braille sensitive fingers to feel your way around the keypad.It is also impossible to read the display for the radio tuneror the alarm clock setting.So , in conclusion , if you are buying a clock radio to be able to use the phone at night , to select a radio station , or even , -LRB- heaven forbid ! -RRB- tell the time , this is not for you . The only award it may ever win is for incredulity that any company would have the nerve to manufacture it .
 they just die ... twice in less than a year !
 Conair has a knack for making products that look like exactly what I want . This is what tricks me into buying them . However this is the 3rd Conair Phone product that I have purchased that just flat out did n't work when I took it out of the box . None of the buttons on the unit worked . I was unable to set the clock or do much of anything . Useless . Seek a more quality product elsewhere .
 Why is n't there a list that shows the dimensions of the clock radio/phone . It has to fit on a nightstand , so it should have dimensions .
 I work in a small construction office and have used several different types of faxes , printers , computers etc. . One thing I have noticed is ... HP is putting out more junk . What happened to durability ? This fax is an absolute pain . We have had it about 6 mos . and it jams up all the time . We clean it constantly just to get a few pages to go through when it jams up again . The paper feeder is flimsy , taking it in and out to clear jams is hard on it . After recieving 7 of a 10 page fax , it jams , you clear it then it starts all over again with page one ! My office mate is over there right now trying to recieve a 12 page fax for the fourth time . Not happy ... . Update , we returned it to HP and got another , one that had been used and for good reason dumped back on HP , same problems as first . Very poor design , check out Brother Intellifax 4100
 We heard nothing but good things about the HP 920 . So , when our fax machine took a dive , we ordered the 920 . We were impressed with the ammount of pages you could send at once , since we send on average of 3-10 pages at a time . When we received our FIRST 920 it started taking 4-5 pages in the feeder at once . We returned it for the SECOND 920 when it started doing the same thing , the whole fax would go through all at once instead of one page at a time . At this point we called HP direct and received number THREE . Well to make a long story short , number THREE is going back and HP has struck out !
 I had my 920 fax for about a year , and it seemed to work just fine . However , for some reason , the rollers started `` clacking '' real bad , and , I got error messages when trying to replace the cartridge -LRB- message said it 's the wrong cartridge -RRB- . So all in all , it 's ultimately just a pile of plastic junk destined for the trash can . I have taken the unit in to see if it can be fixed , but wo n't spend over $ 80 to do so . There 's probably a more dependable unit out there than this one .
 The machine was great until it took a power surge . HP refused to help and kept sending me to the toll line for customer service . They sent me a photocopy of the user manual as if I could not -LRB- and had not -RRB- read the one that accompanied the fax . I eventually had to call my credit card and contest the charge because I could not get HP to even listen . HP refused to let me return it past 30 days despite the alleged 1 year warranty .
 Major feeding problems . Can not copy or feed multiple pages for printing . You must stand next to the machine and feed one at a time . I have never left a review before in my life , but I would hate for my worst enemy to buy this machine . I am going to carry it out and put it by the curb right now .
 ... I constantly have to send faxes multiple times because of paper jamming . It has gotten to the point where it jams on the very first page now . ...
 First , I should say that I was n't expecting to buy a high end machine for this price . I was looking for a light duty machine for home use . This product goes way beyond disapointment . It has difficulty in shredding almost all types of paper . It will often leave large sections intact , and READABLE . Kind of defeats the purpose of why you would buy a shredder , do n't ya think ? It is a noisy unit that also jams very easily . I do n't know where the 5 sheet capacity came from , but I can tell you this , mine has trouble handling one sheet at a time ! You would do better with a pair of scissors , or better yet , give it to the dog ! Either one would be faster , and far less aggravating !
 We bought an FS5 for home use . We do n't have a home business or anything ; we just wanted to shred the usual address labels and old statements . We bought the FS5 which CLAIMS to shred up to 5 sheets . Forget it . We just spent 20 minutes trying to shred 30 pages - ONE AT A TIME - and it still buckled under the `` load '' . If we tried 2 pages at once , it jammed . While the reverse feature works very well , the forward jams constantly . If you try to shred more than a single page thick , it does n't cut all all - just leaves an impression where the blades ran over the page . What a waste of money !! t
 Can I give it -3 stars ? I guess not ... This shredder was awful . I recently bought it . I figured `` how complicated can a shredder be ? You put paper in it and it get shredded . `` I was wrong ... This machine turns paper shredding into an excercise in self restraint . I had to restrain myself from throwing it out in the yard . Talk about frustration ... The box indicated five sheets of paper ... What are they talking about , tracing paper , tissue paper ... It jammed on the first sheet . After several minutes getting it unjammed , I tried again . I figured I put the paper in wrong . Stupid me ... Put the paper in wrong ? How many ways are there to put paper in ? What was I thinking ? What a piece of junk.I kept it for several days . After this excersise , I decided it was more beneficail for me to have a bonfire in the front yard to incenerate my documents . Lucky for me , I was able to take it back and get my money back -LRB- a store credit -RRB- . I should have looked at Amazon for reviews first . Who would have thought that a paper shredder could actually not work ?
 GOT THIS -LSB- POORLY MADE -RSB- PAPER SHREDDER AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT - FROM MY BARGIN HUNTER SISTER - BROKE ON THE FIRST USAGE - WHEN I WENT ON LINE TO SEE IF THERE WAS MUCH COST INVOLVE - I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN IT WOULD BE THE -LSB- WORST -RSB- SHREDDER THERE , NOT EVEN WORTH THE SHIPPING CHARGES .
 Like another customer commented , this machine did an okay job while it worked , but after about nine months of light usage , it died . The first thing to go out was the trigger that turns the shredder on when paper is first inserted . That broke about three months after we got it . There 's sort of a manual over-ride switch on it , though , so you could keep it on if you were going to shred a lot of documents . We would have to use this switch to turn it on to shred even one document after the trigger broke . I would see about having it fixed , but it was really loud when it was working , anyway , so I think we 're going to spend more money next time to get a better model . I have to admit that it was pretty quick , though , and it did n't have a problem cutting through two or three pages at a time .
 I had this shredder for about 8-9 months before it finally died on me . It does a decent job at shredding five or fewer sheets of paper into 1/4 '' strips , however ; the actual shredding mechanism is not very durable . There are thin metallic disks with serated edges that cut the paper and if one gets out of whack , you are left with an un-shredded area that is -LRB- potentially -RRB- easily readable.For about the same price at a warehouse club , I bought a Royal -LRB- model 3500 , I think -RRB- seven sheet , cross-cut shredder that has impressed me from day one . The mechanism is much more heavy duty . This shredder weighs more than the Fellowes and flipping it over shows why . The `` teeth '' of the Royal shredder are much more substantial and look to be built to last a lot longer than the Fellowes . Another notable difference is in the actual shredding.For those not familiar , cross-cutting not only cuts the paper into vertical strips , but then cuts the vertical strips into smaller pieces . While the Fellowes FS5 will cut a sheet into around 35 strips , the Royal cuts it into litterally THOUSANDS . You can see how this would improve the `` security '' and finality of your shredding.The Royal shredder will also devour your old credit cards - a VERY satisfying experience :-D It sounds wierd , but once you start shredding , you will start searching for things to shred ... credit cards applications ... old bank statements ... cats ...
 Strip-cut shredding is not recommended for applications where true confidentiality is desired . A cross-cut shredder , on the other hand , produces large confetti-type paper bits that can not be puzzle-pieced back together . It would seem to be the better choice . This shredder is heavy-duty , which is a good thing , but strip-cutting does not ensure nearly the degree of confidentiality in your destroyed papers as does cross-cutting , and for that reason yopu might want to avoid this shredder in favor of an equally heavy-duty cross-cutting one .
 I was very dissatisfied with this product . I can understand that a shredder would shut down if it overheats BUT this machine shuts down after 2 or 3 minutes . Then you wait fifteen or twenty minutes and can use it for another 2 or 3 minutes before it shuts down again . VERY AGRAVATING and it can take you days to shred any amount of papers .
 Recently returned this item due to the fact it would not meet our needs . Item was smaller than I thought although if I had read the entire description , I would have known and not purchased it . Total size is about as big as a large coffe can and the opening is very small . To shred a regular size paper , you would have to fold it in half the long way and insert it . I guess it would work if you wanted a small shredder on your desk and only shredded credit card receipts and such . Picture was a little misleading on size .
 I bought this shredder from mmoreforless on Amazon and they did not say it was refurbished . It arrived wrapped in dirty paper towels -LRB- to soak up the leaking oil -RRB- and in a torn Little Debbie Snack Cakes box . Maybe okay from ebay , but not from Amazon.But the shredder works fine . It is permanently stained from the oil , but is useable .
 When I first opened the package , I said to myself `` Wait a min ... is this what I paid for ? '' Because it was tiny ~ !!!! LOL I was like `` You got to be kidding ... ~ !! The smallest shredder I have ever seen in my life ~ !! '' I bought it for my home office use , and spent hrs researching for the best kind to buy , reading review , and etc. . I finally got my `` well researched '' item in hand , ... and and ... ~ !!! Well , I guess I will have to stay with this for a while . It is UGLY design and color to go with it . Besides its Made in USA . SIGH ... SUCK . Will see how I will get used to this tiny machine sitting in my home office ... may be I will spray paint it , since its so ugly . As far as Size , I can not help it ... I can not imagine anyone would make such small paper shredder ~ ! What were they thinking ?
 The first time I used this shredder , I thought it was great . It cross-shredded documents into small , 2-inch strips.The third time I tried to use it , it stopped working . The gears would grind to a halt , and the shredder would apparently get stuck . I could reverse it and free the unshredded paper , but there would be little fragments of paper littering the floor . All the usual nontechnical fixes -LRB- unplugging and replugging , letting it cool down , etc. -RRB- failed to fix the problems.Maybe I got a lemon , but I would warn buyers to be careful and consider carefully if this is the shredder you want .
 This shredder is not intended for continuous -LRB- more than sixty seconds ' duration ! -RRB- shredding , or even shredding more than a half dozen pieces of paper one at a time . Inexplicably , it turns itself off after the briefest and mildest of workouts , as if to cool down . It stands to reason that if you need a shredder , you need one that wants to shred . This is not the one . There is at least one other inexpensive shredder on the market that is up to the task of average home-office shredding .
 Be carefull with Fellowes quality . After my first S40C-2 model shredder did not work , I took it back to Best Buy and got a replacement . The second one also failed to work , not sure if it 's the power cord or if my Best Buy store got a defective batch . After reading many reviews it seems that lack of quality is endemic to paper shredders of several brands . The editorial review also mentions 4 sheet capacity and an indicator light , while the manual/box states a 5 sheet capacity and there is no such indicator light on the unit .
 I previously owned a fellows that lasted for two and a half years . After the motor just stopped working , I decided to go out and buy another Fellowes . This , I have to say , was a dissapointment . I used it for about two days , then on the third day , the blades must have gotten out of alignment and started grinding with eachother . Then I heard a loud clank , and the motor had stopped , but continued making a sad groaning noise . The poor motor started to overheat , because I left it on while trying to see what was wrong . My reason not to buy this product , is Fellowes does not make products like they used to , or maybe I just got a lemon .
 It states 5 sheet capacity for shredding , but you are lucky if can get through one without jamming . Though it may work with 5 sheets of tissue paper !
 I have owned this shredder for a few weeks . It worked well for a while then it started getting clogged -LRB- with only 1 sheet of paper -RRB- . I would reverse it and it would clean it self out , then clog back up with the next sheet of paper ... DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !
 The Fellowes S40C-2 Confetti Paper Shredder -LRB- 30400 -RRB- by Fellowes is incorrectly labelled as a Confetti shredder.It is a cross cut shredder creating strips or pieces 5/32 `` x1-3 / 13 '' . A Confetti shredder should have pieces about the size of 1/2 '' x 1/2 '' or near it.I rated this unit only on the description , because I would have bought it thinking of the small piece it would create.But it does not So , I will not buy it.I already have a Cross-cut shredder and was looking to upgrade to smaller pieces.So , Thanks anyway but No Thanks .
 I bought this shredder to shred receipts and other paper . Receipts are too thin to depress the `` auto-on '' sensor . There is no always on option . I 've returned this item .
 I bought this shredder looking for a good cross-cut shredder . It looked great because of size and conveniece and security for cross-shredding . It would only take two pages without sounding a bit stressed . On day three , it died . I returned it , thinking ... `` yeah , there is an occassional problem child . '' I exchanged it for another . The new one started good , fast and quiet . It could easily do four pages at a time . However , I prefer to do one to two pages as not to stress the motor on these things . `` Houston , we have a problem . '' On day five , the motor blew out . I returned it , bought a Royal Orca3500 , which has only managed to last two months . Is there any shred -LRB- ar ar -RRB- of evidence out there of a good quality shredder ?
 This shredder came with a mechanical sensor rather than an electronic sensor . Therefore , you may have problem in turning the shredder on if the paper is too thin . The designer should have either use an electronic sensor or put in a `` Always '' on switch . This is a poor design .
 I purchased mine in July 2004 . It was never that great . It died January 2005 . Problems : - Does n't really produce `` confetti . '' You just get short strips . Still reasonably secure . - The little gizmo that is suppose to start and stop the machine when you feed paper constantly sticks , so the machine needs to be turned on and off manually . -LRB- I can do that , it 's just not as advertised . -RRB- - Does n't handle more than 3 pages very well . - Tends to be sluggish . In 6 months it went through more oil my granddad 's Studebaker . - Lasted only about 6 months with modest use . I do n't shred more than 15 full pages a day on average.I 'll avoid Fellowes when I buy the next one .
 I have had my PS80C-2 for a little over 2 years . My cutterhead supposedly had a 20 year warranty . I regularly -LRB- every shredding session -RRB- oil the cutters with canola oil -LRB- recommended in the owner 's manual -RRB- and my useage is well below the claimed duty rating . Recently , the unit began to jam more frequently and the shreds started exiting as a single mass rather than as loose shreds . I called customer support and they had me inspect the bottom of the cutterhead for broken or missing plastic fingers . Several were missing . Even though these fingers are an integral part of the cutterhead and the cutter head wo n't function without them , Fellowes claims that they are not part of the cutterhead and that they are not covered by warranty . Still worse , they are not an available part so my only recourse -LRB- according to Fellowes -RRB- is to buy a new shredder ! Fellowes self-serving definition as to what is part of the `` cutterhead '' and what is not is at best dishonest . Do n't buy a Fellowes shredder for the warranty as they will define themselves out of honoring it . I did get a couple of years of use out of it though . So , if you can get a reconditioned unit really inexpensively , it might be worth a shot as a disposable product .
 When it says glide ... it means glide . Very strange and could not get used to it . I do n't need the gel wrist to glide and I just took the mouse pad out of the rest and using that . Disappointed .
 I purchased this assuming it would be a bit more fluid in movement . I do not think it really works with your natural body flow or assits as I hoped with reducing wrist strain due to heavy mouse use.Product is stable and otherwise comfortable but use is not relaxing IMHO .
 I have an older one and should have paid more attention to the newer posts . The new wrist rest is way , way too hard . Almost useless now .
 I had an old one of these that I have had for many years , and I really like it . So I decided to get another one for my other desk.The packaging shows a photo of the old one -LRB- the blue/yellow striped background photo in the packaging -RRB- . But the item itself is the new version.The old version has a thick squishy gel material that is very comfortable and has lasted well even after these many years . The new version has a much more firm material , is flatter , and is n't sloped . It is n't nearly as comfortable.Since the packaging still appears to show the old product , I suspect that this change occurred recently . So all of the glowing reviews listed here on Amazon are for the old product -LRB- which is indeed a great product -RRB- . I ca n't recommend this new product.Scott
 I had bought this product some years ago and it has been terrific . The gel wrist rest was and still is very comfortable . I decided to get a new one as it had gotten quite dirty . This new wrist rest is the same model as the one I have . However , the cushioning on the new one virtually does n't exist . It felt very hard and uncomfortable . The one I 've had for 9 years and have used every day for that period of time has at least twice the amount of cushioning in the rest as the new model does . So very disappointed as this rest looks very nice and fits perfectly on my keyboard tray .
 I 've been using one of these for years and it finally fell apart . I ordered the same product and the padding is about half as high -- it does n't support my wrist like this . Totally disappointing .
 I had a mouspad from Fellows for many years before it started to get a bit grubby , and the fabric cover over the gel pad began to stretch , so I decided to get a new one , as well as a keyboard wrist pad . I was somewhat excited when it arrived , until I opened the packages and discovered two dismaying features . First was the overwhelming mold smell that emanated from the fabric cover , then the hard , insufficent padding . I purchased the Fellows brand because of the soft pillow-like cushion that helped my tendonitis , and here was a product that was no better than some cheap imitator from the discount store . I had no choice but to pull the old one from the wastebasket and use it as usual . What a disappointment . This was a waste of money .
 This is a very comfortable mousepad to use , however I did n't pay attention to the size and when I received it found that my dell mouse -LRB- an older scroll wheel mouse -RRB- took up 40 % of the scrolling surface area . I 've had to compensate for this so I 'm not constantly lifting the mouse by drastically increasing the pointer speed so the pointer moves further with smaller movements . It 's a quality product but only works well with small mice .
 Although the gel wrist rest on this mouse pad works great the rest of the pad sucks . I do n't have enough room on the mouse pad to move my mouse around . When I run out of space the white plastic frame around the actual pad makes my mouse stick . I have only had this product for 2 days and I am already shopping for something new .
 I bought the newer Fellows mouse pad to replace my old Fellows mouse pad . It lookded exactly the same but , they have changed the wrist pad . It is not as squishy and it is not as high as the other one . Not nearly as compfortable as the other one .
 The product itself looks to be what I need , however , product came in an open package and product looked used . I think I paid enough for a new mousepad and not a return item . Probably will not ever buy from this seller again . That practice is very unprofessional .
 I bought this mouse pad because I mainly want a wrist rest . The gel pad was a little bit high but it 's tolerable . After a year of long term use , the gel sunk in the middle and it 's not coming back out . I find it hard to use now and looking for another one . If you 're looking for a mouse-pad to use for a long time , I would n't recommend this one .
 This product is just too small . A regular 99 cent mouse pad from Walmart is better than this product . I have to constantly pick up my mouse to manuver my screen . I was so frustrated with the item that I pushed it aside and grabbed a nearby magazine to use as a mouse pad . Believe me that magazine did a 100 % better than the Fellowes pad . The wrist pad is great , but if you can not manuver your computer a nice comfortable wrist rest will not be needed . I wish I could return the item . It 's creators did a very poor job of thinking through its design after manufactured . So Welcome to `` Made in CHINA . '' We send our plans to China , they slap something together and return to America . I do not recommend this item to anyone until or if Fellowes looks at the design flaws of their product .
 I was surprised the gel wrist pad is not very high and looks nothing like the product photo . It looks as if Fellowes is trying to save money by reducing the amount of gel in the wrist pad and making it very thin . It is pratically the same height of the mouse pad . Not only does it not provide any elevation to suppor the wrist , but the wrist pad does not have much cushion and is not very comfortable .
 Agree with other reviewers . This is NOT the same quality as the original . I ordered a few of these and sent all but one back since a client seemed to like . The biggest downside is the wrist pad is smaller , harder , and does not come off of the plate like it use to . I still have my original -LRB- 60143 -RRB- on my desk after 10 + years and am completely satisfied . . was simply hoping to pass on a quality product . No joy here .
 I prefer gel to memory foam wrist pads so I thought I would like this product . It is too hard and was very uncomfortable for me to use . I have already given it away .
 This item was too small . I ca n't use it and did not use , but I kept it . I ca n't describe an experience because I have not had an experience .
 The cards go into a very tight compartment , and must be pushed in . My cards are standard size.The cards come out in poor condition . The edge on my cards look like a scissors tried to trim them.I found this -LRB- see link below -RRB- at Staples , although it 's sold here at Amazon , I did n't see this on my original search - perhaps I filtered only for Amazon Prime eligible : This is much better for my purposes - thicker - but the cards come out fine.http : / / www.amazon.com/Rolodex-76657-Profile-Personal-Card/dp/B001PMG8MQ
 You can get this at walmart for 1/4 of the price.The quality is poor . This is not what I expected at all . Not worth it .
 I bought this wallet in a rush looking only at the picture . But the picture shows completely different wallet , Samsill Vinyl Address/Business Card Binder Holds 200 2 x 3-1/2 Cards , Ebony . Actual wallet you get looks like a cover with 2 pockets -LRB- inside -RRB- on both sides to keep business cards stuck together in a pile , Samsill Regal Leather Business Card Wallet Holds 25 2 x 3-1/2 Cards , Black orSAM81220 - Regal Leather Business Card Wallet . The wallet is really nice , well made but does not suit my needs . The picture shows that you can display business cards in rows , that was something what I was looking for . I am really , really sorry that I have to give only 1 star since the picture and the description do not match . And I can not believe that Amazon has not changed the picture yet -LRB- update 06/22/10 -RRB- . UPDATE
 This business card does not hold 25 cards . I have standard size business cards and can only fit 12 -LRB- six on each side -RRB- . You might be able to fit a few more but you have to cram them in . Even with 12 in the holder its still not easy to pull out your cards .
 1 . This product comes with an instruction manual that is in Chinese only .2 . The LCD screen is very dark , making it difficult to see anything on it -LRB- i.e. even when set at max . brightness -- it either has no backlight or , if there is one , it is very weak -RRB- .3 . The audible voice pronunciations are very poor and hard to understand -LRB- both in Chinese and in English -RRB- .4 . The batteries that came with the product died within only couple of hours of use -- replacement batteries have lasted a couple of weeks , so far -LRB- i.e. the product does n't drain the batteries excessively , but the included baterries are junk -RRB- .5 . I would not recommend this product even for half the current selling price ...
 These envelopes are pretty thin . ALSO ... why are they shipped in a box with no lid ?? Now I have an open box standing around and that bother 's me . Makes me feel I bought a used item . Who knows if there are even really 500 in there ... who 's going to count . A box without a lid automatically gives you the feeling of an incomplete product . So sellers ... common get your act together .
 Thing broke after 3 weeks of use . Not ever sure if i can return it . Never buying this piece of crap again .
 Bought to replace my 25 year old Swingline stapler that was hit and miss . This PaperPro is cheaply made . Broke after using for 31/2 months . Some staplers stop working well after using for a while , but this one just plain stopped working .
 This stapler gave me about 2 months of good use and then it started to malfunction badly . I tried everything and finally threw it in the garbage after 2 months . Rediculous
 This stapler die within 2 month of non-rigorous use , I was using regular staples so I 'm not sure why this got such good reviews . Waist of my money do n't buy .
 This stapler works well in most conditions but be aware that I got injured trying to fix it ! Always keeps your hand out of the place that the staples come out and always direct that part away from your face because I got a couple of staples in the palm of my hand and a friend told me that once the flying staples barely missed her face . Despite being a great product when works I am not planning to use it again .
 Got two of these for Christmas . One works fine ; the other worked OK briefly , then only intermittently . It will staple once , then subsequent staplings are failures . When you empty it to start over , you lose plenty of single staples . Also , when you reload the staples by pushing the `` thing '' back in place , it causes the staples to bunch up . It 's just a headache when it should be a problem solver ! It is wasteful , frustrating and a waste of time and money . The one that works is good , quick and easy . I think they 're tricky to load , however , and the other reviewer is correct , that when the staples `` fly '' , it can get hazardous .
 I bought one of these from Office Max . It worked great out of the box , really easy to staple . I 've had it for about a month now , and many things are wrong . The staples usually get stuck in the stapler , I need pliers to get them out . The plastic part that holds the staple retention slider has completely broken off , and an internal spring has broken off . I recommend spending a few extra dollars for a decent , time-tested stapler .
 This stapler does not function . I was looking for a &#34; one touch &#34; that opens for versatility , but this one does not fit the bill .
 We attempted to purchase via a feature to select from an open package in the warehouse to save a few dollars . Of the two purchased , one does not operate correctly .
 1 . Arrived . 2 . Unpacked . 3 . Put staples in . 4 . Stapled papers 5 . Does n't work . 6 . Repeat steps 3-5 a number of times
 Cutter did n't work.AC Adapter did n't work.Won ' t print labels.Return pending.Would never buy one of their products again .
 A real pain to use . Fiddly to key information in , tape supply spool jams practically every time . I dread using it .
 I was happy with this product when I first purchased it but now I want my money back . I used the labels to put my name and contact info on photo equipment -LRB- compact flash cards , lenses , cameras -RRB- but the text faded making the labels pointless . -LRB- And on a few items the labels started coming off -RRB- It 's probably fine for other uses but the labels do n't last on things that are in the elements and being handled on a regular basis . I 've used a more expensive labelmaker in the past and have n't had a problem with the labels fading or coming off -LRB- and they looked nicer too -RRB- . This is a classic `` you get what you pay for '' situation .
 Lasted a couple months and the printing started getting faintand little it faded practically away
 This label maker does what it is intended for -LRB- basic labels -RRB- , however 6 AAA batteries are about 4 too many in my opinion . The keys are in alphabetical order which is also difficult to get used too . Refills are pricey too and are not readily available at office supply stores .
 Very poor quality . Cheeze plastic . Cover over tape dispenser would n't close . Could n't make the product print anything , after inserting 6 new AA batteries as directed . Wasted about 10 inches of tape trying to thread the tape through area in label maker to make it print . NO LUCK ! Very displeased with this product . Have owned Dymo label makers in the past and never had a problem . Maybe I 'm getting too old for gadgets ! : - -LRB-
 Just like a number of others have reported on this site , the display gave out after a year or so of use although the unit was well taken care of . But while it worked , it was a great little unit - very convenient and efficient . I think I got my money 's worth and since I still have left-over label tape -LRB- the really expensive part of this proposition -RRB- , I will probably buy another one .
 I received a Dymo Letratag Personal Label Maker for Christmas - What a disappointment ! On the plus side it is like a `` mini-computer '' -LRB- five languages , many symbols , etc -RRB- . On the minus side :1 . I promptly went out to find more tapes colors , and metallic .2 . Boy , are they expensive ! $ 8-to - $ 9 a tape in my community ! 2 . After trying the metallic tape twice , my results were that only the bottom half of the tape was printed on ! I called Dymo , the lady on the phone told me that my batteries must not be fresh ! I told her they were brand new ! The `` color '' tapes only work with the optional A/C adapter , she went on to tell me ! 3 . At this point I repackaged the `` Letratag '' and returned it for a refund !
 Was happy with product when I first got it . Found that the tape tends to jam which wastes tape . Now the display has become unreadable . Put in fresh batteries but did n't fix problem . I have owned it for a year but it has only printed four rolls of labels in that time .
 My LetraTag is in like new condition since I used it very infrequently the last 2 or 3 years and I am also very careful with my stuff . Now the display has gone bad . It looks as if there are a lot of segments out -- so you can not tell what letters or numbers you have typed . If it is just a very basic short label you can manage , because it still actually prints correctly , but it 's very difficult to use it now that you ca n't read the LCD anymore . New batteries did n't help . I am sort of ticked off , seeing as how I bought several replacement cartridges too -LSB- expensive -RSB- and now they will go to waste . I contacted DYMO support via email with no response .
 Infrequent use . Batteries are good . Called the company when the screen became unreadable , letters were partially blank . Lady said it was out of warranty and no repair was available . No logical reason for a cared for unit with little use to fail.Do not buy this product and look to avoid this supplier . I will now go to Brother and try the P-Touch .
 I 've had this item -LRB- DYMO LetraTag Personal Label Maker 11944 Silver -RRB- for almost two years . When I first got it I was happy . It worked as advertised . I did n't use it much . Mostly it sat in the drawer . It looks like new , but the display has failed to the point that I can not read it . THAT SUCKS ! It still prints labels fine , but I can not see what I 'm typing until I read it on the printed label . Reading Amazon reviews , I see that this is a fairly common problem with this model . I would NOT recommend this item .
 The LetraTag machine is fine however the labels do n't stick AT ALL . Do n't waste your money on this one . I will NEVER buy from this company again .
 This is an inexpensive , adequate label maker . However , if you 're the mother of children in daycare and you have to label bottles , or anything that gets washed , forget it !!! The tape disintegrates in the dishwasher , and I have a steam sterlizer , and any plastic tape I use turns dark brown in the sterlizer.I also wish I could make the letters more narrow , they 're really thick , and it takes up too much room when labeling narrow items . Also the tape does not bend that easily , so if you 're putting it on a surface across hard edges , it will not stick -LRB- plastic tape -RRB- .
 This is a really slick , handy-to-use labelmaker that I love to use but the label themselves do n't stay stuck very well ... in fact the metal labels curl up after about 10 minutes on most surfaces . The paper is a little better but not much .
 This shredder sucks . It worked for a little while , then as soon as there 's a paperjam it overheats , wo n't reverse , wo n't move or anything . I only put in 6 pages so I do n't know what the big effing deal is . Now it 's just a piece of junk , because to be able to unscrew the top off you need a special long , skinny screwdriver , which I obviously do n't have at my office.So needless to say , do n't bother , just invest more money on a better quality product .
 I 've had this for years . It `` works '' , but I tear my hair out unjamming it every third time I use it . UGH
 I would rate ZERO star if I can . Received a defective shredder out of the box , the shredder is obviously been used as there are still some papers jammed on the blade although the seller , amit16 , claims the shredder is `` brand new '' ! HUH ? If you want to waste $ 10 to buy a trash can and a big trash , go ahead ! OR You can also pay $ 10 to ship the defective unit back to get your $ 4 refund if you are such bad luck like me . Good luck for shopping !
 There 's no way this thing can shred 6 pages at once ... I 've jammed it with 3 constantly , and now the only thing I shred with it is mail -LRB- of course with this machine I have to remove the envelopes first -RRB- . The only way I can imagine this thing doing what the company says it can do is if someone 's shredding pages from the bible ; any thicker and you 're stuck.Yes , it is cheap . Even if it were cheaper , it 'd still be a waste of money . If you 're out to see how little you can spend on something that 'll take care of documents , grab a pack of matches from a gas station and burn your papers in the sink -- it 's less annoying than using this thing .
 It was a crushing disappointment , primarily because I did n't know what I was getting and what I got was not remotely what I wanted . I used it once and put it back in the box . I intend to try reselling it on e-bay .
 Do n't buy this if you are looking for a translator that pronounces -LRB- speaks -RRB- words . It sounds like early 1980 's computer voice synthesizers and the result is very poor . Enligh is my first language , and it is difficult for me to understand the English words it speaks . Some of the words , I could only understand because I was looking at the written word on the screen at the same time I was listening to the spoken word . When I tried the French words on several native French-speaking people , it was difficult for them as well . It does written translations OK . The user interface is a little bit awkward and not very intuitive .
 Do n't buy it -- WAAAY OVERPRICED !! The buttons are cheap , and the voice is not clear . There is no French dictionary , contrary to the advertisement . I wasted my money , and I ca n't send it back . By the way , G. Hallaq , who writes a good review of this computer , is the guy selling them !!! Cheat !!!
 do n't know about this version but I got the english-french one and yes I agreed with other reviewers that buttons are cheap ... voice is not clear and not durable . I ended up having to buy a new one from another company later on because it 's just horrible . now I am taking up a new language and I am surprised I have not found a good arabic - english dictionary out there .
 This product is intended for adults only . My son found this online because he loves blimps and wanted it to play with . The balloon that was sent was only for one time use and was way over priced for that purpose . My boy popped it within the first hour and was extremely upset . Also the balloon was NOT shaped like a blimp but like an egg . My advise for this product is DO NOT BUY IT ! . I is way over priced and is completely NOT WORTH IT !!!! IT does not look like the picture AT ALL .
 This toy is so flimsy that it is basically disposable . Also , the motors that `` drive '' it are barely effective - especially to raise and lower the airship . I would never get this for a child , they would certainly be frustrated and disappointed . I would reccomend not buying this item for any reason . I have seen airships that look like this at events like basketball games - often dropping T-shirts to the crowd . Those were awesome . This toy is nothing like those blimps .
 You have to really like blues to like this cd . I have a hard time with it . Do n't think I 've listened to the whole cd yet .
 The product may very well be excellent / 5-star -- but NOT indsicating / knowing how many `` units '' one gets for $ 8 is a NO SALE !!! Indicating UNITS for each item being sold should be MANDATORY -- A NO/NO/NO BRAINER !!!
 As of this writing , this product either gets a raving 5-star review or a dismal 1-star review . Hmmm ... that 's got ta make you wonder ... Well , my personal experiences with this thing is very much in line with the reviewers who have given it a 1-star rating.I had trouble with two of the receivers right out of the box . One of them did not respond to the transmitter and the other gave off a faint sound that was barely audible from a few feet away . As for the remaining two `` functioning '' units , I doubt they 're anywhere near the 85-decibel alarm touted by the manufacturer . I took mine to a brick and mortar Brookestone store and exchanged it for another unit , which I tested at the store to make sure that it was working . Strike one.I was thrilled at first thinking that `` Yes !! At last ! No more lost keys or remotes ! '' Wrong ! My joy was short-lived because a month after exchanging the Key Locator , the response from all the receivers became sporadic . As Murphy 's law would have it , it failed to function right when I needed it most . Infuriating ! Strike two.Periodically , the receiver attached to my keychain would spontaneously beep - not something you want it doing at inopportune moments and I 'm speaking as one who 's had to endure some embarrassment because of this little malfunction . Strike three!That 's when I gave up on it entirely . By then , the warranty had run out and I was unable to return it . Recently , I discovered that all the units had ceased functioning altogether.I found another key locator called loc8tor -LRB- sold here at Amazon -RRB- which has earned a place in Time Magazine 's Best Inventions for 2006 . Somehow , it had n't turned up on Amazon 's search engine when I searched for `` Key Finder '' . But if you use `` loc8tor '' as the search string , it will show up . Although it costs almost 3 times as much as the Brookstone Smart Find Remote Control Key Locator , I 'm going to take the plunge and try it out . Hopefully , it wo n't be an utter disappointment like the Smart Find Remote Control Key Locator is.Still , as one not usually given to lopsided judgments , I decided that this product was not utterly worthless : Pros ----- The aesthetics of the Smart Find Remote Control Key Locator makes it perfect as a desktop ornament . - A perfect example of form and function , the Smart Find Remote Control Key Locator is not only aesthetically pleasing , it works admirably when used as a paperweight.Cons -- It does not work.There you have it . I 'll let you decide whether the pros outweigh the cons or vice versa , but choose wisely .
 I reviewed this item under a nearly identical title , so check that one as well.I had a keyfinder from a california company , which I think is now called the keyfinder . But it was $ 25 or $ 30 for just one , and the sound was very strange ... sort of a high , odd pitch . It sometimes took me a long time to find the keys.So , when I saw this , I thought it would be an upgrade.Mistake one ... I attached all the `` ringers '' to the items BEFORE I really fully tested the device . One color NEVER worked . But , since I had already attached things to various devices -LRB- and it is HARD to get them off ... I still have the dead ringer on the back of my cell phone -RRB- , I decided not to take it back . 3/4 colors working was still okay , I figured.Within 30 days , another color failed . Within another month or so , all colors were dead . I tried replacing ALL the batteries , very carefully . No luck.Unless this thing has increased its warranty -LRB- and you can take it back into a brick and mortar Brookstone for a FULL refund without a receipt , or at least get full credit without a receipt -RRB- , it is NOT worth it . My recollection is that it only had a 30 day warranty when I bought it.I actually regret not making a bigger stink about this at the time it failed , but I figured I would just not shop at Brookstone again.There ARE good keyfinders out there ... do n't give up .
 This thing plain does not work . the first day we opened the box they worked as long as we were within 6 inches of the lost keys or remote control , but by the next day they did n't work at all . If we fiddled with them for an hour we could get them to work temporarily but a couple hours later they did n't work again so when an item was actually lost this system was useless . I could have tried to resell them on amazon , but I would have felt too guilty selling such a worthless product , so I just threw it away .
 I did my research on key locators because I wanted to get one that was effective enough to remedy my fiance 's perpetual key-finding problem . This key finder worked the first few times sporadically and then , after less than a month , completely ceased to work.I do not recommend that you purchase this product .
 Initially it showed promise but failed miserably . It is absolutely a piece of junk . Amazon should stop selling it immediately .
 Good concept but this product is absolutely terrible . The alert system is either nonresponsive or inconsistent . When it does work , you can barely hear the sound to find what you 're looking for . I suggest a different product that has the same function . Save your money and skip this .
 Does work as advertised . Can not find a TV remote control when it 's 2 feet away under a pillow .
 I would not consider buying this product . Received this Smart Find Plus from my daughter for Christmas a few years ago . Should have returned it to Brookstone immediately and got a refund of $ 60 . It worked inconsistantly and than did not work at all with any of the remotes . The remotes for the tv remote controls were attached so well that you can not remove them without breaking them . How this product made it through quality control , does not say much for Brookstone and their products . Called Brookstone today , and they were of no help what so ever . I thought maybe there was a simple fix until I read the reviews of those with identical experiences . Best use of the product would be in The Landfil with all the rest of them and I believe Brookstone would agree .
 This paper is kind of strange . I guess it would good if you wanted to do prints simliar to postcard feel .
 I ordered the 5x7 white mailers and was sent another size , after two attempts at contacting the vendor by email to correct this , and getting no reply , I do n't feel as if I could honestly review them .
 Ordered broad tip blue online since broad tip not available at Office Sleepot . Anyway it worked for a day and then dry as a bone . Now I am using a medium tip black . Do not buy from these clowns as their inventory seems a bit old .
 This telephone is terrible . The buttons - usually the ' 2 ' - would often stick , even though they 're just electronic contacts , resulting in a contant squeal of the tone while it dialed one digit 10 times . The message retrieval would also often become hung - one could not listen to or delete the messages . After two years of putting up with it , the last time it did this to me I just put my fist through it and threw it away.AT & T ; should be embarassed to have their name on this telephone .
 Well , this is a weird one . The display dial feature does n't work right . On my phone , if you hit the display dial of the number on caller ID , I get someone totally different then the number shown . For example , I hit display dial for a florida number , and got someone here in Pennsylvania . Would not recommend this phone .
 What is most important to me in a telephone is sound quality . Unfortunately , while we have features galore these days , phone companies universally use cheap amplification and lousy speakers and microphones . This phone is no exception , though I would say it is worse than most . Especially if you use the medium or loud setting , the sound has hiss from cheap amplification . I carefully read the customer reviews here hoping to get some idea of the sound quality of this phone and several people commented that it is good . Do n't believe it . Many might find it acceptable but it is certainly not ` good ' . Also , as several people have commented the spiral cord connecting the receiver to the body of the phone is ridiculously short . I 've never encountered such a short phone cord . I tried to hook up a cord from another phone but it wo n't work as this cord has an extra wire and consequently a different phone jack from phones which do not have the caller idea in the receiver itself . Lastly , as others have commented the body of the phone is thicker than other slimline type phones making it somewhat less convenient to grab with one hand to move it around . I am looking for a new phone . If anyone can suggest one which has GOOD sound quality , please post here . Thank you .
 The sound was fine but the red light -LRB- signaling that the answering machine was on -RRB- was too large and too bright ; the neighbors could see that light . There was ONE ring choice , with 4 pitches , but the same annoying ring . I 'd try to turn the ringer volume down and accidentally mute it altogether . And the LED was unreadable from a seated position . Really , just an awful phone . I tried AT&T models 1856 and 1855 and they were virtually identical in their pros -LRB- sound quality -RRB- and cons -LRB- features , annoying light , bad ringer , very bad LED -RRB- .
 I 's say it 's just OK . For the price , $ 30 . But you can probably do better . Main problem is it communicates with you only by voice -LRB- I mean settings , etc. -RRB- . That 's mighty peculiar , since it has it 's keyboard and enough display space to take input far more conveniently.To make or change or reset something after a power loss , the voice goes through every setting in a fixed sequence , so you have to listen to all the ones you do n't care about and want to leave alone . Then when you do want to change something , like the minutes on the clock , you have to press a key repeatedly to get increments one minute at a time , instead of just keying in a number.There are two 3-digit codes -LRB- Remote Access , Priority Caller -RRB- it has to ask you about one digit at a time . Again you increment that digit one press at a time
 This System is a poorly designed device that is hard to believe everreached the retail market . The display is impossible to read , instructions for setting up the system are not clear.I could not find anything good to say .
 We had high hopes for this phone because it had the wanted features . The caller ID , the answering machine & the auto dial did not work at all . The speaker phone , after a call of several minutes , would fade out & sometimes return . You can apologize to a friend , but this was not amusing when on a business call.We appreciate Amazon for taking care of the problem .
 When I received this item the first time , the call ID would not work . I returned it for a replacement . When the replacement came , I had the same problem . I returned it this time for a refund .
 I bought one of these systems 18 months ago - the first one broke down and AT&T replaced it BUT I had to pay for mailing cost . Now after 12 months the second one has broken down . It will not take messages . The phone works and the answering system is answering but not taking messages . Very disappointing experience . Do not recommend .
 Very disappointed with features of this phone as a replacement for an older Ameritech phone . Unable to store more than 7 numbers . Have no signal that a voice mail has been received . Have now purchased another more expensive phone that features what is missing with this phone
 I 've owned two of these phones . On the first one , the speaker phone mic stopped working , and I returned it . I also noticed the buttons were kinda sticky . I exchanged it for a new one , and the speaker phone worked fine . The buttons on the second one were sticky too , and I thought they would work better over time . I was wrong . The buttons got so sticky the phone became useless . I could no longer dial a number , as the buttons would stick in the pressed position , and enter the number several times . I lost the receipt , so this second phone went in the trash .
 A frustrating phone to use because of the hard-to-see lcd screen and the confusing and non-intuitive user interface . Be prepared to rerecord your outgoing voice message many times in the future after accidentally deleting it while attempting to replay , delete , or clear the lcd screen of old incoming messages .
 I bought this phone/answering machine to replace my previous AT&T phone/answering machine , which lasted for 15 years before it stopped ringing . This phone is awful . The number buttons all stick unless you only push on the edge of the button . The sound quality for messages is very poor . My outgoing message sounds like I am underwater , and incoming messages are less clear than I would like .
 Actually , this is about a predecessor model 1818 which was bad to begin with -LRB- poor tonal quality -RRB- ; the speaker then began fading in and out both for phone calls and for message replay , and finally , the buttons stopped working entirely -- all within the span of six years of fairly limited home use . When I compare this machine with the durability of my old Panasonic tape machine , which lasted over 15 years , I rate the AT&T product as wholly unacceptable . Even when new , the tone quality of the message recorder was so bad , it was often difficult to decode messages and , more importantly , call-back numbers .
 The phone quit working properly about 1 year and 6 months after purchased . Since I bought it with my amex card I may get them to extend the warranty . The microphone in the phone must be the lowest quality mic that can be bought as everyone on the other end complained of not being able to hear me , so I ended up having to pick up the reciever way to often . Finally the thing could no longer even record the messages at a consistent volume . That was the last straw since I need to record the incoming messages to another device it became a worthless desk ornament . I hope my extended warranty saves me the cost as I now have to go and buy another phone . A desk speaker phone is not rocket science and AT&T used to be a trustworthy name , no longer all their work apparently goes to the lowest bidder . I feel cheated of both time and money . Their will be no other AT&T products gracing my desk in the near future . Stay away if you are looking for quality that will last , I wish I had .
 I have spent the last three days trying to program this phone and it just gets more and more exasperating . There are 30 buttons on a 41/2 by 41/2 inch area and if you touch the wrong button , it is either erasing the information just entered , changing the settings , or recording phone conversations or ambiant noise . The read out is hard to see and it has only recorded one caller ID and now that functon has stopped . My other phone with caller ID is still recording the information so I know there is nothing wrong with my phone service . Yesterday it started blocking all outgoing calls altho I can still get incoming calls , I do n't have a clue what is going on with this phone . In the past 10 years I have purchased well over 500 items from Amazon and this is the first time I have ever had any kind of problem . I know there are good reviews with this product but the one I have is a real DUD .
 bought two , both died . poor quality . buttons stick . speakerphone sucks . volume rises and falls making it hard to hear caller on speakerphone and on headset . lcd display is okay in well lit office .
 Recieved product as discribed . Thought quality wold be better than this . I have purchased many items from Opteka and all were higher quality than this unit.I have tried several times to get negatives in focus with this product and discovered that you have to play with the different macro lenses to get a proper focus on every negative.Also where the assy screws to the camera it just keeps spinning and never tightens . Threads look clean and undamaged on the unit and all my lenses screw properly and very easily to my camera adapter . The leveling part of the unit is `` turn in one direction only '' , this part is very very tight and you have to use to much force to turn it making it very hard to get negative in a level position.If money wasnt so tight right now I would pay shipping to return it , but I can not afford it so I will live with it .
 This product looks nice , and functions well - However , the drawers were bent and did n't go together well . Took much work to get them to go together correctly and to appear straight when closed . I ordered two of these cabinets and both had problems .
 This is the biggest piece of crap I 've ever spent money on . The drawers are crooked , I have to wrestle with them to pull them open and push them closed , and they make a terrible squealing sound the whole time . Oh , and the drawers are too wide so hanging files do n't actually `` hang '' in them , which , you know , is kind of the whole point . But I 'm stuck with this piece of crap because now it 's fully assembled , the box has been recycled and there 's no way I 'm interested in disassembling it at this point to send it back . Huge waste of time and money .
 From day 1 this printer seemed to LOVE jamming & shredding paper . It almost NEVER printed more than 3 consecutive sheets without a problem . There seem to be at least two distinctly different types of jams -LRB- one actually mangles paper ; the other just stops with the jam light on after printing a page -RRB- , and the printer chooses between them at random . It 's now sitting in my garage , awaiting the next `` heavy trash '' pickup day .
 Intially thought this was a great copier/printer and a great price . However , after 6 months of use the original unit I bought had a paper jam that could not be fixed in any manner other than sending it back to Sharp . I have received my replacement unit which after 1 day has had the same problem . To Sharp 's credit they will send me a third unit but it is on backorder and they have no idea when they will have a replacement unit . I do n't know if this is a chronic problem with this model or if I 'm just unlucky enough to get two units with the same problem .
 I bought a Sharp AL-1551 copier/laser printer well over a year ago . To date , Sharp still does provide a Windows XP driver for this unit . The Windows 98 driver provided requires manual intervention with every system start-up and the driver is very slow and bogs down my system every time I print.Several calls and emails to Sharp have either provided a canned non-response or else have pointed to conflicting `` alternate '' drivers -- none of which are satisfactory . These alternates do not work and their installation is totally non-straightforward . I think this proves that Sharp does not care about customer satisfaction and is out of their league in the printer market and it also demonstrates uncaring support for its users.This is what I get for straying away from HP for printers.Maybe others will read this and consider it before buying a Sharp printer .
 Print quality is only fair - blurred text . Forget any kind of small chart or image.Ribbon is not in a cartridge , making it hard to load.There is no tray to catch pages.Main advantage is a small footprint .
 Many of the tabs -LRB- roughly 1-5 and 16-21 -RRB- are too small to effectively label . This is only adequate if the preprinted numbers 1-31 are exactly the labels you want .
 It wrote most of the time , but it leaked and some of it leaked onto a white couch which is just about impossible to get out . Thank goodness the carpet was dark - who knows how much got on it . It just plain was a poor quality for such an expensive and high caliber type pen .
 Great amount of cards for the price , but they were very small , and the quality was flimsy . Very thin paper . However , I bought them for my friend for her bridal shower and she seemed to like them , and used them .
 Before I ordered the Staple Free Stapler I read several reviews and thought this would be a neat little gadget to have on my desk at work . Once I got the stapler and tried it out I was very disapointed in it . Some reviews stated that the papers stayed together and it worked great . With much disapointment I found my papers did not stay together and it actually takes more time to use then a regular stapler .
 This functions , sometimes . It 's curious and gimmicky . I prefer useful and dependable . It punches out three sides of a little flap and a little slit . After you remove the paper from the gadget , you tuck the flap into the slit . Much of the time , when you pull the paper out of the stapler it rips off the little flap , leaving nothing to tuck . Maybe on a day of severe boredom and lots of practice with scrap paper I could master this little thing , but I do n't see it ever replacing my trusty Swingline .
 It immediately looked like a great idea ... to not use staples . The first time I used it , it worked just dandy . It took one to work and tried to `` punch '' 4 pieces of 20 # paper together . That was a bad idea . The little Eco Staple Free froze and it took a bit of work to remove the papers jammed in the little thing . I 'm afraid it never survived after that . Its little metal knife inside just swung loosely . Tossed it in the trash . I believe that you are instructed to not use more than two sheets at a time . However , I do n't have the instructions , so I can not confirm that . It is certainly a conversation piece , but will not replace the utility of a real stapler .
 I bought it for the office thinking I 'd save some corp $ on staples ... Needless to say my coworkers laughed at me . Well , I only use it to temporarily hold a few pages together , instead of using a paper clip , since this stapler wo n't keep your papers together for a long period of time . It 's been jammed a few times , and I refuse not to use it -LRB- I have to prove the coworkers wrong -RRB- So , if you need to hold only a few pages together while sorting or filling , then this will work . If you are looking for something that completely replaces the functionality and strength of a real stapler , then this is not what you are looking for .
 I was very excited about the prospect of this item and even ordered 2 of them for stocking stuffers . It does not work . Does n't even begin to latch even two papers together . Amazon would do well to drop it from its offerings , as it is a sham .
 I ordered this item from thinkgeek to use at work . I work in immigration and the government hates staples ! Unfortunately , they also do not appreciate the big hole this stapler leaves on the paper . And I do not like that it does not work most of the time . And if the paper does not get tucked in properly then you are just left with a hole in your paper and need to staple it anyway . It is a cool idea but does not really serve any purpose . I can not use it at work even for my own internal papers because it does not staple more than three pages and often does n't work even for 3 pages . I do n't have the time to play around with this thing so I requested to return it , was told to keep it and got a gift certificate for the cost . It is pretty disappointing as I was very excited about the idea of this . I can not recommend it for practical use but its a cool concept and conversation starter .
 Junk.It 's a neat idea executed poorly . The `` stapler '' does punch out a tab and cut a slit in the paper , but it fails to tuck the tab into the slit . This is a problem for two reasons . First , the hanging tabs of paper catch inside the devise when trying to remove your paper . Secondly , you now have to flatten out the tabs of paper and try to push them up through the slit . This makes it far too troublesome and annoying . I bought two to use in my classroom , and both are junk .
 Chews up the corner of the page and t looks unprofessional . I bought this because someone at work had one that worked like a charm . That tells me that the product is inconsistent and thus an unreliable purchase .
 Does an OK job but each hit leaves a big hole in the paper and the tab does little to hold the papers together . If you do 3 hit across or 2 at a right angle it is an improvement.Great idea , poor implementation .
 The V-Tech 2931 purported to provide a power failure backup solution with an optional battery , However , the phone will only work if there is a power surge prior to a blackout . If the power justs goes out , the spare battery provides only a paperweight functionality . V-tech 's documentation on the website speaks to the ability to provide a power backup solution yet the documentation that came with the phone only speaks about having a spare battery that is charged . Upon contacting V-Tech by phone , I received a very disinterested customer service staff who explained that the phone worked like it was supposed to work . When pressed to speak with a supervisor , I was told that they were unavailable and that they would return my call . Since it has been 2 weeks since that conversation , I guess I should n't continue to wait by the phone for that call back from the supervisor . I will simply return my purchase and try my luck with a Uniden solution -LRB- which , by the way , works like it is supposed to -RRB-
 Bought this two line to replace a Panasonic single line I have had for years and was very disappointed . Signal drops less than 100 feet from base , volume using one of several headsets -LRB- all of which work fine on my cell phone -RRB- is too low , no mute on handset , and a speakerphone that cuts out . Returned !
 I bought this phone , absolutely loved it , but when it was just over a year old -LRB- just out of warranty -RRB- , I broke the belt clip . Called V-Tech , they said they could n't get a clip for it any more . I asked to be bumped up to a supervisor , who nicely said that they were just on order , not in stock , and would I like two when they got them in ? I said yes , but two months later when I called , even though they have a record of me as a customer in their system -LRB- located by phone number -RRB- , they had NO RECORD of the previous conversation , and again told me that the belt clip was no longer available.Nice phone , but I will NEVER order another V-Tech product , because of poor customer service , and being lied to . I have three of their phones , one now has a display that is funky , another has sticking keys . I will eventually replace them with ANY brand except V-Tech , and them write them a letter , telling them why .
 This phone is just ok , but has some major usebility flaws . Top 2 are :1 . No way to switch from handheld call to speakerphone without major feedack .2 . Most annoying is when you are on line 1 , and line 2 rings , and rings LOUD in your ear , and your voice is muter to ther person on the other end at the same time . I do n't know about everyone else , but this is a business phone to me , and when it sounds like I have call-waiting to my customer on the other end , it 's amateur hour.Only problem is I bought this phone after I returned a 2-line cordless Panisonic with similiar issues.It 's like wating for Gadot . Hopefully I 'll find the perfect 2-line cordless phone someday ; I 'm not holding my breath .
 ... and the lack of that ability makes this telephone totally UNACCEPTABLE !!! Very unfortunate.I 've had a 2-line 900 MHz VTech for years and was only looking to replace it because the display was finally starting to break up , and it did n't know how to deal with the 10-digit dialing now required in my area.I tried VTech 's spendier 2.9 GHz phone , but returned it because it was too complicated to use and I could n't read the darn screen ... way too tiny , and absolutely impossible to see in any dim lighting !!! I decided to revert back to one of their 900 MHz models tonight and was just thrilled when I got the 2931 home . It was an improvement from my old model , because not only did the base have a keypad , it also had a display . Best of all , I COULD READ IT !!! And it lit up nicely . I was SO excited ... for about 10 minutes , until I realized that it will now show when an extension has one of the phone lines in use . How ridiculous is this ??!! You pick up the phone and are clueless whether someone else is already using the line ! How can it be that a feature that worked perfectly fine in their older model is gone in their newer one ??!! I went to the VTech website , and was discouraged to see that it 's not just a defect in the particular phone I bought ... they know about this problem . In their Frequently Asked Questions section , here 's what they say for WHY DOES THE LINE IN USE INDICATOR NOT LIGHT WHEN AN EXTENSIONIS IN USE
 I am very disappointed that after only about a year , the keypad on the handset went bad . I called VTech and they basically told me that I had to buy another new phone.Guess thats what I 'll do ... It just wo n't be another VTech . Very disappointed in the quality and customer service . I will never buy another VTech product again !
 As a satisfied owner of VTech ' single line phone I was surprised to find the programing and caller ID retrieval functions far more complicated on the 2 Line phone . Another feature lacking on the `` new '' 2 line phone is the ability of the phone to recognize which line is ringing and automatically pick of that line when the handset is removed from the base . My 10 year old AT & T 2 line phone does this and I miss it .
 The sound quality of this phone is awful . Sometimes you hear a dial tone from the other line . The phone cuts out and rings loudly when the other line rings . I wish I would have returned it . I 'm putting this thing in the basement and buying a better quality phone .
 I too was disappointed to realize that this phone does n't have a line-in-use indicator , and that the backup battery will not power the phone during a power outage . Both features were present on earlier VTech models . Also the speakerphone is n't nearly as good as my previous model VTech 2-line . This phone is a big step back , feature-wise . What really burns me is six months out of warranty , the displays on both the base and the handset are losing segments . The handset is no longer readable , and both displays get less readable by the week . VTech wants over half what the phone cost to repair it , and I 'm afraid it will just go out again in a year . I do n't recommend it .
 in Office Max and Staples . Brought mine before I came across these reviews . The message and call light were cute features . Very convenient . But the volume was too low whenever I added a headset . And the phone kept searching for channels whenever I went to the other end of the house -LRB- 30 ft away -RRB- . I 'm returning it this afternoon for a better model .
 I have owned this for a year now ... and not used it for about 11 months . If you are asking yourself right now , `` Do I need a staple-free stapler ? '' the answer is probably `` no . '' It holds things temporarily , but you really ca n't `` trust '' it to keep the papers together like an ordinary staple will . That 's an ok for some things , I guess ... but it 's what paper clips are for !
 It holds paper together for about 5 minutes , maybe , as long as you do n't touch them or move them.Sounded so exciting , but it 's not actually worth anything .
 I purchased the stapler for use in my classroom . I find the staple free stapler to be a great novelty item but not much use as a stapler . The bond made is just not strong enough abd papers become unattached easily .
 I bought this as a Christmas stocking stuffer for my son who is environmentally conscious . I was not pleased at all . It 's collecting dust just like the other similar stapler that I purchased . Would never make the mistake again .
 I 've just received this product . I was tempted to buy it from the photos and when I received it I found that it 's a cheap looking design and not very light weight.Additionally , it was not well packaged and it has arrived defective -LRB- probably from transportation -RRB- . But unfortunately there 's nothing I can do about it because I 'm outside the states and returning it will cost much more than the item price.In short , I 'm sure there are better alternatives .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007W15Z0/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleBought it.Stuck with it.Piece of Chinese crap.To get a refund , all you have to do is diaassemble it , cram it back in the box get an RMA , and pay for shipping.Maybe the best bet is buy a chair from -LSB- . . -RSB- that you can actually see before buying .
 Installed phone per instrucion manuel , handset will not recongize the base unit . $ 70.00 wasted . I am in Iraq and dont ' t have the means of returning defective product . Oh Well we are use to getting the big one .
 This compass set looks nice , I suppose . Comes with no instructions , which is n't a big deal if you know what you 're doing and can figure it out . I spent a few minutes at first trying to put the various pieces together , and now I 'm pretty sure what all the objects in the box do . Anyway , none of the compasses locks , such that I tried to draw a circle , and the compass expanded during the circle , so I have a partial spiral . That is not the shape I was going for . There are tightening parts on the hinges , but they do n't tighten to the point that there is no movement ... they just get stiffer . I need no movement , otherwise I can not actually draw a circle . I would return the set if it was n't such a production to return items on here . I 'm not sure what the solution is ... I 've never actually found a compass set I like . I just want to draw big circles . I feel I need a stencil or that I 'd do better with a tack and a piece of string than this . At least string does n't expand appreciably like this compass . I 'm pretty disappointed with this product . Oh , and there 's no way to attach your own pencil . You have to use the small pieces of lead provided . If this set was usable , I 'm not sure what I 'd do once I had used up all the lead . Anyway , this will probably just go into a drawer and be a point of regret forever . Do n't buy this item .
 My purchase was very poorly packed for shipping and as a result 10 % of the merchandise was broken . There was no packing materials inside the package so the contents were loose and fragile .
 The folders are decently built and seem to be sturdy enough . My one complaint is that the labels are just tossed in the package not as a sheet but piece-meal . You must hand-write every single label . They are not printer friendly in the slightest . I do n't see how this is still acceptable after years of standard label sheets made for printers ...
 On the product page it says this product is 13.3 '' wide , which is exactly as wide as my filing cabinet . It turns out that is the width of the box not the width of the tabs on the folders which is only 12.5 '' wide - so the product is useless to me . I 'm not sure how I can be sure I am getting the right width folder if I cant trust the dimensions supplied .
 ... Unfortunately , while I found it very easy to operate and very compact , I found using it to be quite disappointing . The first word I looked up was the German equivalent of `` train '' but the Seiko did n't contain `` train , '' `` train station '' nor `` locomotive '' in its dictionary . Considering that much of European travel is done by train , it seems a pretty basic word that should have been included in an item aimed at European travellers . Ironically , they did include `` trainer , '' which I think is far less necessary than train . The currency converter is useless - most of the buttons are for currencies no longer in existence since the Euro is now the standard in most European nations.Almost all handheld multi-language translators have some common drawbacks and this one is no execption . Here are some examples
 I bought this device because I thought it might help me on a vacation to Spain . Boy was I disappointed . The number of words especially common travel/tourism related-words , that it knows is small . The unit is hard to operate . Even the travel alarm is poorly implemented . Save your money . Buy something else -LRB- like a good phrase book -RRB- .
 I misplaced my manual if I ever had one . I agree with most of thee a copy o g mcomments stated . I am disappointed with it in that for a quick glance you can not read the instruction when you open it . I do n't know if when you close the lid that it shuts down the battery . I finally got the clock set and alarm but it was a challenge just from the instructions inside the lid or top cover . It would be nice if you had an off and on button to let you know that is was either on or off . I received an e-mail from the maker giving me the manual . It was worthless . It does not matter they do n't make this anymore . Do n't let anyone try and sell you one .
 PRO
 This translator claims to have 4 million bi-directional words . So I assumed this would be plenty to use as a dictionary . I am reading a good book by Perez-Reverte and I was hoping this would speed up my dictionary searches . I would say on average that 1 word out of ten registers . I 'm mad and I want my money back . or applied to a better product . Are you reading this , Seiko ?
 PRO : This is a basic translator for people that wants just one or two meanings by word , has a good tool with the Influence function that allow find the all tenses of many verbs , in three modes . The keyboard has a good size for the size of the machine.CON : English and Spanish are some difficult languages and some words have many meanings , this tranlator just gives you a maximun of three meannigs for some words , is slower take three seconds for find a meaning , and does n't have a space bar for compound words .
 Save your money . This `` dictionary '' must have been compiled by experts in Sanskrit . An amazing number of common Spanish words are not included . Many words , in both languages , are mis-defined . It is so awful , that I ended up checking the results against a paper dictionary ... which of course renders the electronic device useless.What can I say good ? The conjugation feature is good ... IF your verb happens to be in the pitiful lexicon . I also like the test and list functions . In other words , as long as you are working inside the dictionary ` s limited set and rule out the wacky occasional definition , it works fine . But , honestly , I would save my money .
 While the title for this product is technically correct -LRB- it is Epson 36x100 Semigloss Photo Paper -RRB- , when I received the paper it is actually the Epson S041642 , which is the heavier 250g paper rather than the 170g . It 's still not a bad price for the product , but it is listed incorrectly .
 Assembling this file cabinet brought the whole family together ! The machine work was obviously done in part by a bonobo and I 'd advise popping open a bottle of strong liquor so you can match your mental state with that of the designing engineer.It came out of the box with scratches on the glass top . `` Distressed '' is trendy now , right ? One side panel looked like it had been kicked around a cement floor a few times , but that 's okay because I 'm always reassured when a manufacturer conducts thorough product testing.You 'll need an additional set of washers to make the handles tight and flush with the drawer front because their holes are drilled about 1/8 '' too short . I was also delighted to find that one of the interior bits for the main structure had been welded in way too far so I let loose my inner urban MacGyver , filled the end of the connector with Goop , and lodged the screw into that . Who needs threading ?? Hooah!The grand finale was when a razor sharp piece of stray metal shaving on the back panel slid into my thumb when I was snapping it on.Two stars because it 's nice to look at , so long as you do n't get too close up .
 The product 's short comings are the lack of having a dictionary and the spell check is not broad enough in it 's search therefore it comes up short . I should not have purchased it . I have a preorder for Seiko dict/spell check/thesaurus model . Please find one ! Thanks
 it is not very useful , the size of screen is very small and the resolution is less . And now it is not working -LRB- i have purchased it abut three months back -RRB- . Would not recommend the product .
 I received this dictionary as a gift . I am a reader and look up words I do n't know . The idea was that I could carry this one around and look up the word at the very time I discovered one I did n't know.Unfortunately , I believe too much brain space of the dictionary is taken up with games and such ... which I do n't use . NONE of the words I have looked up since Christmas are included . I have come to believe that if I need to look up the word , it is n't there.A true disappointment.Examples
 I so wanted these scissors to work out!I really need a good pair of scissors and I like the Gingher quality which is the best I 've found so far , but is it too much to ask to make these scissors ergonomic too ?! I 've already purchased Gingher G-8SA Spring Action Shears 8-Inch , and although they are very sharp , they are so hard to use because of the metal handles , they pinch a nerve at the base of my thumb.Gingher GS-9 Lightweight Bent Trimmers , 9-Inch are very sharp , good plastic handles to protect my hand but it does n't have the spring action to make it easy to use !!! It is pretty heavy and even with a drop of oil ; I could n't get these scissors to work without an effort that hurt my hand again . It is a pain to open them and try to cut fabric fast.I simply could n't use them at all , I had to return them!Gingher , is it really so hard to get all 3 -LRB- sharpness , ergonomic handles and spring action -RRB- in one pair of scissors ?
 The delivery time was good and they were in good condition but they did n't last very long . They ripped out of my son 's binder not even 3 months into school .
 I bought this phone through Skype store and then returned it . It would automatically disconnect from the network . I could not hear the other person every other call . It reacts very slow to the keypad . The few available ringers are awful and not loud enough . It 's a nice toy , but it can not replace the land line . I instead bought Philips VOIP8411B and it works nicely .
 This phone worked for a while but then some of the keys started malfunctioning and was very hard to make calls out of it . I got an IPEVO and it has worked 100 % better than this one so far .
 I purchased the phone about a year ago . I used it for about 2 months and got so frustrated with it . Call quality was ok . Not the best , but nothing really to complain about . Battery life was ok too . I have had cordless phones with better and worse battery life.My biggest complaint was the phone not getting incoming calls . It seemed to not notice about 50 % of the phone calls coming in . Friends were telling me they were calling and I did n't have any missed calls on the phone . I dialed my self numerous times and sometimes it would ring and sometimes it would n't . I though it might be wireless problems , so I took it to a couple of my friends homes and brought it into work . Same problem . It just randomly decided which calls it was going to grab and which it was n't . It was too late to return it at this point and when I bought it I paid iirc $ 120ish bucks for it . The best use I got out of it was using it as a baseball . Although not part of my review it does not hold up well to a Louisville Slugger . By far the biggest satisfaction of my SMC purchase.Unfortunately because of this phone I will not buy/try another SMC product . I really think for the money these things cost they should be flawless when they are sold to the public , but we as consumer are ok and I guess expect technology to have problems and we deal with it and pay ridiculous amounts of money for `` works in progress ''
 Right out of the box , the phone would not connect to my Linksys access point with WPA encryption . I had to upgrade the firmware on the phone to the latest version before it would properly connect . Could only place clear calls if I was in the same room as the access point . I have a D-Link DPH-50U USB-to-telephone adapter which works 100x better , for much less money . If you need on-the-road skype service , I think that the Nokia internet tablet is a better choice . I returned my SMC Skype phone .
 So ... I ordered my first SMC phone from my seller and it arrived DOA for various reasons -LRB- 5 or 6 -RRB- . They were quite nice and sent me an RMA and we exchanged phones . The second phone I received was not a new phone , but a used phone in a sealed box . I am sure the previous owner would have appreciated me receiving a handset with all his SKYPE log-in info intact on the handset , if he knew -LRB- plus other data -RRB- . Anyway , I wiped the phone and restarted with high hopes . I used the phone for a bit but then it started going haywire . The display wo n't turn off so it 's like a night light all the time . Now , just tonight the number pad has become a slot machine . When you want to input a single digit you would expect to push once and get the first digit , twice for the next etc. ... typical text input from a handset . Not any more ... now when I push a key it scrolls through the available characters with great speed and where it lands no one knows . You have to be quite skillful to let off the key and get the right character . It 's very hard inputting a password since you ca n't see the character you entered . . :--RRB- So to close ... my experience with this SMC product has been very poor . I will never consider SMC again or another product from the seller , nothing .
 I bought this phone with high hopes of being able to use it like a portable phone around the house . I soon realized that the battery life was so short that I would have to talk with it plugged in or risk hanging up on people . I wish I would have bought a usb phone since they are much cheaper and the result -LRB- no portability -RRB- would have been the same.It is easy to set up and the interface is very simple , but I would definitely not choose to buy it again if given the choice .
 I bought this with great hopes for telephony freedom - the ability to travel anywhere in the world while keeping my number , and straight ditching my conventional phoneline when I got broadband ... However this was not to be.It 's reception is mediocre at best , if you 're leaning on the walls housing the hotspot , you 'll get reception - there will be no reception while driving , and although you may be able to check your messages with low reception , talking is hopeless.Conversation is laggy , and quite akin to 1950 's radio communication - `` Hi , how are you , over . `` Yes , you can have it on all day , perhaps even talk a good chunk of it , but two ? Absolutely not . Again , frustrating and kinda defeating it 's appeal to a road warrior.I bought a cradle for it , and that 's nice for battery if I 'm home , but does n't help it 's crappy firmware or power management.There is no ` lock keys ' on it at this time . I blew about a third of my minutes from it dialing my friends with it 's ghetto little stick control from my pocket.If you power it down after every call , you do n't dial out , but it 's largely a glorified pager at that point.It 's heavy , clunky , and it 's screen scratches easily.I called SMC and vented some frustration - I explained that I had better reception results using the Belkin firmware -LRB- this was an option a while ago , I have n't used this phone in easily a year ... -RRB- and detailed my frustrations listed above . The tech sent me a free phone , saying that he was sure I had a defective unit , and to accept a free one instead of going on a reviews rampage -LRB- my threat at the time -RRB- . Fine.Fast forward six months , and that tech is nowhere to be seen , any my little gift -LRB- which I did n't use because it sucked too -RRB- has become an advance RMA -LRB- where I send in the old one -RRB- . So SMC mailed me until I put 'em on the spamblocker.Avoid this terrible parody of communication , this nightmare of customer service , and buy something , ANYTHING else.The sound quality is excellent however , if you have good service , and patience for 2000ms voice latency .
 I was SO excited about getting this item . I thought I would be able to make calls at some places where my laptop can pick up a signal out and about and use it at home also . Well , this crappy piece of plastic does not even work at my house ! My cordless phone at home has a much better range.When people try to call you the phone NEVER RINGS ! You can be sitting right beside someone testing the phone for you and the call goes straight to voice mail . It is not a settings problem . It is just WRONG !!! You walk into another room just feet away and you have NO SIGNAL . If you walk in front of the phone in the same room with your internet connection your call disconnects . You can make a few calls if you sit in one spot but keep your fingers crossed because the call is likely to disconnect for no reason at any moment even when you are sitting right beside your internet access!If you are lucky you may make a couple phone calls without the phone disconnecting but make them short calls and talk really fast just in case . Do n't expect anyone to be able to reach you on this phone . You will be as if you are invisible.If you are at a location in the street where there is supposed to be free wireless access , you also can not move or let anyone walk in front of your phone . You ca n't even let a good breeze blow or the call will disconnect . That is IF you find a wireless access point where you do n't have to enter a WEP key or something.I was able to make one call out in the street at a wireless access point but of course the call disconnected within the first few words of the conversation . I can make a short call on it in my house if I hold my breath , do n't move and do n't allow any movement in the room.I do n't know if any of the other WIFI phones work but this one is ABSOLUTELY A PIECE OF JUNK ! Save your money unless you just want a toy to put on the shelf after one failed test call . I do better with Skype on my laptop at wireless points . At least that workss . I honestly HOPE they refine this so that it works because I really do want this type of product ... . But this is not it !
 This phone has promise , and does work . It shipped with a software bug that made it look like no connection was made , when it really did connect wirelessly . I had to research it , download , and update the phone with almost no tech support . Fortunately I do this sort of thing for a living.This is currently a geek item , not for regular users . Next generation may be more user friendly . On the plus side , it does work , does call anywhere just like my laptop , and with the headphone jack has good sound . That means the built-in ear port is too hard to hear , btw .
 The phone seemed to work ok with SkypeOut calls . However leave the phone unattended for a few mins and the phone times out , and will not receive SkypeIn calls . It did not have a reliable connection either . I am using WPA-PSK , and the phone would often drop the connection . If your looking to receive incoming calls use a landline , or Vonage .
 We got this phone to call to landline and cell phones in the US with SkypeOut . A few months later , we 've learned to avoid using it whenever possible.It constantly shuts off in the middle of calls , despite having nearly full battery . Throughout the day we hear its `` swoop '' sound indicating it was disconnected from Skype , for whatever reason - yet none of the computers on the network have any problems staying connected.The echo is so bad that nearly everyone we call mentions it - with the included headset , it is better but still a problem . And even at full volume it 's difficult to hear the person you 're talking to.The phone interface is unintuitive in many ways . Often it 's hard to tell whether you pressed one of the plastic keypad buttons or not - or whether the phone is just frozen temporarily .
 This product does indeed let you make wi-fi Skype calls . BUT , there are many problems . Probably the biggest is the fact that you can only talk for 20 minutes before the battery dies . In addition the screen is very slow to respond to keyboard inputs . This phone in no way lives up to the expectations created by comparably priced cell phones . Skype should not have endorsed this piece of technology .
 I bought this 802.11 G Wireless Skype Phone thinking that I can extend the use of Skype from my home to the many external location which offer WiFi . However , I do n't seem to connect from this phone to ANY of the free WiFi networks and the keypad if quite difficult to type your Skype unserID and password when I did connect . The phone is a complete waste since I can not even use it at home . I am now going to have by a wireless Skype phone for home use .
 was supposed to work with Mac but did n't and horrible support . Buyer beware !
 I needed a computer desk so after many hours of shopping online I though I found the perfect desk ... . I read review of this product in '' -LSB- ... -RSB- '' and it seemed that this was a descent product but ... -LSB- ... -RSB- 2 . Difficult assembly
 The Vaultz CD storage cabinets have potential for being a great product . It is unfortunate that they are almost non-functional . It took exceptional force to open the drawers . It was then impossible to close them again . The front panel of the drawer is too large to fit in the drawer opening .
 I found this product very hard to use in an industrial size laser printer . The 4x6 label keeps getting jammed in the printer and wo n't print correctly . I much prefer the 8.5 x 11 '' sheet of labels with 4 labels on it .
 Why are these so expensive on Amazon ? I use these on a daily basis and could never afford them at this price . I buy these at Walmart - 40 for $ 2.22 - regular price - The same goes for the individual packets - they are $ 2.25 per pkg of 16 from Walmart .
 Seller ripped me off for $ 25.97 This is a typical price for a case of 12 cans.Google it and you 'll see.Instead this seller sent one can of wet ones.For $ 25.97 !!!!!!!!! you can buy a can for $ 3 to $ 4at any grocery or Walmart in the country .
 $ 2.29 at Bed , Bath , and Beyond . $ 2.29 at Bed , Bath , and Beyond . $ 2.29 at Bed , Bath , and Beyond . $ 2.29 at Bed , Bath , and Beyond /
 Mac users are becoming a force to contend with ... I was able to find some form of software driver for the Mac but it was so horribly and limited in functionality that I could not bear to use it . It rendered this device useless and I could not afford the space to use it just as a cup holder ? I am surprised that something could look so nice and not work on a Mac . Usually only the really ugly stuff does n't work on a Mac , which is fine with me!PEECEE USERS ONLY ! Not made for a Mac
 I ordered this product from a company called Discount Office Supplies . The product arrived in a box that was hardly sealed up at all . When I opened it , there were no packing materials on or surrounding the appointment calendar book , which would have been very easy to do . Due to it 's exposure , the pages of the book were warped and it did not look very professional or normal.I called the company and asked to have a new one sent out . I noticed that the book was now on sale for two dollars less than I paid two days ago . The woman I spoke to told me that if I wanted a new one at the discount price , I would have to go back on the internet myself and order it again . -LRB- Also , I would have to repackage the old item for pick-up to send back to them , which was sort of ironic , since they never really completely packaged it in the first place . -RRB- It would n't have been so bad leaving it for pick-up , except when she told me I had to get back on the computer and do the whole reordering process again instead of them just crediting my account the two dollars , I could n't believe it.There are other companies that sell this product and the Discount Office Supplies place does not seem really worth the trouble of dealing with or very reliable.I wo n't be ordering from them again . For the record , the company that makes the book originally , House of Doolittle , may be a nice company . I will be letting them know of the difficulty I had with Discount Office Supplies.In my opinion , it was very unprofessional for Discount Office Supplies to not even put a piece of plastic wrap around the notebook , not seal the box properly -LRB- no sign of tape even being ripped off or falling off the outside -RRB- and then to ask a customer to waste even more of their time and energy . Now they have lost my business and probably that of anyone else who reads this .
 Never again . I paid over $ 17.00 for two 3 inch binders . They arrived with ugly bar code stickers affixed to the spine with some sort of adhesive that NASA needs for the next space shuttle program . Painstaking careful removal , followed with applications of rubbing alcohol - and there is still a sticky residue on each spine . If I wanted this sort of binder I could have gone to Dollar General or Staples .
 We rarely get more than a week or two of use on these before they dry out .
 I was disappointed in these pens . The ink did n't show up well so I had to buy others at the school supplies store .
 the display screen freezes up . it happens a lot . got to pull the battery out . then battery gose dead . & got to charge again . then it will happen again on all handsets
 I bought a set of these phones , one for my house and one for my parents . They were inexpensive phones compared to other similiar cordless sets but I guess I got what I paid for . My previous Uniden phone I liked much better than these . The dial tone has a lot of jumbled noise and my parents phones have a lot of static that their previous phones did n't . All in all they have n't been bad but I would n't buy them again . I 'd pay a little more and look for better .
 Amazingly poor sound quality . My calls were breaking up in the next room ! I have the base unit set up next to my computer -LRB- no wi-fi though -RRB- so I might be getting some interference from all the electronics nearby , but still , the reception is worse than my cell phone . I 'm giving this unit away -LRB- I do n't want to go through the hassle of packing it up and shipping it back -RRB- and looking for a highly rated 5.8 GHz unit.On the plus side though , having four handsets is nice and speakerphone capability on the base is a key feature - IF ONLY THE SOUND QUALITY WAS GOOD . Do n't buy .
 Phones had buzzing interferance , upon pickup calling party was not there all the time , volume always varied , either too loud or you could not hear caller .
 After thoroughly researching different models and styles , we ordered this one . Unpacked it from the box and set it up . We liked the larger view screen on the handsets , but one of them would not work . Talked to Uniden 's support line - VERY UNHELPFUL ! Basically , we had to pack the whole thing up and send the whole unit back when all we needed was just one replacement handset . I told them if I had to send the whole thing back , I just wanted a refund and would buy another product !
 Somewhat disappointed . After going through the unpacking excercise and installing all batteries etc. . Noticed that the antenna on the base unit was broken . Although the antenna is designed to move both horizontally and vertically , the antenna was completed disconntected from the unit . If you intend on using the base unit as a wall mount , make sure that you have ample room to accomodate the antenna and the phone .
 These are n't quite the worst staplers we 've ever had , but they 're awful . We got two of them
 Everyone in the pharmacy department has jammed this stapler at least once/daily - and that is a lot of frustrated jammin ' . We have loaded it with Swingline brand staples and still no improvement . Save your money . Invest in Bob Marley ...
 The heat generated by a laser printer shrinks the cellophane window causing the whole envelope to crumple . I tried three different printers . To add a return address you need to use a label , stamp or possibly an ink jet printer . To me , that does n't look professional . Will not buy these again .
 These Quality Park # 10 Redi-Seal Left-Window Envelopes are FLIMSY . I will not be ordering them again regardless of their cost .
 I made the mistake of ordering a box of # 4 Kraft bubble mailers from this vender , and received some cheap knock-offs that are not self-sealing . The description of the product is false advertising !
 the item is not good , no bubble meterial on the top and bottom area like other envelopes . How other reviews all say it 's great?Bought from seller
 These mailers are not good for mailing books which is what I purchased them for . Even just taking the mailer from the house to the post office , and they are already torn . Who knows what condition they are in once they arrive at their destination . I tried to contact the seller about these `` tough '' mailers but they have n't responded . Definitely not worth it .
 Compared to other # 5 padded envelopes I have purchased , these are of so-so quality . For this batch , the bubbles in the back top middle part of the envelopes are almost always flat .
 Just opened the box and the strips to cover the glue on the flap were lying loose in it , and I discovered there was no glue on the envelopes . I always keep an extra box on hand , so I opened it past the 30 day return day . Back to the tape , I guess.Could find no email address or phone number to see if I could get some company response .
 This chair ships with the NO COVER for the seat . What you get is a bare seat -LRB- foam and wood -RRB- . First time I thought it was a mistake , and AMAZON shipped out a new one . Same issue.The factory is telling me that it 's working with AMAZON to figure this out ... A week later , and I still have the chair that ca n't be used , no word from the factory , and AMAZON keeps thanking me for my patience.Stay away from this one for sure ! -LRB- Based on the factory response , I 'd stay away from any chairs they make -RRB-
 Beware ! If you purchase an item on a weekend and then try and cancel your order on Monday , you will still have to pay shipping . I got screwed and I wo n't ever order from amazon again .
 This phone was disappointing . I am packing it up to return it . I guess some of this has to do with the lag in the landline phones behind the cell phones . This phone is so slow to register your input that I end up repeating the number over and over . The redial only stores one number at a time . The ringer can only be set to off , low , high . The tone of the ringer is annoying . The base unit is n't easy to read as you sit , and when the hand set is in the cradle you ca n't read it either . It 's really not easy to read when you walk by either . You have to be in just the right spot . I bought it on sale for $ 45 that is still too high .
 Do n't buy thisThe buttons are cheap , and the voice is not clearWhen I tried the English words on several native English-speaking people , it was difficult for them as wellThe user interface is a little bit awkward and not very intuitive
 This dictionary sucks . I bought it last summer and it did me little good . The definitions are usually only one word , the max being 3 . They lump all of the translations together , so you kinda just pick and choose with no real idea of the difference between homonyms . There 's no way to actually look up Kanji but you can search with them -LRB- the only plus -RRB- , however , some Kanji are n't listed under the proper radical , and you must search through lists and lists of Kanji by stroke order . I highly recommend the Canon G50 . Although it is expensive , it contains extensive definitions of hundreds of thousands of words , as well as an extensive Kanji dictionary -LRB- however , Kanji definitions , meanings , etc are all written in Kana -RRB- . The G50 comes with an English manual and you can switch it to an English interface so it 's perfect for English speakers .
