 I junked my Motorola MD681 for this phone . I was skeptical about jumping into another wireless phone system , but I needed phones in some areas where there are typically no jacks -LRB- garage , attic -RRB- . After doing some research , I decided to go with Panasonics ' new phone system . Unlike Motorola , I see all types of older 2.4 Ghz expandable Panasonic phones still available for purchase from the popular retailers . So , this new phone should be supported for some time . Anyway , into the details . < u > The Good < / u > 1 . Handset
 I 've had the KX-TG5571M for 2 weeks now and it has worked flawlessly . I decided to get this phone when a $ 30 rebate was offered on the phone . This phone replaces another Panasonic cordless phone that worked on the 2.4 GHz frequency . However , that phone interfered with my wireless network every time I used it -LRB- I would loose my wireless internet connection -RRB- . What do I like about this phone ? First , it is small , smaller than the average cordless phone . It also fits nicely in your hands . It is a little narrower in the middle so it is easier to hold , just like a bottle . Second , this phone works on a 5.8 GHz frequency and does NOT interfere with my wireless network . Now , I do not loose my wireless internet connection anymore . Third , the speakerphone is a real convenience . If you have to go through menus when calling companies , etc or have to input numbers , putting the phone on speakerphone is a real convenience . Fourth , this phone has a nice big screen and a nicer interface . It now mimics the interface of many cellular phones , although a little cruder . The main menu has a menu that consists of six icons , which can be accessed through a joystick just like many cellular phones . Fifth , you can record your own ring tones on this phone . Just plug the included audio cable from any audio device into the phone and record your ring tone . Sixth , the talking caller ID saves me unnecessary trips to the phone as I can now hear who is calling . If I get a call that I do not want to answer I just do n't walk over to the phone to pick it up.What do I NOT like about this phone ? First , the buttons are a little small and may be a problem if you have thick fingers . Second , the numeric keys are made of hard plastic . I think this makes pressing the numeric keys a little flimsier and harder to do . All my previous Panasonic cordless phones I 've had had soft plastic numeric keys . The only other issue I have , is that answering one call on one handset registers as a missed call on extra handsets -LRB- if added -RRB- . I would assume that since this phone is one system , everything would work synchronous . This is not the case . However , this seems to be a problem with all my previous expandable Panasonic cordless phones systems.Some other things worth mentioning is that the call quality is excellent and the volume of the speaker is adjustable . Also , the answering machine works flawlessly -LRB- as do other Panasonic answering machines -RRB- . The answering machines works just like any other Panasonic answering machine . There are 2 pre-recorded greetings and the messages left on the machines can be clearly heard back . The phone comes with 7 ring tones , 4 of which are `` melodies '' . Also , the phone book can be copied to other handsets -LRB- if added -RRB- . The antenna is also really small , about 1/2 inch long . The phone also comes with a belt clip , which is really handy if you are `` busy '' and want to keep the phone close by . And in case you want to use a headset , this is possible as there is a headset jack on the phone . One last thing worth mentioning is that the numeric keys are lighted -LRB- as well as the handset screen -RRB- in an orange hue . This makes dialing or using the phone in the dark easy.This phone has definitely been worth the price and I can now enjoy my interference free wireless network . If you are thinking about upgrading your phone , this is THE phone to choose -LRB- or the other variations of this phone -RRB- . Update 7/27/2005 : A couple of days ago I discovered that the phone gives you a list of the last 5 numbers dialed if you press the redial button repeatedly . None of my previous cordless phones could do this and this is really a great and useful feature .
 as i wrote in my review of the at & t ; 5965C -LRB- which i returned for this phone -RRB- , land lines have not caught up with the technology available for cell phones . so if you think you can duplicate that level of features and ease of use - forget it . wo n't happen no matter what brand you choose.that said , the KX-TG5571M is a keeper .1 - the answering machine functions are well integrated and easy to use . panasonic 's interface for moving through messages is intuitive and even makes listening to multiple old messages easy - i almost do n't miss my old cassette based system any more ! you can pick the messages up from your handset AND even if you pick up the messages from the base - the handset display recognizes that you 've checked the messages and clears the display -LRB- not all phones do this ! -RRB- 2 - the caller id features are well implemented . there is a voice announce for caller id that says the name after the first ring and does a pretty good job - not as many garbled names as you would think . and on call waiting the id shows on the first beep which is great -LRB- this was an issue on the at & t ; 5965C which did n't show the id until the 3rd beep or sometimes not at all -RRB- . the CID log lists last 50 DIFFERENT numbers and if folks have called more than once , it indicates the number of calls they 've made . once you review a missed call , it marks the log with a check mark . it 's easy to add calls to your phonebook from the CID log .3 - i plugged my ipod into the TG5571M and recorded my own ringtones ! very easy and very cool . the sound is n't hi fi but it 's good enough and certainly beats the supplied ringtones . you can record ringtones from any device that takes a standard mini plug . the ringtones play through the phone for previewing and recording and there 's an indicator letting you know how much recording time you have left for each ringtone . if you make a mistake you just hit retry , and it erases the bad ringtone and is ready to record again . i 've got the intro to teenage riot by sonic youth selected at the moment .4 - the panasonic claims that it can learn your call preferences - that is whether you need to dial the area code or a 1 - and then it saves the number accordingly from the caller id info . still have n't tested this but everything else works ... oh yeah the basics - the KX-TG5571M has an excellent speaker phone on the base and the handset , a clear out going message -LRB- although it sounds a little fuzzy on the play back speaker , it 's clear when you call in -RRB- . and the reception is excellent - no digital feeback so far as with the at & t ; 5965C . my friends have commented that they prefer the sound on panasonic . although in my review of the at & t ; 5965C , i mentioned liking that handset better , in fact the panasonic handset is fine . the keys are smaller but they are large enough for me.any complaints ? a few minor things - i can not save to the phone log from the redial log as i could with the at & t ; and i 'm not too fond of the orange glow on the handset display - would n't it be great if you could change the color of the display and keyboard light the way you can change the color of the antenna light ??? panasonic are you listening ??? in the end though , i 'm happy to have emerged from from the search for a decent cordless land line phone/answering machine combo with my sanity intact . the KX-TG5571M may not be as hightly rated at the at & t ; 5965C by consumer reports - but trust me , the features are implemented with intelligence and that makes it a much better phone . -LSB- amendment 10/22/05 - i 've the phone about a month now -LRB- the initial review was posted 9/05 -RRB- there is one annoying issue on this otherwise great phone
 This phone has been great - we 've had it for about 6 months now and have yet to run into any problems . I wanted it for two reasons
 My Sony system broke -LRB- handsets lost the ability to dial certain numbers -RRB- , the replacement ATT system just sucked -LRB- voices faded in and out , tunnel sounds , etc. -RRB- Then I found this system . It costs a heck of a lot more than the others , but it is well worth it . Everything just WORKS . The programming part is probably the most intuitive I 've seen on a phone of this type . I barely cracked the manual and was able to complete all the setup with no frustration or confusion.One reviewer states that messages are audible all over the house , however this can be resetl . It is a function of call screening . She can just set it to NOT screen the calls , and messages will be left silently.I just have to say I am blissfully happy with this phone . After problem after problem with other systems , I was afraid that the technology just was n't out there . PANASONIC got it right with this one .
 We had an old Panasonic expandable cordless phone which was great except for the battery life , and we kept having to replace handsets . So we got a Motorola SD something or other and I hated it -LRB- if it 's possible to hate a phone -RRB- . The sound was awful and a lot of messages did n't record or were so quiet we could n't hear them . So after having thrown all the boxes away and a few months of misery , we got the KX-TC5771M and it 's fantastic !! I love everything about it!It 's small , sound is great , messages are clear , the handsets are well designed and comfortable . And you can program the ringer to play music for certain incoming calls , so whenever my husband calls , his favorite song is the ringer ! Ca n't say enough good things about this phone . It 's great to be able to delete messages from the handsets , and the handsets have a mute button which I have been wanting for years.Discount Jungle was the merchant - great prices and really fast delivery -LRB- two days I think -RRB- . I 'm really happy with the whole purchase .
 I 'm not sure if the previous reviewer has a different model or not but there is indeed a flash button . Once you are on a call is the left menu button on the LCD screen . Those who are quite familiar with cell phones will spot it quickly.I have n't had the phone for more than a day but so far i 'm fairly happy . It took a while to find a phone with all the features that I needed but this has them all.Pros :1 -RRB- Base station with speaker phone -LRB- hate it when i ca n't find the cordless -RRB- 2 -RRB- a MUTE button ! Very few phones have this these days but it is very important for my home office .3 -RRB- 5.8 GHz that wo n't conflict with my wirless .4 -RRB- cell phone like features -LRB- customizable ring tones , phone book , `` missed calls list '' -RRB- Cons :1 -RRB- The caller ID is n't very smart , even if you have the number stored in your phone book it still shows/says the name that is given over the callerId resulting in a lot of `` Cellular Caller '' type of stuff .2 -RRB- The center rocker switch activates the menu instead of the phone book . This time cell phone users will find this counter-intuitive .3 -RRB- No handset speed dial . There is one for the base , but one not the handset .
 I would give this seller the highest marks . The product was received quickly in excellent condition at the lowest price I could find . I have no complaints . I now look to Amazon when I am searching for a product . Best wishes .
 This is a phone that has great features and is very easy to use . It 's 5.8 GHz gives it great range and great reception . It also expands with enough handsets to cover the entire house . Everything is small and compact and fits all my needs .
 I 've been buying only Panasonic cordless phones for at least the last decade . Everytime I do so , I am always completely satisfied . This model does n't fail to impress either . Great range , excellent sound quality -LRB- the hallmark of Panasonic phones -RRB- and top notch features . They are simply the best .
 Great little phone system . I replaced a Siemens 8825 system , and have the base plus 6 remotes all over the house . Flawless in reception . I 'm told the audio level output -LRB- talking -RRB- is a wee bit low though . One interesting `` con '' that I found was if the battery was fully charged and had stopped charging , then the battery was removed from the phone for more than a few seconds , it `` forgot '' that it was charged and decided to go charging for another 6 hours ... not exactly a smart charger , and certainly not good for the battery ! Love the huge display for an old blind guy like me : - -RRB-
 We love everything about this system , the talking caller ID , choice of ring tones for certain callers and the intercom between hand sets are excellent features .
 Although I bought this in used condition but it looks and functions like new . I always prefer a Panasonic Cordless rather than other brands in phones . Thank you .
 Pros
 I have three handsets and have programmed different ring sounds for each one , e.g. , then one in my home office rings with the Three Stooges singing , `` Hello , hello , hello ! `` Phone works very well .
 I had the original phone with cradle and wanted an additional unit for my office . works great and sync 'd up right away .
 The purchase of these two expansion phones was long-overdue ! We had owned the main phone for several years and love it . There are a number of great features . We already had two other complete phones , however , so did n't by the expansion phones at that time . Those two phones , however , were a constant problem . The battery life was miserable - even after they were replaced several times in those several years . We could never depend upon the quality of the reception on either of them . -LRB- One was an AT&T ; and the other a two-line older Panasonic !! -RRB- . When I did a search for expansion phones for our main phone , I was n't very optimistic that I could find them since they were an older model . But , there they were on Amazon!As usual , our Amazon order was handled efficiently and quickly , and we received our phones via the `` free shipping '' choice . They are far superior to our former phones , and we love their physical quality as well as the voice clarity . Great phones !!!
 I am very picky about good sound quality and clarity on phones and this phone has been EXCELLENT . I love how the phone can `` announce '' who is calling and I 've assigned different ring tones and colors for the light for different people.I would HIGHLY recommend this phone to others .
 I now have 6 `` extensions '' to my base phone . Reception is excellent and all features are helpful .
 I bought this handset as an extra set for the bedroom . We have several around the house . It works well and can be programmed from the main base station just by clicking the button . Good clarity and features . I might buy another one for the TV room .
 I could not find this unit in the stores so checked on Amazon . I found a new unit on Amazon , it arrived within one week in perfect condition .
 I recently purchased an additional cordless in-house phone to complement my phone service . The system is fantastic . I like the paging system and the ` walky talky ' type features that this phone has . There are plenty of other useful features .
 The Panasonic KX-TGA550M Accessory Handset is easy to use and has features lacking in our other extension phones that cause us to migrate past the others and use the accessory handset . We especially like the speaker phone capability . I can turn on the speaker , put the phone down , and have a conversation while working in the kitchen , working on my computer , etc. . It is a convenience that the accessory handsets require only an electric outlet for the charging cradle and not a phone jack which allows significantly more flexibility in where we put it . We will likely pick-up additional handsets and replace other extension phones with this model that we prefer .
 Since we moved into our house several years back we 've had a problem that the phone company wanted to charge a fortune to run wiring into our bedroom because of it 's location . We bought a panasonic phone for the kitchen and added it 's matching handset for our bedroom -LRB- this one -RRB- and have loved both . Not one complaint and I am a tough sell on phones ! We 've had them for a year and I love the fact that we can add an additional handset where there is no wiring with no problem . Just need an outlet to keep it charged !
 We have a base and one remote phone and decided on getting another remote . We ordered from Amazon and were pleased with the service and have been totally satisfied with the phone .
 I have the desk phone with the answering machine and needed another handset , this was so easy , I looked on amazon and found this handset which is compatable with my desk phone ordered it , it came pretty quickly and then it hooked up and sync 'd with mine very nicely , I simply LOVE IT !
 I 've had this phone for several years now and i must say its a really great phone ! The best feature for me is the talking caller id from the handset and the base ! I can listen to who 's calling without having to get up and check the box or my phone . What impressed me the most about this phone is I had it outside , forgot it was sitting on the trunk of the car and when the car moved of course it fell to the ground . Well i was really impressed to find out that not only did the back where the battery is stored came off which of course made the battery come out , once i put it back together it still worked !! Now i can no longer ` see ' whose calling , it looks like i have a huge ink spot in the screen , but the talking id still works as well as the ringer !! It took a licking but its still ticking !! The only phone i 'll ever use !
 I had trouble finding these portables to compliment our system . The vendor 's product was like brand new and arrived very fast .
 I have had this phone system for over four years and have a total of four handsets . I love it !!!! I have never had any battery problems - something that worried me when I first did my reseach in this phone . I have never had to replace any of the bateries . I love the intercom feature and use it very often since we live in a long house and it is easier then yelling across it . Also when my young ones were much younger , it made a wonderful baby monitor . I have four kids ages 4-10 and the phones take a beating , but I have never had one fail on me yet . I have the four bases set around the house and each handset I have the room taped on it so it eventually finds it way back to it 's base and it helps from all four ending up in the same room . I am very happy with the purchase and it has proven itself to be a good investment . -LRB- the extra handsets were purchased refurbished -RRB-
 The product was a refurbished unit completed by Panasonic . I have found no trouble with it .
 This is one of nine exact handsets that I own . They are extremely reliable and make a wonderful communication system . I 'll probably get # 10 soon !
 This is the second peripheral handset I have purchased . All work extremely well with the base station with very little static and have a clear signal .
 Amazon was the only place I could still find the correct extensions for my base unit . They perform as expected , great .
 These phones are a wonderful addition to your home network . It 's hard to find the right models in retail stores but Amazon seems to manage to find ANYTHING you need or want . I love these phones !
 We have had these phones for 12 years now , with the base & 7 satellite handsets . They have been dropped , they have been sat on , one hand set even was left in the rain on the deck for about 5 minutes ... they have never , ever quit on us ! They have a great selection of options even for phones pre the smart phone era . I love the fact that there 's a number of colored flashers to let you know who is calling & that there is a call if the ringer is shut off . I also like that I can listen to messages from my handset & respond if needed . Just a terrific phone & honestly , there 's just nothing negative I can think of about this unit . Even the manual is concise & easy to read ! LOL!And ... really cute ring tones you can individually set on each phone . = -RCB-
 We 've had several Panasonic cordless phones now and not only do they have great features and work very well , they just do n't break . We 've never replaced a Panasonic phone due to a problem and we 've either handed down or re-sold our old ones . You will not be disappointed with this product .
 These stickers are exactly what you would expect - big stickers to put on your boxes in hopes that whose ever carrying it will try to not drop or play soccer with your box . Worked great and nothing got broke during our move .
 Not only do these phones look great , they are intuitive to use and have great reception and voice quality both ways.The best feature for us : We have Verizon phone service with both Caller ID and Voice Mail . Not only does the phone ` talk ' the caller ID -LRB- which honestly is not really necessary for us , but fun anyway -RRB- but the best part is that the handset LED shows if we have ` VOICE MAIL ' - so instead of having to pick up the phone to hear the annoying voice mail sound , we just have to look at the LED on the handset .
 I had purchase a 2.4 GHz previous and it was nothing but trouble . A friend of mine purchased this phone and really liked it so I purchased it with an extra handset . We love it . I take it outside with me and never have to run for the phone . The reception is very clear . Best phone I have ever owned .
 Overall excellent phone , great sound quality , love the base dial pad keys , functional , easy menu options , one touch voicemail button , etc. . Perfect little phone for your desk ! The only changes I would have liked to see would be a LCD display on the base unit dial pad , and make the phone handset a little bigger with bigger buttons . The handset is somewhat small if you are like me and like to press the handset between your shoulder and head while having your hands free to shuffle papers and take notes while talking . Excellent phone , I give it 4.5 stars , would give it 5 stars if handset was bigger , but that is just a personal preferance .
 We have bought several of these phones at my work , and they have all exceeded our needs . We have a 2-story 10,000 sq ft concrete building , and the phone reception works anywhere I walk within the building , and out to the far reaches of the parking lot . It does not interfere with our 2.8 ghz wireless networking -LRB- to be expected -RRB- , and offers some great features.For example , my coworker needed to leave his base station at my desk but work upstairs . The phone can be configured so that the base ringer is silent , while the handset ringer is loud . This lets me work without being bothered by the ringer.In addition , you can record your own ringtones and assign them to callers in your phonebook . It 's a great addition to the included talking Caller-ID feature , especially for vision impaired users . At home , I have recorded special ringers for friends , so I know at once when they are calling.Clearly , this model and the model with included answering machine are the best of the current Panasonic 5.8 ghz phone offerings .
 The ability to switch between handset and base speaker phone with a smooth transition is lovely . Most cordless phones hang up your call when you put the handset back on the base station , but this one does not . When your battery is low on the handset , you can hit the speaker phone button on the base , place the handset back on the base and continue with your conversation seamlessly while the handset recharges . Thank goodness for `` Digital Duplex Speakerphone '' . I am not sure what that means , but I will never look back!This is perfect for the call that never ends , and you know what I mean by that ! There 's no need to get a backup battery or handset to have ` just in case ' . Other than all that , this phone is cute , functional , and wo n't take up much space on your deskMy only wish is that it shipped with a headset , but those are easy and cheap enough to get a hold of .
 I researched phones before I bought this one . We 've had it for about 8 months and love it ! My favorite feature , though silly , is that I can change the ringer . When I get a new favorite song , I change the ringer :o-RRB- We had DSL and the phone worked perfectly with it . We switched to cable modem as personal preference , but I can tell you that we had absolutely NO problem when we had DSL . I 'm so glad I did all the research before deciding on this phone !
 This an excellent phone . I have had it for over 4 years and not had a problem . I have 4 phones in the system . Battery life is amazing sound quality is very good , the voice announcements for the name of the caller is pretty funny sometimes , but it works . I was looking at reviews for cordless phones for our new business office and was appalled at the many bad reviews on practically everything I looked at , including at the Consumer Reports website where they had rated a phone system and then the reviews of the phone were saying just the opposite . So I 'm staying with the brand we already have and like . They still make it and the price is reasonable . Great phone , you wo n't go wrong .
 Shipping was retardely fast . Got my pencils in the next day , could n't be happier.I 've used the red pencils before for my drawings , figured I 'd give the blue ones a try . Hope I can get as mUch depth in as with the reds .
 These pencils are available in many colors , and they sharpen to a -LRB- relatively -RRB- durable needle point -- much better than anything else I can find for making editorial marks in manuscripts/proofs . Marks erase as well as anything else I have found , but the attached eraser does n't work as well as the gray erasers intended for ink . My boss has been an editor for many years , and she recommended them to me .
 The variety in darkness and persistence of the sharp tip make this the perfect tool for sketching up and detailing ideas . It partners perfectly with a thin sharpie , because the blue fades into the backdrop as you emphasize things in black .
 Smooth , feels like color pencil , erases nicely . You will run through them fairly quick , make sure you have a few on hand .
 These are n't artist pencils for finished color rendering . We use them for under-drawings , over which dark black lines are made for illustration and animation projects . They are sturdy , hold a good point , and the color is easy to drop out after scanning . We 've been using them for over twenty years .
 I 've always bounced around different types of colored pencils , but I always return to using this brand.I have n't tried sharpening with anything but a razor blade , but the lead seems strong enough not to break when sharpened . Not at all brittle.They are perfect for sketching ! I can draw my final lines over it with a dark pencil and not have an issue with my lines not appearing over it .
 I use these pencils mostly for loose sketches in my larger sketchbook or on standard printer paper , They do n't keep a point well , so any small sketches become muddied after one or two lines.The pencils are waxy and do n't smudge , they also erase really well . I really like how smoothly they go on paper , almost a mix between colored pencil and a regular hb pencil.Definitely a good pencil for sketching , but if you want more finished works , then you 'll still need a standard pencil or two .
 I 've been using this brand of erasable pencils for over a decade and I love the blue the best . Deep , dark color , and erases easily .
 Product arrived within the time stated . I am looking forward to purchasing more from this person in the future . Happy .
 I bought a box of the Prismacolor Col-Erase blue pencils and a box of the Ticonderoga erasable blue checking pencils.Both pencils write clearly . However , the Prismacolor blue pencils are much better because their blue color is darker ; more of a navy blue . The Ticonderoga 's blue is lighter ; more of a sky blue color.From now on , I 'm going to buy the Prismacolor Col-Erase Erasable Colored Pencils , 12 Blue Pencils -LRB- 20044 -RRB- . The Ticonderoga blue pencils are not dark enough .
 This printer is ROCK SOLID ! The install went easy , and the machine performs flawlessly . Everything works - faxing , copying , printing , you name it . The scanning of film and slides are the best I 've seen on these type of all-in-ones - although I hope they are able to improve upon this even more in the future . You definitely get what you pay for . Even though this system is a bit pricey , it works really well . The print quality is first rate . I can not begin to tell you how pleased I am .
 -LSB- August , 2008 edit of original review -RSB- Back in January of 2006 when I first reviewed this all-in-one from HP , I was hesitant to call it the best printer , because frankly I could n't believe it myself . After 2.5 years of continuous 24/7/365 usage , with 5 Macs and 2 PCs networked through its wireless connection , this printer is still going strong . The colors are still subtle and perfectly match what 's on my screen . The scanner brings out subtle softness that is unusually good for scanners costing twice as much as this entire all-in-one . If you do n't mind draft speed , you can sling out copies super fast . Plus , this copier will do tricks that others wo n't -- center the original , zoom to fit , and many , many more options . The vivera inks NEVER CLOG ! I 'm amazed . I used to spend hours unclogging other printers -- and wasting inks in the process . These inks are never wasted because they never clog!You can read my original review now , but remember that after all these years , this is still my favorite printer ever , and I have no desire for anything else . I 'm sold on HP Photosmart all-in-ones and Vivera inks . Macs and PCs both have been able to use this with ease , and it set up so easily on the wireless network . And since it 's wireless , I just take it to my desk when I want to work on a long project like a recent 50 + page notebook of photographs promoting an artist 's exhibit for a well-known museum . It can do the job . Beautiful output.Shooshie -LSB- end of edit , August , 2008 -RSB- Original review from January , 2006 : You want the lowdown on this printer ? Here it is . How 's the printing ? Fantastic from the point of view of any office , household , or school . How about for a photographer ? Well ... very good . An artist wanting copies of his/her work ? It makes great proofs . Ok , get to the point . How is the printing , really ? It 's like this . This printer is so fabulous that you want to give it 5 stars all around . The prints , however , are almost Epson Stylus-Photo quality , but not quite . But I 'm talking about a small difference that 99.999 % of all people would never recognize unless you patiently pointed it out to them . But for that 1-in-10 ,000 who have to have super-perfection , ultra-dyanamic colors , you need to get an Epson Stylus-Photo , or something way more expensive for that . I 've got both . Believe me , if I had to give one of them up , it would n't be the 3310 . I 'd keep it and get rid of the Epson . I LOVE the 3310 . Fantastic setup . Someone put as much time into the software design of this as they did in the design of the machine ! It shows the moment you begin to use it . Everything is like it 's reading your mind . It 's already there.I use a Mac , and I 'm describing the Mac version , but it sounds like the PC version is the same . I was impressed when I scanned slides in its transparency bracket . It found all four slides , selected them precisely - even the rotated ones , and scanned all four in one pass . It made four separate files of them . Saved me a good half-hour of positioning slides , selecting them , and scanning each one . It 's print software is very intelligent , too . It will print many pictures of different sizes to the same-size paper , and scale each one automatically to fit . Nice touch.Copying was very fast . Not as fast as an office copier , but definitely a contender in the home-copier market . Color copies that beat most copy-stores and photo stores . Use photo-quality paper , and you get even better copies.I love that the ink cartridges do n't move , and they are so EASY to change . right there in front , no mess , no drip . A clean change . And do n't be fooled by their size . This is new technology that recycles ink used to clear the heads . Nothing gets wasted , and you get a lot more pictures per cartridge than would appear.Oh and it 's wireless . That and Ethernet were huge selling points for me . We 've got five Macs and a PC using it , and everyone loves it . Scan , print , fax , copy , print camera proofs , 32 ppm , wireless , Ethernet , 2 paper trays -LRB- 4x5 photo and full-size -RRB- and super fast , with excellent controls on the panel , and a fine color LCD screen that even will proof your camera contents . What 's not to like about this printer?You wo n't just like this all-in-one . You will fall in love with it.Shooshie
 I am fairly tech illiterate , yet I had this machine integrated into my wireless network in just a few minutes . It is an easy install . A short little pamphlet comes with the machine . You follow it step by step and -- voila -- you 're up and running in no time . Have only had it a short time , but color photos look great and I appreciate what HP did with regard to ink -- separate cartridges for different colors . There 's no switching cartridges around when you want to switch between text and color photo printing . Text printing looks great .
 I 've purchased this printer a year ago and still am quite happy with it . I did n't have any problem installing the software .1 -RRB- Photo printing
 We have been using this for a year now and it is great ! it does not use to much ink and the separate color cartridges save on money .
 I purchased this item in late 2005 . I have found it an invaluable item for my needs . The fact that I can copy independently of my computer is a wonderful asset . The item is so easy to use manually , that my 8 year old can use it without supervision.I have had no difficulties scanning and using the scans in other documents . I have faxed out and found it to be adequate . However , I have not figured out how to receive faxes.I purchased this item because of the need for independent copying , and the need for a fax , the preview window was an added bonus which delighted me . Another incentive to purchase this item was the wireless connection capabilities . However , since I do not have that automatically available on my PC , and have not chosen to purchase the materials to upgrade , I have used only the wired connection . The other reviews I have read here has answered some of my questions and given some validity to some of my trepidations . So I probably will never use this model for wireless connection . But , as a wired AIO , I am completely satisfied with this product 's performance .
 I love the wireless capability of this printer . We have three different computers hooked up to it . I did have a hard time installing it on my HP computer but after three try 's I got it going . Very disappointed that I ran out of ink after printing 45 photos that were 4x6 . The pictures do n't look half bad . I would prefer better looking photos for the cost of the machine . I did not have any HP support for installing this on my computer because they had no clue how to fix my problem . I ended up installing it myself.It is a pretty smart machine and I love the program that comes with it .
 I highly recommend this printer ! As someone who is by no means a `` computer guru , '' it is REALLY easy to use . A small screen on the printer walks you through the steps of anything you want to do . The copies and printed documents are very high quality . I ca n't believe how much easier it 's made my life , considering now I can make copies and fax items right out of my house . A truly great buy !
 My husband and I are now on our 2nd HP PSC 3310 . Our original one developed an `` ink failure '' error message caused we think by a power surge during a power failure about a month ago . While we realised that the 3310 is no longer made , we liked it so much we Googled HP PSC 3310 and , to our surprise , came up with a supplier of new machines , www.pcrush.com . We have been for the most part very pleased with the 3310 . We especially like the large display which also does double duty as a caller ID.The pictures that the machine prints are done quickly and with a very good result . My husband does a lot of label and envelope printing and is pleased with the quality and speed of the jobs . We have done much scanning of documents and photos with good results . One thing we would have appreciated with the software would be a way to designate which e-mail client to send pictures or documents with . The Outlook Express and Outlook options are the only ones available . It would have been nice to have another option since we use another e-mail client . We have , however , discovered a workaround to that.The ink cartridges are a breeze to change . When we had an HP PSC 2410 the cartridges were very difficult to change , so the 3310 is a breath of fresh air.The copies are crisp and quickly done . One drawback is that the paper tray does n't hold much paper.The faxing capability is excellent and quite convenient.While the 3310 came with an install CD , I went to the HP website and downloaded the most recent version which made for an easy install.All in all , I think the 3310 is quite good and would recommend it if one can find it . I only regret that it is no longer made .
 We bought the HP 3310 about a month ago after a very large amount of research into the all-in-ones . Software installation was a breeze , and if you are confused the instructions are pretty clear.This thing works great . My boyfriend and I are artists and use it to print out flyers of paintings , text documents , as well as for photo printing . So far everything that it does seems to be super high quality -LRB- havent tried the fax yet -RRB- . Excellent prints -LRB- particularly on the highest quality setting -RRB- , color or black and white/grayscale , excellent scanning , and the photocopy feature even puts out killer quality . Text printing is crisp . We are impressed thus far . I definitely recommend this machine for not too bad price if you are looking for an inkjet with nice color output and do n't need an automatic feeder or large scanning bed.July 2006 update - this thing is still working great.January 2009 - yup , still working .
 I 've just opened this printer and installed it . It took about 10 minutes total with about 3 minutes to find out what/where my WEP key was . I 'm not sure what the fuss is about with installation with other folks but I connected it to my wireless network in about a minute using the on-screen display and menu . Then walked over to my to my Windows XP service pack 2 -LRB- uptodate -RRB- and it had a little notice in the system tray saying it had found the hp3310.I put in the Windows setup CD that came with the printer and installed the drivers and associated software . It took a little while to install but installed fine.I entered in the IP address of the printer in my browser and voila ' a , web-based administration web server built into it , like most high end printers.Ok , so far I 'm impressed with the installation and setup of the printer.Good luck choosing the right printer ... Spin the chamber , pull the trigger ...
 This printer works great ! I have not had any problems with this printer . Text and photos are excellent quality . Copies and scans are good . I really like the ability to copy , scan and fax without having to turn on my computer.Cons
 My old HP all-in-one printer , copier , scanner , fax was working fine , but slow . After 4 years of use I decided it was time to replace it with something faster . The HP 3310 is just the ticket . Photo quality is excellent , whether from our digital camera chip or simply scanned from another photo . The copier speed is great too . We just made 250 Holiday Dinner Dance announcements using the computer and printed them out in no time . Quality was excellent too .
 This is the dream machine I 've been waiting for and does everything as advertised . The WIFI is real neat and you do n't need the USB cable at all . Just do n't hook up your fax with your existing phone cord - use the cord HP includes with the printer and the fax will not dissapoint . All laptops work well with this WIFI printer , especially the Toshiba Tablet PC , which the kids use for drawing and painting . The only problem is the machine sucks up ink , especially yellow , probably because the kids enjoy printing out all their great art work on it . Great photo printing too . Wireless printing from all areas of the house and yard is real convenient . Keep the kids happy by keeping the machine well stocked with ink and paper , for they will be proud to show off all their masterpieces and photos to you . Homework gets done on time too with this machine .
 I have n't had this long enough to give a comprehensive review , but I really like it so far . I have been printing wirelessly and printing photos . Photos look like they came from a film lab . I do n't have a hardline phone to test the fax function , but the bluetooth works well . Printer is VERY fast !
 I am an artist and do a lot of watercolor prints using this amazing printer . They are the finest quality and can not be recognized as prints as the shading and color are so true . I attach a label to the back of each framed art piece stating the fact that they are fine quality prints from original watercolors so no one is fooled into thinking they are buying an original when its a print.The scanning quality is also easy and true . Copying and printing black and white great . The only negative is after having and using it for 7 years which included a move from Portland , Oregon to Hawaii , and back by boat , the latch on the door that opens to the printer cartridges broke today Oct. 12 , 2012 , and my husband was able to pull out the broken plastic widget , the door closed successful and is printing and copying completely fine . My art students -LRB- I also teach watercolor -RRB- are amazed at the quality of their art work when printed from this gem . I wish I could give it ten stars . This product is that good .
 I really like this AIO printer . Print quality is excellent and overall features are very good . My only problem was after installing the printer drivers on 2 separate machines -LRB- I 'm using the 3310 Wi-Fi option -RRB- I started noticing a process on my system was hogging the CPU when printing to the printer . On one computer it took close to one hour to print a fairly simple document because of that process . The process was one of the svchost processes . After using SysInternal 's process explorer , I narrowed the culprit to the WMI Mgmt service . I followed the advice of http://www.hanselman.com/blog/SvchostexeSucksCPUAndRebuldingTheWMIWBEMRepository.aspx and this fixed the problem . I 've done this on the other machine with the same good results .
 Harsh rates on this . . I owned mine for 4 years.Loved it ! Until dummy me pulled a jam paper from the back the wrong way and now cant fid the tiny piece of paper.I had no problems w / any of the above mentioned.I have a friend Epson and I hate it !! I was looking @ HP 8600 and noticed the ratings bad too . . Not sure what to do.I call around to see if I can fix mine andall I hear ITS CHEAPER TO GET A NEW ONE . . I miss my 3310 : -LRB-
 We 've had this printer for over 5 years probably longer . It still works good . I 'm only writing this review now because I 'm trying to utilize the wireless capability of it but I have n't had any luck yet . I 'd recommend it -LRB- especially now -RRB- as I 'm sure the price has come down .
 I purchased this because my PSC2210V was showing its age . I am not dissappointed . I have spent the last 2 weeks putting it through its paces with my iMac G5 -LRB- Note to Mac users
 In the past , HP dominated the laser printer market , Epson the ink jet & scanners , and Microtek for the scanners . I had the HP 2P + Laser , Epson 800 , Epson 785epx , & the Microtek Scanmaker 4 . All great product of that time . All of these products are still working ! I had to give them away . Didnt want all the clutter.I had been reading people reviews for numerous Multi-Function printers in zdnet , Amazon , tom 's hardware , yada , yada . None was good in all four features . Especially a solid fax & scanner . Most were great photo printers with expensive ink cartridges . HP had driver problems , Epson normally does not add the fax feature , and the other companies , didnt have great scanner specs . HP came close with the 7310 & 7410 but driver problems . So , I patiently waited for more than a year.Recently , Epson had a new lineup of ink jet printers with DURABrite Ultra Inks but read a bad review with the print quality . -LRB- could be a defective one -RRB- Then I went to Best Buy , saw the NEW Epson Stylus CX4800 -LRB- Epson rep told me about the CX5800F -RRB- & the NEW HP PhotoSmart 3310 . Epson is great but I didnt care for the back paper feeder . And I wanted a good scanner . HP optical of 4800 is better than Epson 1200 . Both scanners are 48 bit . Max resolution is all software so it does not mean much to me . Speed is a plus -LRB- HP is faster -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- It was great ! Love the HP software . Setup the wireless on the HP control panel . All my computers on the network had no problems communicating with this printer . Scanning is great ! Printing photo from the memory card didnt give me great results . So , use the HP software or Adobe PhotoShop to print all your photos . -LRB- make sure you use the right settings for the right paper for the perfect result -RRB- Although , I like the Epson over the HP for printing options . As per all the previous reviews , wish it had a paper & envelope feeder . -LRB- Auto duplex would be great too ! But Auto duplex can create problems -RRB- This AIO printer will not disappoint you . Im still testing the scanner . So far , Im please with this product !
 I have always been reluctant to buy an All-in One unit mainly because of the fear of one part wearing out or going bad and causing the whole machine to be thrown away . These days it seems that is about all that is available . I wanted a good photo printer and reviews I read praised this unit . A great printer it is and it also scans great . The included software is also good , and it is relatively simple to use.I have only one complaint , the fax function will not work from the computer -LRB- it is supposed to and has worked intermittently -RRB- , you can use it as a stand alone fax machine and it performs well . I have tried connecting it to a different computer without any firewalls or anti-virus software and the same issue . I contacted HP support and they kept blaming the phone cord connection which obviously has nothing to do with the connection between the PC and AO1.I think my issue is probably a defect in my unit and I probably wo n't use the fax much anyway . I just have to print out my faxes and scan them back into the machine . I did n't return it in the allowed time -LRB- was not bought on Amazon -RRB- so I am pretty much stuck with it . I probably could send it to be repaired but I have been down that road before and I do n't think it would be worth the trouble.This is a good machine though , I do n't want to bad mouth it . It works very well , the ink cartridges seem like they are really going to last . I have printed many photos and color documents and they are all still almost full.If you buy one MAKE SURE everything works before the store return policy time has expired . To send it out -LRB- probably with repeated attempts to repair -RRB- simply would not be wort it at least to me . In the past I have had excellent service from HP products , please do n't let this review deter you from purchasing one , I just got a bad one .
 This machine is one of the best toys I got myself . This is truly a plug and play piece . One of the major attractions besides it being a 4 in 1 was the `` wireless '' bit . I did not have much difficulty setting it up . The online hp tech support sent me a step by step installation guide via email.The only drawback I have noted so far
 I finally got my HP Photosmart 3310 to replace an aging Epson . I was really looking at the Epson RX700 All-in-One because I really liked the idea of printing directly on CD/DVD 's , but the lack of a fax is an annoyance , remote ink cartridges -LRB- the ink is NOT on the print head on the HP , lightening the moving parts which should improve reliability and print speed -RRB- , dedicated 4x6 photo-paper tray -LRB- no need to switch paper when printing photos -RRB- , and the networking -LRB- wired and wireless -RRB- included on the Hp 's all convinced my the HP was the way to go.Reasons to by the 3310 over the 3210 ? - Integrated Fax-Wireless networking allows you to locate the printer almost anywhere-Bigger LCDOther nice touches : - integrated slide/transparency adapter on the cover-Flash memory reader is accessible via the network-Compact design , no paper trays jutting awkwardly out of the unit-Integrated networking means one printer serves all household computers without workarounds like a `` print server `` This unit clearly shows the design lessons learned from previous generations of Hp All-in-Ones .
 After reading many people that had trouble with the paper out problem , I started out with that problem ; I found out by pulling the bottom of the paper tray completely out insert your paper and adjust the tab to where the paper fits . Finally yet importantly push the tray back in , and you are ready to roll . Fax is wonderful as well as the scanner , and I have it networked to three computers , and all works great . H.P. has been known in the business field as workhorses , they work for years , Love Ya Hewlett Packard all-in-one 3310 Photosmart !
 I have had this printer since 10/2006 and have not had any issues with it . . works great connected to my Router and prints from multiple PCs/Iphone . . Scans negatives . . Ca n't believe this many people are having these issues . . Produces great pictures . . However , I think that they just needed to add the fax function . . that would be perfect !!
 After reading all the reviews here , and against my better judgment , I bought a 3210 - because it had the exact features I was looking for in a multi-function device . My experience was light years apart from what the others have left on this site . Please understand that I carefully read the instructions and gave some thought to the process before connecting the printer to my network . Additionally , my system is clean and well maintained ; i.e. , I have no spyware , adware or viruses , and run weekly scans to keep it that way . Your mileage may differ.Software install - no issues . At 1.1 GB it 's a big install , but I had no problems with it . The installer correctly detected my firewall and had me disable it after I detached my network from the Internet . After the required reboot , it finished installing without any hiccups . I also made sure to click on the `` HP Software Update '' within the HP Solution Center before doing anything further , installed the rest of the updates and rebooted . Again , no issues at all after making sure the software load was completely current.Network configuration - no issues . I have a custom configuration for my network ; I setup the IP address on the 3210 manually and added the printer to my router and firewall * before * installing the software . During the installation process , the installer spotted the printer at the correct IP address that I had already given it and moved forward without any incident.Paper pickup and out of paper notices - no issues . I use GP Advantage Premium Ink Jet paper from CostCo and am having no issues whatsoever . Same thing with bulk Kodak photo paper from CostCo . Most inkjet printers have an issue with overfilling the paper tray , so I keep mine under filled . No problems with getting erroneous out of paper messages . The plain paper output looks acceptable in rough draft and stellar in high resolution ; the photo paper output is just drop dead gorgeous in hi-res ; neither paper exhibited any evidence of gouges.PDF creation - no issues . The software works as designed , without wasting any paper or creating gibberish . Black and white , gray or color , all the settings worked as I expected them to and created perfect PDF documents.Hardware buttons - no issues . All the buttons work like they should on the printer . Additionally , all the buttons within the software residing on the PC work as advertised as well.Ink usage - no issues . The ink usage is as I expect so far . With plain paper I use the draft mode on everything except for what others see ; I never print photos of any kind on plain paper -LRB- plain paper is a sponge for printer ink -RRB- . With photo paper I use a very glossy finish , which helps keep the ink usage down . I was quite surprised by the tiny containers of ink that are used in the printer , but nothing more than that . I 'll have a better idea how the 3210 ink usage compares to my old inkjet this next Christmas when I print out my annual calendar gifts to family members.Noise - no issues . Compared to many other printers and scanners I 've used over the years , both HP and non-HP , the 3210 is * very * quiet . The sound rises when scanning really high DPI levels , but is whisper quiet at the default 300 DPI for low-res scans.Overall impressions - 5 stars . The printing is superb , the device is quiet , it has built-in networking , everything works as I expect for it to ; what 's not to like ? My experience has been unlike the others listed here - do n't know why - and I 'll continue to buy and recommend HP products .
 Being a fond believer in HP products , and a strong believer in doing my research before I buy something , I picked up a 3210 in December 05 ' . After the first 150 prints the printer stopped picking up the paper and it would say it was out or paper . I had to open the back of the printer and clean off the rollers to get it to work.BUT !!! Then I talked to a local HP Sales representative in the store , and he stated that HP dropped one of their roller manufacturers for this reason . They were manufacturing a roller that would also leak fluid causing the paper pickup to slip . -LRB- They are a gray color if you open the back of the printer -RRB- HP has a new company that supplies new rollers -LRB- Black color -RRB- If you end up with a printer and after the first 100-1000 prints you are having this problem , check the color of the rollers . I am guessing they will be gray in color . In any case , if you are having this issue , make sure you call HP and talk to someone that knows of this issue . They will honor this issue , and you will receive a new printer . Not ALL gray rollers have this issue either ! The tech department of HP are aware of the flaw . -LRB- why else would they drop the manufacturer :-RRB- -RRB- After my new printer , with the black rollers , I am up and running for over 5000 prints already . GO HP !!!!!
 Just recently I have been looking for an all in one printer that can also print good quality photos . I have always bought HP printers so I went to the hp site and looked at what they offered and decided to buy the hp photosmart 3210 . So I came to amazon and was surprised to get it at a really great price.Anyway , after ordering I noticed many negative reviews here , mostly about paper feed problems . I was a little worried after reading so many bad reviews but I 'm glad I bought it , it is a great printer . In one review I read something about hp having problems with the rollers which was causing the paper feed issue and that they dropped that company and started using new rollers which are black rather than gray . So the first thing I did when it arrived was open the back and check the roller color and they were black.So far I have printed over 100 pages and havent had any paper feed problems . Software install was really simple and i didnt have any problems with it . The photo quality is great even on the normal quality setting . Also the ink doesnt seem to get used up that quick , as i said before , i have printed over 100 pages and about 20 photos and the ink levels havent really gone down at all.I have recommended this printer to a friend and he has placed on order for it and i would recommend it for anyone else looking for a great all in one printer that can do great quality photos . It seems that HP has fixed the paper feed issue with the black rollers . If I have any problems with paper feed I will update my review .
 This is the fastest color printer I 've ever used ! My husband uses it to run sets of beautiful powerpoint presentations off for his work . I 'm an avid scrapbooker and find this to be a huge asset to me , saving me money in almost every avenue -LRB- printing pictures , backgrounds , colorful clipart headers , etc -RRB- . I did run into a glich while installing the software ... which another reviewer did mention . However , I was able to fix the problem myself using the troubleshooting section of HP 's website with a little patience and diligence -LRB- and I 'm no `` techie '' -RRB- . As with every new bit of software you ever add to your PC , you just have to take a breath and hope for the best . Gliches in installation just are n't enough to slam the actual machine - which runs like a champ and prints with great clarity .
 Hp has released a fix for their paper feed problems . The kit to fix the problem is free through the Hp support call center.All you have to do is call them and they will send you a kit for free .
 This is a great multi-use printer/scanner/copier . The only issue is having to run a program to get it to properly pick up the copy paper.Ocassionally it still mis-feeds and clearing it is a bother , but otherwise , a great product .
 Update
 i bought this printer it has to be at least 3-4 years ago . i have printed hundreds of photos through it , some wedding invatations on the thicker paper , and tons of college papers , and some graphic design projects , oh and envelopes . i havent had a paper load problem at all except for the clear paper that i used for my friends wedding invites . -LRB- tho i dont think the printer was designed for it anyway -RRB- . the photos come out looking so sharp i stopped goin to the photo store to print them out i get a good 100 or so pics before i have to changed the ink . -LRB- depends how much color is in the pic , if its all blue then i sometimes got only 60 printings before i had to change the color -RRB- or if you used a setting that required more ink -RRB- just make sure to let them dry for a couple of days before you stack them up or they will blur.the scanner works great too and its fast and you can get great detail out of it i have scanned some realy old photos and man does it catch everything , i have to scan at a high resolution so i can restore and blow up the pictures if i need to make it bigger without making it look pixalized.i dont use the on screen menu at all unless i need to do a quick copy of something . so cant help you out therehope this helps
 We have an HP 3210 in use at my place of work , a copy machine store . I use it many times a day . I use many different types of paper . I have used the scan feature and the negative attachment numerous times . I have had NO paper feeder issues , and doing the math , printing about 600 color/black and white pages a month . The color quality is superb due to the separate cartridges , though the yellow always runs out first . We use the HP 3210 to make professional prints for Christmas cards , calendars , business cards , logos , etc. , for our customers . We tend to use the HP 3210 more than the $ 20,000 Canon and Sharp machines on the floor . I just bought one for my home , and I am quite impressed ! It is very quiet and quite quick ! Ha !
 I received my printer on time and in good condition.It is working great so far.Jim Bolton
 We have n't had it but a few months , but so far so good . Its very quick and the pictures we printed were excellent .
 Wow , what a great product ! This is the best printer I have owned . It scans and copies fast with great image resolution . My photos print like I got them developed at Kodak . Printing is fast . I use the built-in Network feature so all my mac 's and pc 's can print wirelessly . This is one of HP 's better ideas . Too bad they have discontinued it already . I do n't know what model that have released to replace this one .
 This printer is very good . It was very simple to install and it works great . The ability to connect to my network makes it very easy for me to print from multiple computers in my house . The quality is very good and the speed is impressive . So far I am very happy with my purchase .
 I bought this printer a few months ago to go with my new Mac G5 , and I am really impressed by the quality . The printer uses HP Vivera inks , which are those 6 individual ink cartridges , which are only about $ 11 each . And the quality is unbelievable . The scanner and copier features work well too . I have not had any problems .
 Short but sweet . The 3200 all in one makes excellent photos , enables you to scan 35mm slides , and generally does a great job on making copies and scanning documents/photos to your computer . I have no negative comments but one . If you use cheap , thin copy paper the unit might jam the paper . Using a better quality copy paper I have never had a single proble . It makes much better photos than the camera store and Walgreens . A +
 I am the queen of the techno challenged . I found this printer extremely easy to install and use . I am ordering my 3rd one . I originally purchased one for myself , then one for my daughter and now one for my new showroom . I am a kitchen designer and use it to print up my CAD designs as well as my before and after pictures . I must admit that I have n't used the machine to its full potential , but for what I have done it is super . One of the things I like the most is the individual ink cartridges . Some colors I use fairly quickly and would have to replace all of the colors in other units instead of just the ones I need . This is a major cost savings . I can not give this a higher rating . If you want a machine that is easy to install and use , with lots of versitility ... this one is for you !
 The HP 3210 combination printer-copier works well with B&W and color printing and with copying documents . Color photo copies are good as well . Documentation could be better . There is an accessory for printing both sides of a page but virtually no information on how to obtain it , install it , use it , or its cost was included with the printer .
 Anyone trying to install this machine on a wireless network using only the installation disk is going to have problems and should NOT blame them on HP . HP 's documentation is clear , they support EITHER a hardwire USB or a hardwire ethernet . They do not address wireless networks -LRB- probably should but do n't -RRB- . I installed this machine easily on a wireless network , with full functionality . Follow the directions to set up the printer , then plug the USB cable into the router . Ensure your router sees the printer . Use the provided disk to install the drivers , halt the installation wizard and use your printer installation utility to install the printer . Works just fine . Nice printer for the price .
 I have had this printer for 2 years . I have not had any paper feed problems ! Color pictures come out very nice . Now if you are looking for professional quality prints , go to a professional . I do n't use the scan feature , so I ca n't comment on that . I did not have any problems with the set up -LRB- use windows xp -RRB- . No problems with networking either . My only complaint -LRB- which is why I give it 4 stars -RRB- is the cost of the ink . Printing a lot of photos is not cost effective . However , the individual ink cartridges -LRB- this feature is why I bought this model -RRB- do help keep the cost down . This printer has not let me down . Very reliable printer .
 I have had very good luck with this printer . No problems other than a software conflict with Acrobat Pro 7.09 . Have run under both XP and Vista . I have been very pleased with the output , speed and photo quality
 I have owned this printer for just a short time , but I am satisfied with its performance so far . It has a great sleek and solid look ; all of the function keys are up front and accessible , as well as the slots for all of your media cards . I think you save money on ink cartridges because it has 5 separate color wells and 1 black inkwell . It prints at a very good speed and the prints are very good . I previously owned a HP psc 2510 Photosmart All-In-One Printer , which gave me a lot of headaches . I was somewhat leery of buying another HP printer , but I did , and so far I am happy I did .
 I 've had a lot of printers -LRB- HP and otherwise -RRB- before , and this one I am very pleased with . Great colors and options and no problems . Wonderful All-in-one machine .
 HP printers are still great work horses with great color and performance . I am in the industry and have had about every brand or deal with them all the time . HP simply last longer than others . Other brands can perform great like Canon but they simply do n't last.Everyone is trying to have the greatest do everthing software , this is where HP and most printer companies fail . However , this software seems especially `` buggy '' . Nothing I could n't overcome , but geez I do this stuff for a living . I ca n't imagine some nightmares others might of experienced . Like most companies they short change development have it coded overseas and we the customer are the software testers . Then if you 're lucky and you get to call them for support you ca n't understand them.So great printer , buggy software , ok support .
 So far I have had no problems with this printer . It does turn outan excellent copy . And so far it is the fastest printer I have tried .
 I LOVE THIS PRINTER . i just have n't gotten the hang of the stupid hp software that it comes with . i had NO TROUBLE at all installing the printer . however , i also have an old hp laptop . so maybe they work well together . the only `` bad '' pictures i have printed were when i printed from the hp software that comes with it . to avoid bad pictures , i either print directly from the memory card or print off windows . however , i also have n't tried really hard to figure out how to print good pictures from the hp software . i know its probably in the manuel or something , but i 'm just too lazy . i really like that i can print without turning on my computer.the ink for the printer is insanely cheap . i went to a sam 's clubs , a wholesale store , and black and all the colored ink was only 54 dollars . i ca n't say it enough . i love this printer . the only problem is the stupid software.i read a lot of reviews that were slightly negative , but i am really glad that i bought this printer . a big reason i bought it , despite the negative reviews , was because a best buy sales man said that he loved it . he said that it was the best available for the price . besides the software , which might be okay if i invested any time into it , i have no complaints about this printer .
 I love this printer . We also have the printer feed problem , from a Malaysia unit -LRB- MYxxxxxxxx -RRB- . HP offered -LRB- almost immediately -RRB- to ship a replacement unit no cost to us . I accepted , and will give it one more try.The unit is that good . It melded immediately w/o headache to our network as a free-standing device for all our pc 's downstairs and prints/scans etc. beautifully . Will update if replacement unit does not fix problem . 5 stars.Also TREO-650 owner , `` early adaptors frequently fix problems '' . Have political problem with HP spending 1BLN to remodel printer line and ink line when 20MLN would buy 3 sattelites over IRAQ to protect from IED day adn night , but oh that 's just me .
 I scrapbook and I love being able to print from my slides and negatives and cleanup scratches and adjust poor exposure before printing . I had a 3310 and this 3210 works just as well . As far as I know these are the only all in one 's that have the transparency adapter . Pictures are great and all other features work just fine . It 's very quiet and easy to use . I had to download a driver for my windows vista but that took just minutes and it was good to go .
 I 've had this printer for over four years and have had no major problems with it , ever . It even survived an international move to Costa Rica with no glitches . I am surprised that other people experienced so much trouble.There have been a few paper jams , but only a handful in the four + years that it 's been in my house . I think all printers experience that problem , so I ca n't even complain about it.The funny thing is that a small gecko has been using mine as a hiding space and it 's STILL functioning . No matter what I do , I ca n't catch the gecko or scare him away.But the printer has all of the features I was looking for at the time . The only additional feature I would want now is easier Bluetooth connecting . I never needed it before , but I 'm pretty sure that you need to purchase an extra adapter , so I would look for a model that has that if it 's really important to your needs .
 I have a hp 3210 all in one printer ... that I have had for about 5 yrs ... and use for all my printing needs ... much in photo printing ... this 6 ink printer has always done great on photo work ... this reworked 3210 hp that I bought about 2 months ago . . I made it my main printer and the not refurbished old printer . . is my back up ... this latest bought printer is quieter than the older one ... I have two other printers that I do not use much . . the are good but not but 3 inks and the photo work is not nearly as good ... the reason for 4 stars . . not 5 stars is the glass was dusty inside and the outside shows hard use in the past ... remember this one is refurbished .
 I purchased a refurbished HP Photosmart 3210 all-in-one to replace the one I had been using for the past two years . It 's working out fine . Because of the high cost of ink cartridges , I would probably select another printer next time I purchase , but the simplicity of use and scanner/copier/printer combo works for me right now .
 I 've had this printer for awhile now and I think it is great . It is very easy to use . good quality prints . I love the convenience of photocopying at home . Easy to find replacement cartridges and install them .
 I have always been a fan of Cannon photo printers but when it came time to replace my old printer this HP printer came highly recommended . 6 months later at about 50 4X6 photo 's a week along with regular printing & this thing still works like it is brand new . It prints great photo 's . I have compared the photo 's to photo 's from my old Cannon printer & there is just no comparison.Having 6 ink cartridges is also a huge plus , I can just replace 1 color when it runs out . The scanner works great , I have scanned in pictures that are 25 years old & have reprinted them & people just cant believe how great the quality is.Overall I really think it is a great printer , I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great photo printer & who would also like to have a color photo scanner.As many of the other reviews have stated , the software installation was a little difficult but after about 15 minutes of working on it I got everything working . Well worth it though , I would not just take it back because of this.Also the paper tray does not hold to much paper . Honestly this is not a big deal to me , I just open the drawer & put more paper in , its not a big deal . Reading some of these reviews you would think people had to walk a mile to get to their printer to add more paper . This is why I read up on a product before I buy it so that their are no surprises.Maybe I just got the good one out of the batch , I do n't know but I really think its a great printer .
 Setup this printer with a wireless router and installed the software across a mixed -LRB- 3 Macs/1PC -RRB- network and it was immediately up a running . Accepted printing and scanning from the remote computers . Only problem was trying to print to the lower photo tray from iPhoto on the Macs.After checking out the documentation and online stuff , had to call HP tech support . The tech knew exactly what I was talking about and acknowledged that the info is not in the manual . But he walked me through the process and , as we spoke , sent me an email with directions . `` Problem '' solved.We love this printer .
 I bought this to replace an Epson photo printer I had that repeatedly smeared blank ink in the middle of an otherwise perfect print.I 've printed over 40 8x10 pages of B&W ; photos and so far have not had any problems . My old Epson had to be fed photo quality paper individually or it would jam ... with the HP I can put 50 pages in at once and print away!While my Epson ink catridges were cheaper , these seem to last much longer . My Epson would also clog after a day or 2 and have to be cleaned frequently . No problems like this yet from the HP.While my Epson printed photos every bit as good as the HP , it was just more costly and much more of a hassle to use
 I purchased this printer to replace my Epson 870 photo printer.Other than the wait to install the huge amount of bundled software , I am satisfied with the printer . My main concern is with the 5 individual ink cartridges . I thought I would like this feature , but at $ 70 a set , I am beginning to rethink this as a ` valued feature ' . Also , after about two months of use printing a variety of text documents and photos , I have gone through 2 YELLOW ink cartridges and have n't even made a dent in the other colors . I find it ironic that I ca n't find any at the store either . They have all the other colors in stock but are sold out of yellow . How many other people are experiencing this `` YELLOW '' phenomenon ?
 This is an exceptional piece of equipment . It does everything very well -- print , scan and copy . It 's really going to make scanning photos for my scrapbook project a joy and save me a lot of money too .
 This is my favorite item that I 've ever purchased in my entire life ! It is perfect at whatever it does - everyday printing , fabulous photo printing with superb quality , copying -LRB- color or b + w -RRB- and scanning . What really impressed me is the special feature that allows you to scan in 35mm slides ! To me , that alone was worth the price ! I had tons of old slides from my childhood that were languishing in boxes ; now they 've been scanned into my computer , manipulated via my graphics program , and printed out using paper and inks that will last over 100 years ! WOW does n't begin to describe it ! It will also let you scan in negative strips , but I have n't tried that yet . The HP image editing program that comes with it is good . This printer also lets you print out a proof sheet of your digital pictures still on the card , and select only the ones you want to print . Oh - another great feature is that each ink color has its own cartridge , so you just replace what you need instead of replacing all your inks . I have n't needed any service help yet , but my experience with HP has been that they are the very best in the business . Altogether , this all-in-one has made me VERY happy and productive ! A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + !
 I have to wonder if maybe a bad batch of these printers was sent out by HP . I have been using it with great results Since December of 2006 . I would agree with several other reviewers that the software is garbage , and that the paper tray is small . However , these do n't warrant bad quality from the printer.I have printer networked via a Linksys wireless router so that I can print from anywhere in the house . All computers -LRB- laptop and desktop -RRB- have zero issues printing to this printer . I have send CAD sectional drawings , tile layout drawings , large PDFs , large docs from both 2003 and 2007 Office -LRB- various apps -RRB- , and some light photo work all with no issues.As with any printer your paper choice dictates your quality and success printing . I only use high grade paper , and will continue to do so.I can recommend this printer to those willing to shell out for the quality .
 I bought this printer December 2006 . This printer is my 3rd HP and my second photosmart printer . By far the photo 's I have printed on the HP 3210 are the best I have ever printed at home . -LRB- I do most of my photo printing on-line at a Walgreen across the street with 1 hour pickup . -RRB- I make large posters with this printer and it has been very stingy with ink compared to the other HP printers I owed . I buy a set of 6 HP ink catridges on ebay for less then $ 40 . and only have replaced 1 -LRB- yellow -RRB- in 4 months where with my other printer I was buying ink every few weeks . I really like the fact that the ink cartridges do not move on this machine . Have not had any paper feed problems . Two friends bought this machine after I did and they are happy with their HP .
 I purchased this printer from Amazon about four months ago for $ 150 bucks . For that price its a fantastic purchase . I am used to working with $ 15,000 printers so when I initial put the unit together it felt flimsy , compared to the high-end printers at work . I treat it pretty rough and nothing has broke on it.-Paper Tray does n't hold too much paper -LRB- less then 50 -RRB- - Prints EXCEPTIONAL color pictures ... I have had it for 4 months w/o any problems . I love this printer . But I do n't know if I would pay over $ 200 bucks for it.BTW - Software that comes with it , runs my CPU at 100 % occassionally ... I have to ` endtask ' on it every now and then ... My purchase amount : Item -LRB- s -RRB- Subtotal
 I do n't know about these people wirting bad reviews but I take a lot of pictures because photography is a hobby of mine and this is the easiest printer for photography . It does film or digital , it 's so easy , just put in the film or card and print , you do n't even need your computer !
 I have read the negative reviews , and HP is still the best printer on the market at this level .
 I purchased the 3210XI . It is a great all in one machine . My photos come out gorgeous . Someone mentioned they felt their photos came out low quality , all you need to do is go into the printer setting and you can select the quality of the print you want along with the size and type of paper . Set it to `` best '' on the quality level for photos and they look fab . The software installion was so simple . I know men like to try and hook things up without reading directions first
 Great printer I 'd recommend it . I replaced a USB Scanner and an HP 6840 with this HP 3210 2 months ago , and I 'm extremely satisfied . The speed is amazing , its faster than lasers that cost 10 times as much . The photo quality is very good , boarderless prints from the built-in 4x6 tray are flawless . As a Linux user I was very happy to find out that the product is fully supported by the HPLIP project , if the HPLIP project is n't for you it works fine with the old school HPDJ 990C driver as well . The Scanner is accessible over the built-in web server and produces JPG files , making it essentially compatible with any network capable OS . The multi-ink pack Q7964AN is available online and is great to have while you figure out your ink usage patterns . The single color ink carts make it more economical when replacing ink carts , I use to hate replacing the 6840s Ink cart when Red ran out , I still had 30 % blue and 50 % yellow . I had no problem installing the software and updating it on 3 computers and a wireless laptop in about 30 minutes.The only strange thing I 've found is with the ink cartridges . While the cartridges all have the same price , they have different volumes of ink . If you look at the HP 02 Ink carts on HPs web site you 'll see that while Light Magenta contains 5.5 ml of ink , Magenta contains only 3.5 ml , yet same price ? Strange.I have n't had any problems with the software yet , and its flawless from Linux . I print large B
 So far I have not experienced the problems others have wrote about . I love this printer -- the scans are nice , the print quality is suberb , and the interface is intuitive . Some of my favorite features : * Built in print server allows you to share the printer easily between multiple computers . This is a big plus ! * Small screen on the printer allows you to look at photographs , zoom in , and do other various configurations without touching your computer * Built in slots for memory cards used in many camera -LRB- Compact Flash , SD , XD , MS -RRB- allows you to print straight from your camera to the printer without having to go through your computer
 This printer does all it 's supposed to . The paper feeder tray is a little finicky , but if you are gentle with it , no problems . Great little machine for the price . Oh , and it IS fast !
 Bought these to see if they were still as fun as they were in middle school and they still are . I use them all the time and feel as though they have improved over the years . They write very smooth and i have yet to do they whole `` shaky pen '' thing you use to have to do to get the ink to go down . Would buy again .
 The Gelly Roll pens are wonderful to doodle , write , and zentange with !! They are one of my favorite fancy pens !! SUPER GREAT !!
 SOOOOOOO GOOOOD I love this product because they work till when you first use it to the very last drop of ink
 When I use these I feel happy . They add a special touch in cards , on envelopes or just signing my name .
 Puts alittle fun into letters or birthday cards . Actual letter writing a dying art but I 'm sure an email can be exciting too . No bashing from me ...
 these are no longer carried in the store I go to , I wish they were in the store still pretty
 best glitter gel pens i 've ever seen , but i 'm a little disappointed because it came with two or three different blues ... i was hoping for more of a variety ...
 These helped feed my nostalgia . I missed being able to draw with these and they 're almost impossible to find in any store around here . My only issue is that they would stop feeding the ink a lot so you have to write pretty slow to keep and nice solid line .
 I bought some of the gelly roll Stardust pens , locally , several years ago , and they are amazing ; absolute brilliant shine and gloss ! I will continue to buy the Stardust pens when I need them !
 Bought this for my niece for a gift and she loves them . Very glittery and smooth writer . A little spendy but worth the smile on her face .
 This was a Christmas present for my granddaughter in her stocking . She loves arts and crafts and this was one of many of this type product in her stocking .
 I liked the way it writes , very smooth . Loved the colors , a great buy ! I would recommend it , it 's very fun and colorful .
 I 'm a bit of a pen fanatic and love to have a wide assortment of colors and types for different purposes . I got all the different sets I could find of the Sakura brand , and was very happy with them . This set includes # 744 -LRB- silver -RRB- # 729 -LRB- bright seafoam green -RRB- # 736 -LRB- true blue -RRB- # 720 -LRB- orchid pink -RRB- # 705 -LRB- golden orange -RRB- and # 738 -LRB- blue violet -RRB- . Note that these are my descriptions of the colors , not theirs . My only difficulty
 I am going to put the same review on all of these various Sakura markers , because I have almost all of them , and I use them all for the same purpose
 These pens are the best that I have ever used ! I have always loved the Jelly Roll branded pens , as all write smoothly and with nice , bright colors . They are perfect for all your crafting needs ! I am however , giving these pens -LRB- sold by TCP Global -RRB- a 4 out of 5 stars because the photograph displayed is deceiving ! It pictures the pens packaged in a plastic case , which if opened carefully can be used to store the pens . These pens instead come in a paper backed packaging , which is no good for storing the pens in . All of my previous purchases of Jelly Roll pens have come in the nice plastic case , which I have become accustomed to storing them in .
 All of Sakura -LRB- except Glaze and Souffle -RRB- is terrific . I color Fuzzy Velvet Posters and these are my favorite to use . The colors stay true and are amazingly glittery ! Definitely buy these instead of glitter glue , these are awesome !!!
 I bought these when the price dropped to $ 6 . I am happy with my purchase . There are 6 pen total . Two of them are blue -LRB- very similar in hue , one is slightly lighter and more turquoise -RRB- . The others are pink , green , gold and silver . The pink is a purplish pink.The darker blue pen flows faster and thicker than the others and I 've smudged it a few times because of that . But other than that , I like these pens . They are colorful and fun . I do n't think I would want to pay more than $ 6 for them , though .
 I used to use these gelly rolls in high school and thought they were n't being made anymore . They are just like they were back then ! The colors are great and the sparkle is n't over the top . I love how easily they write and the nice plump line your get with them . So fun !!!
 These pens are great if you want to color dark or colored paper . The ink is not too light and these pens give a nice coloring result . I was very happy with these pens after trying them out.The colors are : two shades of blues , orange-copper , light rose pink , green , grey-silver . All the colors are bold and shiny.The pens roll really easily.They are narrow pens , so if you have difficulty holding narrow pens then these are not good for you.You can use these in your craft work , scrapbooks or any other decoration where you need to add some sparkling colors to your work .
 These pens are my favorite . You can rarely find them in stores but I get them here and they write so nice . Any Gelly Roll product works well and is wonderful ! Highly recommended to anyone who scrapbooks or journals .
 Wow , do I ever love these pens ! Beautiful ink flows so effortlessly that working with them is instant meditation . I do wish there were more colors though . One major difference between the new Stardust and the other Sakura gelly roll pens is the new cap that seems to help keep ink juicy and flowing . I wish other manufacturers would follow suit.The only ways I think Sakura could improve these pens would be to make them more earth-friendly with refillable cartridges and parts that could be recycled . Also , a price reduction would allow those who become addicted to always keep a steady supply . While I 'm wishing upon a star , it ca n't hurt to wish that Sakura would make ALL of their gelly roll pens perform as flawlessly as the Stardust Bold Meteor Pens . Ahhhhhh ... what a beautiful thought .
 These pens make me smile ! I love the shimmer , colors and flow of the gel inkI gave a set to several friends who I knew would appreciate them and each had to try them out immediately . As predicted , they were a hit!I recently sent out thank you notes and had another opportunity to use them and loved the festive results!They truly are delightful . I will order more !
 Love it !!! Great , fun HIGH QUALITY gel pens from Japan . Last a long time , and they are awesome , gorgeous on paper . My daughter Loves them !!
 I love these pens , I have them in every color they have . They are fun to use at work when I need to write notes to my co-workers . The colors are bold and the glipper really shows through .
 I love these pens . I have used them a couple of times . I think the colors are great . So far I have n't had any problems with it running .
 These gel pens have extremely smooth writing and a very nice glitter . I have started coloring geometric designs , and using these in the middle of bold colored pencils really adds to the art ! They are real eye catchers . I was lucky enough to find these on sale at Joanne 's -LRB- a while ago ! -RRB- for .25 each , and I bought multiples . They have lasted me several years . My only regret is that I did n't buy every single one they had left !
 This item is a good use for anything . For craft , taking notes , decorating , a good collection for using later on . Fun to use and draw. : -RRB-
 These are the best quality gel pens around ... always smooth writing and drawing with a lot of options for all kinds of paper crafts . Enjoy !!
 I received what I ordered and in a timely manner . I buy these for my granddaughter who loves them and so do I !
 I had been given on of the pens to use and loved the way the ink flowed . No globs , just glided along the paper . Tried to find them at stores with no luck , but found them here at Amazon . Thanks . Love all the colors .
 WOW thank you for the Pen set , the metal flakes sparkle so much , and each color is beautiful , and exotic , oh and the price is unbeatable !
 I remember using these pens every since I was in elementary school . I can not find these in stores , but luckily amazon had them . I am soooo happy !!!!!
 These msrkers , both of them are of excellent quality and are awesome for card msking or scrap booking . Actually they sre perfect sddtion for sny psper crafting .
 I 've been looking for these tabs for some time now . My book is 10 years old and a scribbled mess . This is going to help me organize my internet passwords once again !!!
 VERY handy and well-made labels . I must have used at least 50 of them the last time I moved , but at least my fragile items were treated with care .
 This item is absolutely beautiful ! Great quality for the price . The service however was not great . The wrong item was sent and my attempts to get the right item took almost two months . Evidently there were reasons for the delay -LRB- inferior product/back orders -RRB- but I was not advised of these . I had to conitinuely check with the company to see what was going on and was not always given straight answers . I was promised that this would get to me in time for the holidays , but that did not happen . A simple note telling me that was not going to happen would have been appreciated .
 Id been looking for a long time to find a good mailer for mailing movie DVDs . The cardboard one 's Id been buying at the office supply store cost more than twice as much as these . I tried a 6x9 manilla mailer , and the person who rcvd it said the packaging was torn open when he rcvd it , so this ` poly ' material should be much better . And this size is great , the DVD fits in very easily with room to spare , whereas a 6x9 size is a really tight fit . LATER -LRB- 11/1/11 -RRB-
 Generally this unit is very good . On complaint on this item was that the locking mechanism did not mount flush to the surface so I ended up putting an O ring behind the looking mechanism to give it a finished look . I would also have preferred one deep drawer with only 4 total drawers -LRB- for paint cans .
 I use this product every day in my classroom . We have a Question of the Day that we graph . It 's so easy for the kids to answer the question on this graph . They love it !
 Vendor experience A1 . Product shipped as promised . For at least 15 yrs my wife used a personal Filofax to keep our life organized . It was worn and needed to be replaced . The new organizer appears to be similar quality . It 's used constantly even though we are `` IT people '' because there is comfort in a written record/calendar . Highly recommended .
 This is a lovely product - the leather a beautiful texture and dark cherry red which looks like it will wear very well . Arrived quickly and with no problems , I am very happy with it .
 I carry two agendas a Scully Leather and this Filofax , mostly for business meetings , notes , journaling , scheduling , contacts , financing , everything . I write my personal thoughts and then transfer these to my journals , notebooks , papers , etc. . It 's extremely useful , but I added some other add ons to it .
 I have owned this system for about 2 years . It is by far the best and easy system to use and operate that I have ever owned . I love that I can retrieve messages from the answering machine from any handset - an incredible convenience . I recently added 3 additionals handsets - adding them to the system could n't have been any easier . I highly recommend this phone system .
 This is the best system I 've owned . Very easy to set up & use
 The item was exactly as described in the listing . Shipped to me the day after I purchased it and it was packed very well in bubble wrap . Merchant was very helpful with answering concerns that I had about the product .
 Great handset . I have the base unit located in a central part of the house and these handsets work well in every room . All the normal stuff ; called id , call waiting , and a centrally located answering machine that can be accessed from any handset . But they really shine when it comes to range . I can answer a call and then walk to any room in the house , and I have a large house , and get a nice strong signal wherever I go . I bought these 2 additional units for the guest bedrooms .
 This is the 3rd handset we purchased for the base unit and we LOVE IT ! LOVE IT , LOVE IT ! Yes , it 's a bit more pricer then others , but , hey , you get what you pay for ! Simple to SINC with the base unit . Them u just plug this phone extenstion into any electrical outlet in your home and BAM ! You 've got another phone it that room -LRB- cordless -RRB- ! You can also change the rings so when someong special is calling there special ring will play . Not to mention it 's set up to ANNOUNCE who 's calling so we know IF we want to pick it the phone or just let it go into the answering mode . It also has a PRIVACY button - to ensure that none of your nosey neighbors can here your converstaion on there scannner because it blocks it out ! LOVE IT , LOVE IT , LOVE IT .
 I purchased the base set a couple of years ago and needed an extra handset . Amazon was one of the few places that offered the product . It works great with my 3 other sets . I love all the features this particular model has.Gazerro
 No complaints at all for this phone . It takes a beating , as it 's been dropped on various types of surfaces , and still works . Although it does n't claim to be waterproof , it still works fine after having been left out in the rain for a couple of hours . The clarity is great , speakerphone works very well , talking caller I.D. is a neat innovation , different colored blinking lights on the antenna help find the phone in a darkened room , and programmable ringtones/sounds gets a lot of compliments from friends . The battery life is very good , and the phone has given no trouble at all during the two years I 've owned the system . The base can accept up to 8 handsets , and I 've just bought the 5th one for this review . Would have bought all 8 , but they are a little pricey .
 I ordered 2 additional phones for my set purchased about 8 months ago . It appears that sound and clarity of screen and text is even better than my orginally purchased units . The company followed up with email and letter , along with their phone number , just in case I needed some help . Excellent service . Thank you . February 19 , 2007 .
 I have the KXTG5500 phone system that came with 3 handsets . I ordered the additional handset dreading attempting to get it recognized by the base system . The setup instructions were short and simple . In less than 30 seconds the phone was setup and working excellently . The phone and its system are great ...
 I purchased this phone handset and charging base to add to the same Panasonic system -LRB- KX-TGA551M -RRB- that I purchased years ago . I was surprised that Panasonic still sell identical units after all these years . The add-on phone works great , as advertised .
 I love this phone system . I have had it ever since they first came out . Still have it and love it just as much as the first week I had it .
 If you are looking for a great 5.8 GHz phone system this is it . Bought the base unit plus 2 satelites from SAMS over 15 months ago . I just purchased my second supplemental handset a few weeks ago.Installation was a breeze and the unit has GREAT reception as I live on 1.5 acres and roaming on this property is not a problem at all .
 This was a great transaction . The phone was received in a very timely manner . It was exactly as advertised . Would do business with them again .
 Integrated into my phone system perfectly . Very easy to follow instructions . Works like a charm . I 've had it for a month now and am very happy with the product . Panasonic phone systems are very high quality .
 I 'm quite satisfied wuth the Panasonics system -LRB- 2 handsets and base -RRB- . It functions all around our place and is very clear and no problems with wifi.It is somewhat slow in dialing but not a significant problem for us . we are slow too !
 Arrived quickly and in good condition . Instalation was quick and easy . Works wonderfully . Could not get it to connect to my PC via IE 9 .
 These phones are very well made and the voice quality is excellent . The replacement cost was a expensive ; but worth it . I have used these phones for several years and found them to be very reliable .
 I have had this phone system with 4 handsets since 2005 , and love it . HOWEVER , there is one major issue with it . My son has a certain work cell phone and when he calls me and it rings more than twice , his cell will take down the whole Panasonic house system . I have to then unplug the main phone and like re-boot it to get it back up . I do n't know what cell phone he 's using , but this is a fatal flaw in my book . Anyone else have this issue ? I do n't know why this should happen .
 Have used this telephone for a couple of years . Like it very much , however , it is not impervious to spilling a glass of water on it so I replaced the handset .
 I have bought two of these handsets -LRB- reconditioned -RRB- for my Panasonic 5.8 GHz phone system . The handsets have some fancy features that I have n't used . But as wireless handsets , they work well .
 This is the 4th phone added to the original 3 that were supplied when the phones were purchased . This phone is actually better than than the 3 that were supplied in the set that I purchased . Now I have a phone in almost every room of my home . I wish that all of my phones were of the same quality of this one . It can be hooked up to a computer , but have not done that yet . I was able to copy the phone book from one of my other phones to this one , so it was made fully compatible with the other 3 phones quickly . I feel that Panasonic is a high quality supplier , and have no problems with the other ones in the set over several years of use . Each of the 4 phones now has it 's own charging source , so I never have a problem trying to use a phone that has a dead battery . Great Product and can recommend it if a customer would require an additional phone with their Panasonic phone set . Will have these phones for many years into the future .
 The Panasonic Cordless telephone system with Answering Machine works beautifully , has great sound clarity and many features . Works better than most others I have tried .
 RELIEABLE , EFFICIENT , & DURABLE WELL WORTH THE MONEY !!! TALKING CALLER ID IS GREAT FOR THE MOST PART CAN UNDERSTAND ALL CALLERS NAMES . YOU CAN ALSO ASSIGN SONGS TO EVERY CALLER TO ID THEM . GREAT PHONE ALSO BOUGHT 4 EXPANDABLE PHONES FOR THIS UNIT
 This phone is awesome . I just bought addition handsets to go with the base because the sound is so clear . Love it .
 The phone is excellent . I received it in excellent condition and I received it in a timely fashion . I will be ordering another phone to put by the computer table . This is real quality stuff Panasonic is selling and SuperSaver is a Great Retailer .
 This is my third addition to this phone system . It is state of the art technology at a very reasonable price . I have had no problems and appreciate all the little extra features such as color coded message waiting .
 Great price , excellent service and fast delivery . A very satisfying buying experience .
 My family and I love this phone . The sound clarity is very good . Many interesting rings and the best part is the talking caller ID . I can hear who is calling even from across the room.I plan to order a few more handsets for this system .
 It was so easy to setup the handset with base station . Good signal and it 's wi-fi friedly
 Good quality , but pricey . Considering the long term advancements in telecommunications technology , coupled with highly automated , relatively cheap production costs , someone in the sales chain is cutting a fat profit on this phone , particulary the handsets . In addition , the instructions could be improved
 I bought this additional handset to use with my KX-TG5538 Panasonic base and it has been working like a charm . Actually this phone in my opinion should have come with the base and has a larger screen , allows you to upload your own pictures -LRB- where the phones that came with the original based dissapointedly did not -RRB- . I like the abilty to change ringtones as well . Voice quality has been great and the $ 20 rebate helped offset the expensive price for this individual handset . All my fiends and neighbors are in awe of this!Only con is that I can not automatically transfer the phone book from my other handsets to this one which can be a pain .
 I purchased this system from another vendor and bought two extra handsets from Amazon . This phone is outstanding in terms of ease of use and quality of sound . It is very easy to toggle between voice and speaker.It is nice to put digital pictures on the phone , but I would consider this a novelty.The price tag is on the high end -LRB- the only down side I see -RRB- , but this is the third phone system I have purchased in the last year . I would have saved a lot of money if I got this from the get go .
 Finally a phone and handset that is almost perfect . You do n't have to read or listen to the `` mushed '' caller ID voice to identify when you want to answer the phone . You have many alternate choices ... ring tones , pictures that pop up , and/or the blinking message light color . There are some weaknesses compared to the many other phones I have owned
 this phone is great . it has many fantastic features and the voice/sound is great . the only thing i do n't like about an additional handset is that if you pick up the phone when there is an incoming call with one handset , the other handsets says missed call . it would be great if they would all work togather . but all in all it 's a great phone and would definately recommend it .
 I bought the base set for this telephone and I liked it so much that I decided to get two extensions . The extension phones are unbelievably convenient because they 're wireless and one just plugs them into an electrical outlet wherever one will be handy . The base phone can handle up to seven extensions and the extensions have a wide range and good clarity . I am multipy physically disabled and the extension phones save me from often having to answer my phone on a landline , then having the caller wait while I switch to a cordless , so I can move around . No more rushing to try to get to the cordless phone before it stops ringing . The entire set is superb and quite easy to program and to use . I especially like the fact that one can send one 's directory to all of the extensions from the main phone , not having to program names and their phone numbers into each extension individually ! Since I have over 40 entries programmed into my directory , this has saved me a great deal of time . These are definitely the best phones that I have ever had!Panasonic GigaRange KX-TG5576M 5.8 GHz DSS Expandable Cordless Phone with Answering System and Color LCD on Handset -LRB- Metallic Grey -RRB-
 I 've been really happy with my new handsets . I specifically selected them because they used the 5.8 GHz range -LRB- no interference with my home 's WiFi network -RRB- , and had color screens . Because the units connect via RF , I can place them wherever I need a phone in the house without regard to the location of my phone jacks . Every handset then uses the hardwire connection via my phone 's base station . When you 're setting up the new handsets , you can have them copy over the phone numbers you 've saved in the base station , which is really convenient , since you do n't have to reenter them each time you add an additional handset .
 I purchased a kit of 3 of these phones a year ago , and then after I was satisfied , purchased 2 more handsets -LRB- for 5 total -RRB- . They work great in an old house -- you can come in any door , or out of the shower , and check your phone messages . You can relocate the handsets to anywhere -LRB- no more relying on phone jacks -RRB- , and leave one out on the porch , or in the basement , etc. . Clarity is good , interference is minimal -LRB- perhaps only with the vacuum cleaner -RRB- . The voice announcing of caller ID is pretty good -- it helps sometimes , even though they rarely read the name correctly , you get used to their `` nicknames '' . The color screen is probably not as necessary , but I thought I might use the USB features and download photos for each frequent caller , etc. . I purchased some refurbished ones and am very satisfied with it .
 We purchased this phone as an add on to my mothers Panasonic system 5576 . It 's easy for her to use because the computer screen on the phone is backlit , the caller id tells her who 's calling , and we have it set up so that she can answer by hitting anykey and then pressing the speakerphone button on the phone . She then just places the phone on the end table and talks as normal . This way she does not have to remove her hearing aids . When using speakerphone it 's impossible for the person on the other line to tell because of the voice clarity .
 Bought this to add an additional phone to my base unit system . Works perfectly . Battery last a long time , and I love being able to customize the phone book , background wallpaper , and ring tones from my PC.Only thing missing is bluetooth compatibility .
 This phone is fabulous . I love the colored screen . It has great clarity . Easy to use . I will purchase another one soon .
 Sturdy monitor standAdjustable heightLarge tray for papers and pencilsI bought one for myself and one for my son 's college dorm . Then I liked those so much , I bought two more for other computers in my house . So I 've purchased four now . If your monitor is sitting on your desktop , it is likely too low for comfort . The stand helps you place the monitor at the right height . The drawer holds all your office supplies
 Strong , useful , elegant.I am very pleased with this Item . I have this huge monitor that weights around 70 Pounds that for my confort needed to be higher , and this `` Riser '' does the job elegantly . I needed it higher and higher it is , and the little drawer under , became the place where lots of useful things are handy and always present.Nice strong piece of hardware . I am pleased with this purchase.KG
 It works great for raising up the small tv in my bedroom . I like the extra drawer space it provides .
 I purchased a larger monitor and the old riser I had was too tall . This Fellowes monitor riser is great in that you can adjust the height so it 's appropriate for you . I also like that it has a drawer for storage . There 's room to put my computer speakers on it in back of the monitor - saves space on the desktop . Have been very pleased with it . The only minor negative was in the set-up -- getting the legs just right on all four corners so it was level took a little trial and error time -- but this is very minor complaint .
 I do n't have much drawer space , and this is just what I needed for stuff I need handy , but do n't want to have all over my desk .
 I love this monitor riser . I had a hard time findng one tall enough . The storage space and cost made it perfect . Shipping was even faster than anticipated . Well done !
 I have been working with a TalkSwitch system in a consulting firm for over a year and a half now . Having had no previous experience with any IP phone systems I was able to learn 98 % of what I needed to know to operate the system as well as learning how to make necessary changes within the first couple hours of going through the configuration utility on my own.The configuration utility is fairly straightforward and easy to use and I am able to add new lines to our network or change existing configurations in under half an hour . The system has many extraordinary features not only for in-office equipment , but for adding remote extensions as well . Setting up call redirects to remote extensions and creating special auto-attendants for employees calling in takes little more than typing in the phone numbers intended for such use and clicking 2 to 3 buttons.You are also able to connect remotely to the configuration utility via IP from other locations if you have the correct IP address and password , enabling you to not have to deal with the equipment directly to make changes.In the time our office has had the system we have had maybe 2 relatively minor technical issues that were solved rather quickly when we contacted our provider -LRB- Colvin Communications -RRB- , and have only needed to replace one older model phone of all our equipment -LRB- due to lightning -RRB- . All in all the Talkswitch system has set a high bar for any competing IP phone systems as far as ease of use and reliability . We are quite happy with our system and are currently in the process of expanding our equipment .
 We have been running a 240vs system with 5 extensions for about a year and a half . It is a good product . The fact is it not like buying an answering machine , where one can just plug it into the phone jack . It does take some degree of technical ability to set up ; but it is easier than setting up a router -LRB- which I 've only done twice . -RRB- I 've never configured a phone system before but was able to install the system and get it configured.I had to contact the support about 4 times over the 1.5 years . Two of the times I called after hours and the tech called me back and left a message telling me how to solve the problem . Once I called during hours and the tech solved my problem . Finally the one email query did take a few days but it was responded to.It is a good product at a good price ; that makes it a great product . >> >> > UPDATE Jan 2 , 2013The original review was from August 2011 ... it is now a year an a half later and it is still working fine .
 I have had the Talkswitch for almost a year . I read the bad reviews and decided to try it anyway . So Far it has worked very good . I am in real estate and created mail boxes for properties that I was selling . The software was easy to understand . I did not need support because I read the manual . The only hipcup was power outage . Once back on line the computer updated the box . I was back in business . My Talkswitch has paid for itself . I was think of getting another as a backup . I would and have recommended this produce . It is a cheap pbx for a small office .
 Very nice xylene based ink . Very opaque smooth when used with any of the Super Color markers . Dries very quickly and evenly.The eyedropper dosent really hold very much ink , so it takes a while to refill a marker with it.The MSDS for this ink can be found here
 space saver . My printer sits on top , this is a sturdy product too , I love it .
 Make sure to see the dimensions on this , it takes up a lot of space . Its very good in saving space and getting organzied . I use my printer on this and throw all the paper below , its perfect . I 've used this for a while and its held up great .
 I purchased this item for my desk at work since I did n't have a convenient space for storing paper and envelopes . It is large enough to hold a large printer and sturdy enough to support a laser printer . Although I like having the four drawers , each which will accommodate a ream of legal sized paper , it does take up desk space . I did n't rate it 5 stars since it is plastic , not fine furniture , but it does the job and is reasonably priced .
 Needed an affordable phone system for a small business . This system fulfilled all our needs beyond expectations . Easy to use . Easy to set-up . Analog or IP phones or both . Expandable so you can add on to your network system as your business grows . Excellent !
 This is an excellent system for a small business wanting to save money on a pbx system . This system is self managed and easy to set up . My favorite options are voicemail to email and you can even delete voicemails from your email . I also love all the functionality . I was easily able to set up home extensions using Talkswitch IP phones . This allowed me to take phone calls for the office while working at home . Another plus is external extensions which allows you to program external phone # 's like a cell phone as an extension which allows you to transfer calls to a cell phone .
 This sharpener has plenty of power , and you do n't feel any lag of power when sharpening . The tray comes out easily , and feels secure when it pops right back in place . A great value . Happy sharpening !
 I bought this pen for my son as a birthday gift . He loves it -- says it flows so smoothly . Delivery time was great .
 Sturdy and stable and looks great on the counter . I use this to hold my cookbook while I 'm cooking . Works great to keep the pages clean .
 I loved this so much that I am buying one for each of several friends . It is beautifully made , functional , and works perfectly . Thank you so much for offering this , Amazon . Thank you Woodform for making them !
 I like this company very much , I will do business with them again . Excellent packing job . Item came very quick
 The product , as well as the service that comes with it , is reliable , impressive , and totally in a class by itself . The manufacturer and respective employees should be commended for their efforts to proudly market this product to all those that need not worry about any unexpected surprises . Truly wonderful experience making this purchase through Amazon . com
 The bookstand arrived promptly and seems to be as described in size , solidity , and function . My only complaint is that the finish was somewhat `` rough '' as though it was applied unevenly .
 This has been a great tool for when you are studying and also when you need to type something . It also looks very nice too .
 I wanted something that would make it easy to look up references and/or other things like movie reviews . This book stand is just great ; it swivels and fits nicely on my desk . It is well made and finished beautifully . I highly recommend it to other people who like to use books on a regular basis .
 It has its own table and light , it 's used consistently by grandchildren and grandparents alike . It 's stopped a dropped large dictionary suffering a broken spine . It 's a great , affordable dictionary stand and it 's all mine !
 I love all of our woodform purchases . The wood finish and quality are first-rate !
 I love all of our woodform purchases . The wood finish and quality are first-rate !
 Sturdy and stable and looks great on the counter . I use this to hold my cookbook while I 'm cooking . Works great to keep the pages clean .
 I loved this so much that I am buying one for each of several friends . It is beautifully made , functional , and works perfectly . Thank you so much for offering this , Amazon . Thank you Woodform for making them !
 This is a blessing for my pastor / husband and it matches the pulpit perfectly . It holds the Bible just right .
 I like this company very much , I will do business with them again . Excellent packing job . Item came very quick
 The product , as well as the service that comes with it , is reliable , impressive , and totally in a class by itself . The manufacturer and respective employees should be commended for their efforts to proudly market this product to all those that need not worry about any unexpected surprises . Truly wonderful experience making this purchase through Amazon . com
 The bookstand arrived promptly and seems to be as described in size , solidity , and function . My only complaint is that the finish was somewhat `` rough '' as though it was applied unevenly .
 This has been a great tool for when you are studying and also when you need to type something . It also looks very nice too .
 I wanted something that would make it easy to look up references and/or other things like movie reviews . This book stand is just great ; it swivels and fits nicely on my desk . It is well made and finished beautifully . I highly recommend it to other people who like to use books on a regular basis .
 It has its own table and light , it 's used consistently by grandchildren and grandparents alike . It 's stopped a dropped large dictionary suffering a broken spine . It 's a great , affordable dictionary stand and it 's all mine !
 Sturdy and stable and looks great on the counter . I use this to hold my cookbook while I 'm cooking . Works great to keep the pages clean .
 I loved this so much that I am buying one for each of several friends . It is beautifully made , functional , and works perfectly . Thank you so much for offering this , Amazon . Thank you Woodform for making them !
 This is a blessing for my pastor / husband and it matches the pulpit perfectly . It holds the Bible just right .
 I like this company very much , I will do business with them again . Excellent packing job . Item came very quick
 The product , as well as the service that comes with it , is reliable , impressive , and totally in a class by itself . The manufacturer and respective employees should be commended for their efforts to proudly market this product to all those that need not worry about any unexpected surprises . Truly wonderful experience making this purchase through Amazon . com
 The bookstand arrived promptly and seems to be as described in size , solidity , and function . My only complaint is that the finish was somewhat `` rough '' as though it was applied unevenly .
 This has been a great tool for when you are studying and also when you need to type something . It also looks very nice too .
 I wanted something that would make it easy to look up references and/or other things like movie reviews . This book stand is just great ; it swivels and fits nicely on my desk . It is well made and finished beautifully . I highly recommend it to other people who like to use books on a regular basis .
 It has its own table and light , it 's used consistently by grandchildren and grandparents alike . It 's stopped a dropped large dictionary suffering a broken spine . It 's a great , affordable dictionary stand and it 's all mine !
 I love all of our woodform purchases . The wood finish and quality are first-rate !
 I dropped my phone several times but still works . The sound , range , and battery life are average . In case the battery is weak , I am near the desk , or power failure , I use the corded unit . The batteries are NiMH so there is no memory problems like the old cadmium batteries . The price is right .
 It provided significantly longer results in comparison to the regular polyester labels when in an industrial setting . However , after a good amount of pressure , and a good time soaking , the ink will eventually wear out when using a tough coolant in machine work .
 These dymo industrial labels have a super strong permenant adhesive . They adhere in places where most other labels fail . They are great for any type of high use environment .
 We have had this phone model since 2003 and everyone was disappointed when it cracked and broke . This was a perfect replacement that works well and is in near-mint condition for being used . The phone is basic and works well , and the seller should be commended for providing a phone and charger in great condition !
 Delivered quickly as promised . Was very helpful with some mailing issuesthat proved to be a US mail issue and not the vendors fault.The vendor was extremely accomodating . Batteriesfix the phone right up and saved me from having topurchase a entire new unit .
 I discovered Moleskine notebooks in London about two months ago and bought my first , a Small Ruled Notebook , about one month ago . It 's not taken me long to become a convert to these little gems , since I 've now bought my second Moleskine , the small address book.The address book was n't entirely what I was expecting , but that 's a good thing . It is almost identical to the small ruled notebook , except for alphabetized tabs along the page edges . Unlike most address books , there are no neat boxes to fill in with names , street addresses , and city/state/ZIP ; no separate spaces for home , work , and cell numbers . There are only ... lines.What this means , of course , is that you can record whatever information you choose to , however you choose to . A person can be tucked into one line , or have an entire page for herself . Moleskine makes a big deal about its notebooks being tools for the self-expression of the people who use them , and I was very pleasantly surprised to see that this philosophy extends even into the usually-mundane world of the address book . I did n't expect to have such a positive reaction to this product , but that 's what happened .
 This is the best handbag-size address book . Discreet , sexy , all grown up . I bought my first one in Italy and will continue to buy more -LRB- because I never write in pencil ! -RRB-
 Since the book was sealed when I bought it , I expected that it would contain the usual spaces -LRB- i.e. name , address , city , etc -RRB- and I was pleasantly surprised to find-out that it simply contained lines to write down whatever information you wanted . No tiny spaces for you to struggle information into , you had lines to write down whatever you wanted . I 've never used all the spaces given in a typical address book and now I have one that I am 100 % comfortable and satified with .
 Love the pocket in the back . Love that it 's not pre-printed , just blank lines . Let 's me write as little or as much as I want .
 Nothing compares to these awesome notebooks . You 'll never go back to the office supply variety after you 've used one of these .
 Love this little address book with the pocket in the back . The lined pages allow you to write as little or as much as you want and the pocket allows for notes and other odds & ends .
 Moleskine Small Address BookHas good quality paper , a built in page marker , enough pages , durable cover , and conveniently small . And price is right .
 Those pockets came really very fast . They are exactly what I 've wanted - cheap pockets and clear view . The pockets are firm although they look really gentle . They were packed very good .
 This is the best rangefinder I 've owned . What impressed me most was 1/2 yard accuracy that it offered . All the other models I looked at were either 1 or 2 yard accuracy . This thing actually gives you your range in decimal places . The clarity was great also . I would recommend this rangefinder above all others .
 while my game is n't quite good enough -LRB- yet -RRB- to need to know if the pin is 87 yards out vs. 851/2 yards -LRB- which this is apparently accurate enough to tell you -RRB- , i do benefit from knowing that the green is in the general vicinity of 85 - which is fortunate , because if needed to know precisely I 'd have to mount this thing on a tripod - the hand-held aspect of aiming at something a hundred or so yards away means that -LRB- at least in MY hands -RRB- you 're going to be lucky to get the same reading twice . Which is n't to say that this is not a useful tool - like i said , i only need to know ABOUT how far i am to pick the right club -- and then i can use the 8x scope to see if i hit it up next to the hole !
 The unit I received was DOA but was replaced with a better model . It was bought as a gift for a friend . I have had one myself for 9 years and like it very much . Do not have to carry binoculars as this has 8x magnification . Mine works well and batteries last forever .
 I was looking for a rangefinder for a long time to see what it could do for my golf game . I finally had the chance to try this Nikon one out in person and I was sold ! Very small , very easy to use and really amazing accuracy . This is the best thing to happen to my golf game -LRB- and it needs a lot of help -RRB- in a long time ! Try it you 'll like it !
 I have been an afficionado of blank books since childhood , and this one is the best . A moleskine usually lasts me about a year -- that 's a year of grocery lists , ideas , business plans , sketches of where the furniture ought to be , phone numbers , recipes , all the things I might have written on scraps of paper and lost if it were n't for my moleskine . Who needs a Blackberry?This notebook is sturdy , with pages sewn -LRB- rather than glued -RRB- , so they do n't fall out . The paper is good quality , a pleasure to write on . There 's a ribbon to keep your place , and an elastic to keep the notebook shut while it 's bashing around your bag or pocket . There 's even a clever little accordion-pleated pocket in the back for receipts or ticket stubs or other small paper treasures.Moleskines come lined and blank as well as squared , but the squared is best for my purposes -- and you 'll be amazed how many uses you find for graph paper once you have it .
 This is the book many others attempt to duplicate but simply can not . In addition to the cool little features like elastic band -LRB- keeps book closed when stuffed full of other found items & papers -RRB- , the pocket in the back and the durable cover this is a very well made book . As a student of book making , this is a classic piece . Most books nowadays are a form of `` perfect binding '' where the pages are just glued on the spine . Needless to say this is as non-archival and non-durable as it gets . Moleskine 's are done they classic way
 The Mokeskine notebooks are must haves for art majors . They 're handy for quick sketches , laying out ideas for 2D/3D design class , keeping track of glazing formulas , class assignments , personal notes and reminders , email addresses and phone numbers , just about anything you can think of to draw or write down . The smaller ones fit in a pocket or small purse and the larger ones go nicely in your portfolio or backpack .
 This is a great note book . Is very well constructed and will sustain abuse . I am a civil engineer and use it on the field constantly I have 2 a small 3.5 by 5.5 and a medium . I particularly recommend the small with squares the size is perfect for you back pocket .
 I 've been using small notebooks for the past three years as part of my attempt to wrangle projects and daily tasks . The Moleskine Small Squared is right for the job . It is not so precious that I fear besmirching it with my scribblings , but it is nice enough that I am happy to bring it out in a business setting , with customers present or otherwise . The grid makes it easy to quickly jot down a to-do-list with checkboxes and a little space to mark when I 've delegated a task , decided not to do it after all , etc. . I tend to use the right-hand page for such lists , and the left-hand page for notes and other jottings ; the fact that the book lays flat makes this easy . The paper is of moderately weight ; stern enough to prevent bleed-though with my favorite rollerball , but light enough to make for a slim volume with many pages . I recommend it .
 I 've bought journals , notebooks and various note-taking `` systems ' for 30-something years . Moleskines are the best , hands down . I like the small ones that fit in my pocket , but there 's a Mokeskine for everyone . The sturdy elastic holds it together or acts as a placeholder , and there 's an inside pocket for loose bits . I have one I use multiple times a day , gets knocked around and crammed into my pocket , and a year later it 's still intact . They even throw in perforated pages at the very back for a quick tear-out note , but the other pages are securely sewn and glued . Bravo Moleskine , the ne plus ultra of notebooks .
 This notebook has served me well for six months . Unfortunately , the paper is better suited to ballpoint or rollerball pens than to fountain pens . For most readers , this wo n't be an issue . Recommended !
 Great for jotting down woodworking ideas , technical drawings , numbers , anything really . I have one I keep for woodworking and one I keep for remembering passwords , IP addresses , and networking info .
 I have several of these AMAZING notebooks , and looking for something new in my Moleskine collection , I got the squared book . I have found so much use in this book for putting it in my handbag and just writing anything that I may need or want to write . You can sketch in here , and being the doodler I am , make cool designs with the squares !! Who needs a BlackBerry when you can do ALL those things with a handy dandy notebook . No matter what you may use this book for , the greatest thing is that it is sturdy enough to get the wear and tear of love that your journal deserves .
 This notebook is perfect , not too bulky , not too small . Fits in pockets , purses , handbags , etc. .
 Everything from start to finish w / the seller went fine . Product was in good condition on arrival .
 I had planned on using this for an index card-based hipster PDA , but because there are only six pockets and I like to see my to-dos with a clear front or something , it did n't work out . However , I found that this product worked perfectly as a wallet for me . I have the six pockets categorized as 1 -RRB- cash/student ID , 2 -RRB- driving -LRB- DL , insurance card -RRB- , 3 -RRB- credit card 1 -LRB- card , any receipts -RRB- , 4 -RRB- credit card 2 -LRB- card , any receipts -RRB- , 5 -RRB- banking -LRB- debit card , account numbers -RRB- , 6 -RRB- miscellaneous cards -LRB- phone card , movie rental membership cards , etc. -RRB- . I like it for holding money because the pockets are totally enclosed , so I can hold change in them without worrying about them slipping out the bottom or something . Also , coupons slip easily into the front pocket when I 'm doing the grocery shopping . It can hold all of my receipts as well . Best of all , the elastic strap keeps it closed and keeps everything contained , and even when it 's full , it stays pretty slim and compact so that it fits easily in my purse . Great product !
 I was looking for the this item for several months in store all over the city with no luck to be found . I was so happy to find it online and at such a great price . It was mailed to me right away and I received it in the mail within days .
 I have the whole line of these and they look great ! they are sturdy and durable ... they certainly end clutter issues !!! and with style !
 Dresses up the office , and does the job . I 'll keep purchasing these , in multiple colors . Perfect for my husband 's papers and more .
 The unit was as described and works well . I wish the volume could go up just a smidge higher , but otherwise it works well .
 Just got one of this as a X-mas present . Have been an user of the small sketchbooks for years now , and I find this version to be a pleasant change of pace . While the small format could prove impractical when using conventional pens , it works quite nicely with extra fine pigment and gel pens .
 ok , this thing is so cool and perfect I 've actually had it for a few months now and HAVE N'T used it ! It 's like i 'm scared to ruin it ! I promise I will use you soon of sweet Moleskin Storyboard Notebook !
 I have only used them a few times , but work as described . Feel to be made of quality material , and work very well .
 I never buy anything online without reading these reviews , which is why I HAD to give my input . I admit that programming this machine was a BEAST because I could n't sync to my computer -LRB- missing driver or something -RRB- but once everything is in there it is a dream to operate . My cashiers love it and it makes my life so much easier because I know what items are selling , what 's not , how much per hour -LRB- so I can more efficiently manage scheduling -RRB- , and so many other wonder features for such a great price . My only complaint is that the buttons across the top row of the touch screen can be difficult to maneuver , sometimes activating the key below the one you want , but this is resolved by using your fingertip instead of the stylus -LRB- or fingernails -RRB- . Overall a great product !
 I 've been enamored with the Moleskine line of products for a few years and this item is no exception . I have a small version of this book that I keep receipts in and it works great . I am reluctant to even label the tabs , I like it so much .
 I really love my Moleskine notebooks ! These are wonderful and look nice . They fit anywhere . I like the pockets because I can keep a variety of loose papers or business cards or whatever in them and they wo n't fall out ! They are a little more expensive than your run-of-the-mill notebooks , but if you value quality , they are definitely worth it .
 I love these things ! In college I became accustomed to having a notebook nearby to jot down information or diagram an idea . I drifted away from this in the work world . My electronic devices , mostly Palms and iPhones , lacked the immediacy of a simple pen and paper . It always felt like you had to `` set something up '' on a PDA before writing or drawing anything.These little notebooks are the answer . Ca n't believe I did n't run into them sooner . They achieve excellence through elegance . Simple and well-made , they do their job without fuss . A few things I like about using mine : - Ideal size . It fits in my pocket . - Unobtrusive . Simple , ignorable black cover . - Bookmark ribbon . Easy to use , easy to move out of the way . Hate it ? Cut it off . - Back cover pocket . Great for little things that fall out when tucked between pages . I 've got a couple of family pictures , a few business cards , and a $ 20 bill . - Pages . A good number of them made from quality paper . They are sturdy enough to hold on to the occasional paperclip to mark a reference page . -LRB- Keep some of them in the pocket , too . -RRB- - Elastic band . It holds the book open to a particular page when needed , holds it closed when you are finished , and keeps your pen clipped on the front cover from sliding off to the side . Multiple functions from a simple piece of elastic . Elegant!Yep , these little books are handy . Get one . Or better -- get a case of them so you can support your habit if the company goes out of business.A final note . Moleskine notebook apps have recently been released for the iPhone and iPad . The app design is not yet there , in my opinion . But I have high hopes for the future , though I will keep using the books , too . It seems a good idea to download them now while they are free . You will likely be `` grandfathered in '' to the improved commercial version when it appears .
 Pros : High quality paper with a more elegant feel to them than composition notebooks.Cons : The page marking fabric has a tendency to come out during use ...
 I love these guys . Perfect size and the ruled lines are great . When I use this one up , I will buy another.You know , to write stuff in.Works with Evernote too .
 Good quality but bigger than I expected . Not good for someone who prefers to keep these in his back pocket but still good otherwise .
 Good Solid product , exactly what I ordered . I would recommend this product to others , and I would order it again .
 I 've been using this for about 6 years now and it 's the standard.holds up very well . I usually go through one a year . I keep wondering when evernote and my iPad are going to replace my moleskin but there is n't quite anything like a moleskin out there . I keep a stockpile fo these for new employees in the office .
 I 'm a fan of moleskine notebooks . I 've been writing in them for a couple of years now and they 're my preferred medium .
 I was using bigger notebooks or portfolios for day to day notes at work . I 'm enjoying the moleskine because it is a good size and looks professional . While this is a &#34; large &#34; notebook realize before you purchase it is actually smaller than a standard notebook . It is a bit smaller than a composition notebook . I enjoy writing in it and it holds up to my day to day use .
 It 's a Moleskine ` nuff said . The name carries the brand and all that you would expect is here . Fits perfectly in a cargo pocket , has a nifty pocket inside the back that is the size of whole cover . If you know the brand you 'll want this .
 This is my first time using a Moleskine notebook , and I 'm impressed with the quality and durability . The pages are sturdy , but not too thick , so the thin notebook still offers great capacity . I 've had no issues with ink bleeding through . The size is also great . It 'll easily fit in a medium-sized purse , laptop bag , glove compartment , etc. . I plan to get another when I 'm done with this one .
 Classic in red . I use it mostly for taking random notes and for recording my gym workouts . I buy them all the time and they come with hard cover and great paper stock that last long .
 I have both the soft and the hard cover versions of this . -LRB- This one is the hard cover version . The soft cover version is atMoleskine Ruled Notebook Soft Cover Pocket . -RRB- They are both great but I prefer the hardcover . Neither the soft nor the hard cover versions open to lie completely flat as would a wire-bound notebook , making them a little harder to write in when conditions are less than ideal . The hardcover is a little easier to hold in one hand in a way to provide a convenient and solid writing surface.Also , the `` elastic closure '' on the hard cover is a little more substantial . I have more confidence that it will continue to provide a firm closure over time . I think they had to make the elastic on the soft cover a little lighter so as not to deform the soft cover.I therefore give the hard cover -LRB- this one -RRB- five stars and the soft cover four stars .
 I own several quality moleskine products . My favorites are the pocket-sized lined notebooks . The 2008-2009 18-Month day planner is another example of the highest quality materials put out by Moleskine . Though it covers 18 months , it is still small enough to fit in a pocket . The planner contains loads of additional useful travel information much like the travel guides from Moleskine . It 's also got the Moleskine pocket in the back cover and several stickers to highlight important events . In the modern electronic age , I still find this product more useful than a PDA and will purchase one for 2010 !
 Its light wieght and well made . It was a good purchase . I believe It will hold up well .
 For the established -LRB- or aspiring -RRB- intellectual or creative thinker , these books are the business . Small enough to be easily pocketable and hardwearing enough to withstand batterings and spillages , they are the perfect books for those who , Schubert style , often find themselves reaching for the back of an envelope , napkin , tablecloth etc. to record their flashes of genius.Bruce Chatwin is the most famous recent devotee of Moleskine notebooks . His most famous book ` The Songlines ' contains extensive passages taken from accumulated years of his notebook jottings of his travels . The Moleskine intellectual legacy is a rich one , and the short description that accompanies the notebooks shows that this aspect is an important selling point for the makers of the Moleskine . But these books are no gimmicks . They are the best in the business .
 These are my favorite notebooks . I 've tried a lot of journals and notebooks in my time and these are the right size , both in book length and the number of pages in the book . They are big enough to be notebooks but thin enough that you 're not lugging around a heavy book.The biggest drawback is the price . I wish they cost less , but in the end I still buy these over any other journal.Issue
 I can see a student or professional filling one of these notebooks relatively quickly . They 're `` XLarge '' , and I 'd describe them as more of a `` Medium '' . I 've been using for two weeks to just keep general notes , and nothing extensive . I 've used 1/4 of the $ 14 notebook . At this rate I 'll need between 6-8 for a one subject course . It 's quality . It looks nice . Not sure I want to spend between $ 84 to $ 114 per year just to have a nice looking SMALL notebook .
 It 's tiny , will barely fit in your back pocket , if that 's where you want it to be . pages are nice , well built , has a little attached folder in the back inside . I have one other moleskine and it 's on par with that one . I used to be an owner of the Kikkerland Luechtturm and I love those as well , on par with MoleskinesYou 'll love this little moleskine pocket notebook , if you 're looking for a small on-the-go writing pad for jotting anything that comes to mind . The first page does n't exactly turn the way I would want it to , but eh .
 moleskins are , without a doubt , glorious to write in . however they are also crazy expensive . if you 're willing to spend the money , you wo n't regret buying one . if you 're scared by the price and fancy paper is not your guilty pleasure , i would steer clear ... they are still just notebooks .
 What can I say , these journals are great . It 's always a delight to start in on a new one . The quality is always as I expect .
 The notebook is great for writing and the pages do n't bleed when writing with a runny pen . I 'm definitely going to be a repeat customer upon using up all of the pages of my current one .
 Got my Moleskine ruled notebook , pocket size , today . One thing I like about moleskine is that they have ideal size and the cover is nice and sturdy . Page quality itself could use some improvement , but on the whole a decent notebook which serves most purposes .
 I bought this for work . First day using it and I already love it and prefer it to the pad I was previously using .
 Lovely notebook . Stands up to wear . Reasonable priced . I would have thought an item of this high quality would cost much more . Now if only pen-makers would take a clue .
 I have used Moleskine journals for a few years now . It is amazing how much information that you can keep in these conveniently sized journals . I use one for personal use , I use them at work for meeting minutes , product concerns and so forth . I absolutely love them .
 What a classic journal . The Moleskine is perfect for your morning Bible reading and then writing down some thoughts you got from your reading . I use them all the time .
 Small ones for the pocket , big one for your messenger bag . Of course , if you want to look REALLY cool you actually have to fill it with words . Preferably real ones . And the leather cover is much too classy for your unicorn stickers .
 I have the pocket Moleskine journal purchased from Amazon -LRB- verified in my first review of same -RRB- . I just want to try to clear up some misunderstandings among the Moleskine user community . I think it 's very cool and inspirational to be using the same notebook Hemmingway and other writers and artists have relied on for their notes . The company is mostly correct in their claim that it IS the same notebook used by Hemmingway . At the time these notebooks were nameless and handmade in France . One of the users back then coined the name Moleskine -LRB- who knows why -RRB- and it stuck . The French makers stopped production in 1986 and the Italian company currently making them again took up the banner in 1996 . The little French notebooks are known to have been used by Oscar Wilde , Vincent van Gogh , Pablo Picasso , Ernest Hemingway and Henri Matisse among other notables . Who knows , you might be the next -LRB- or me -RRB- to become famous thanks to the inspirational help of Moleskine notebooks.They are also the best notebooks on the market.I gleaned the historical information from Wikipedia . See for yourself if you 're a doubter .
 This is a great journal overall , everything feels of great quality and it has all of the features I need in a nice journal.Pros : - Hardcover - Elastic strap - Rear pocket - BookmarkCons : - Relatively low quality paper , not the best for fountain pensMy only gripe is that the paper is not all that great for fountain pens but if you are just using a pencil or ballpoint pen the paper is more than adequate . It is still a very good notebook for the price . For fountain pens I recommend the Rhodia Webnotebook which is a bit pricey at around $ 23 , or any clothbound or stable bound journals from Clairefontaine which can be cheaper than the moleskine but with absolutely fantastic paper for fountain pens .
 First , this notebook is little larger than a typical paperback . It is smaller than the standard -LRB- 8.5 x11 -RRB- notebook size.The lines are college ruled and the notebook has a tendency to fold onto itself . So you must constantly use one hand to keep the notebook open and other to write on it.The paper quality is quite good and the cover is of high quality `` skin '' . For me , I found writing in small college ruled notebook while trying to hold it open to be an unnecessarily cumbersome task . It affected my already illegible handwriting -LRB- good thing I can type well -RRB- to something even less than legible ... a chicken scratch at its worst.But I doubt others would have the same problem as me since my handwriting is an outlier terrible .
 I received this as a Christmas gift from my wife . I 'd been looking at them for a long time and decided to drop a hint to her that I wanted one . I could n't be happier . It 's great . Very sturdy , very well made . Love the pocket in the back because I can throw a few business cards in there and be ready to meet with clients . They 're worth the money .
 This is a very cute and cost efficient gift for a lover of ` The Little Prince ' . The large size seemed more like a medium . It 's good quality as well !
 I buy these for my husband a few times a year for his journaling and Moleskin just flat out makes a good quality product . I highly recommend them .
 I set out determined to find a journal with several important qualities -- it has to have lined paper , a usable bookmark , a durable cover , and a handy size for journaling . As most of the product reviews indicate , this one has it all and I plan to be a repeat-repeat-repeat buyer .
 I feel like it 's the notebook Little Red Riding Hood would have settled on . The thing has a cover which is durable enough without being too thick , is well bound , compact and outfitted with a discrete pocket and elastic binder . In a word - ` optimal ' .
 This notebook is so cool , I just like carrying it around in case I have something inspiring or important I need to write down . I guess I have a pretty dull life because there is not much written in it yet . Get the book , carry it around , look cool , but go ahead and write in it .
 Makes you look smarter just carrying one around . What could be bad about that !
 Was purchased and at my house in about a bussiness day ! Appreciate the quick service and love moleskins !!
 Well , maybe not . But it 's very , very good and a classic all in the same package .
 I live in Brazil , and the product was delivered within the promised time and in perfect condition . Very good .
 I use large ruled one as notebook for my arab language classes , large ruled one for work , small ruled one as vade mecum -LRB- always have it with me and use it to jot down EVERYTHING that comes to mind , addresses , phone numbers , PINs , moonphases , webpages to check , you name it -RRB- , large blank paged one as BOS . I just LOVE it , its durable , elegant , compact . . and widely available in Croatia , thank God : -RRB-
 If you are an incessant journaller , as I am , then this is the journal for you . I have been using these as my `` walk about '' journal for years and have not yet had one fall apart on me . The attached rubber band is even perfect for storing a pen when on the go.i originally preferred the blank pages but found writing difficult without a guide . The lined pages are a little thinner tho , so take care in the sort of ink you select for writing with .
 I go through three or four of these a year as journals , and I give them as gifts to other people quite regularly . They are the perfect journal -- sturdy covers , archival quality paper , secure binding , a built-in bookmark and a pocket to hold mementos like ticket stubs .
 Do n't know if Hemingway actually used this notebook or not ... do n't really care . It works great for me.Functional - durable - unique . The hard shell and the fact that they open up nice and flat so you can use the front and back of each sheet without awkwardness is very nice . Million times better than a ring binder or those tightly bound journals that do n't give you clean access to the whole sheet . Quality paper too . Like others have said this has replaced my PDA , and I 'm a gadget freak so that is saying something.Over-priced ? Probably ... but what is n't these days ? I have pocket sized and large sized Moleskines and did not have to pay what they sell for here . They are still expensive but for me it has been worth it.They make excellent gifts . Everyone I have given them to really like them and put them to use .
 Paper can withstand even fountain pen ink without bleeding , the binding is excellent , it lies flat , great little wrap-around elastic to keep your place , a hidden pocket inside the back cover to keep miscellaneous ticket stubs , notes , papers . It is like having a mini-brief case all in one and it can slip into your pocket quite easily . You will appreciate it so much you will have a hard time deciding what to dedicate it to and actually begin to write in it .
 These notebooks seem like a pricey investment but they 're well worth it . I use mine for meetings , journaling , and sketching out ideas . Not only is it sturdy enough to take a beating , but it has a touch of class that a legal pad ca n't match .
 This is the classic Moleskine pocket notebook with a flair of fashion . The back pocket is great for keeping notes , business cards , etc. . The notebook is small , easily fitting in a pocket or purse , but is still large enough to write in comfortably .
 I am new to journaling . I was introduced to it at a workshop where I was given a Moleskine and asked to make notes about various things during the workshop . I found a connection to writing . There is something different about pen-to-paper writing than writing on the computer.I have since been keeping a journal and find it very rewarding.As for this product itself . The Moleskine journals are really nice . They are well made , durable and are a joy to write in . The only challenge I have is that the cover is n't really stiff enough to write on without a desk . But , they make hard cover journals for that . Perhaps I 'll try that for my next one.I do like the size of this particular journal , I can fit it in the back pocket of my jeans , through it in my bag , basically it goes everywhere with me.There are three types of pens I 've used with my journal . A gel pen , ball-point and a fountain pen . All work well . I have had others tell me that fountain pens tend to bleed through the paper , but I 've not experienced this.You wo n't go wrong with this notebook .
 Moleskine Ruled NotebookIn the course of my working life I spent several years as a computer tech , and have consequently learned a healthy caution regarding the frailty of electronic devices . The Pocket Moleskine has been the most reliable PDA I 've tried . Compact enough to fit in any pants pocket , the covers are stiff enough to provide a firm , stable writing surface even when standing and yet still pliable enough to be comfortable even in a back pocket . A previous reviewer said he expected a notebook `` the size of a DVD case '' . Two points in response
 I 've been journaling ever since I was a pimply-faced teenager , and now I 'm 31 . In that time , I 've used all varieties of notebooks , and filled them all . I came across the Moleskine brand a few years ago , and now I wo n't use anything else . The large ruled notebook is sturdy , of excellent construction , holds I think 265 pages , and the pages will not fall out . This notebook is best for writers and diarists.I would n't use this book for school because , first of all , it is expensive . Second of all , it 's a bit of overkill . I doubt you 'll take a class in which you 'll have time to fill up this notebook . You 'll be more organized in a class if you buy a simple lab book or composition book to take notes in for each class.I know a lot of people who try to write in jounals . They buy them with the best intentions , write a couple of pages , and then seem to forget about them and eventually buy ANOTHER journal , in which they will write a few pages and forget about . The key is just to keep the SAME journal , to keep in it in the same safe place , and to write in it whenever you feel like it , even if months go by without you touching it . If someone buys you another journal , fill up the first one first , and then move on to the new one . You can learn from my experience and start with the best , which is Moleskine . Otherwise ... do whatever you want . The main thing is just to have something to write in.I 've also used all variety of pens . My choice is the Pilot Precise V5 . Every now and then you 'll get a bum one , that you 've just got to throw away because it 's not writing smoothly or properly . But , for the most part , these are the best choice for journaling and writing . They are fine point . They last longer than gel ink . They require no pressure whatsoever to be placed on the tip , as ball-point pens do , and they do n't smear .
 Are these journals a Five , or a Three?These journals are truly something special . With the nice , firm cover ; lots of pages ; a pocket ; and elastic to keep them shut , they offer a ton of function for compulsive scribblers.But ... they demand a little flexibility from the journalist in return . They do n't handle all inks well , and in particular they handle very few fountain pen inks without significant bleed-through . So if one commits to a Moleskine journal , one commits to a pen/ink combination that wo n't bleed -- opening up both sides of the paper -- or one resigns oneself to wasting the back half of each page.For those willing to do a little research , though , the pen/ink combinations are out there -LRB- fountain pen users should look up Noodler 's Black ; for Gel roller users , Pilot 's G2 refills also work splendidly with Moleskine -RRB- . If you want a solid , utilitarian journal , it 's tough to beat these , especially at a reasonable price -- but the bleeding pages will require adjustments . It 's up to you .
 I 've heard these books are wonderful . I take a lot of notes at my job . Having struggled with wire bound books -LRB- the bindings getting bent or snagging clothing -RRB- and being teased about being too old to use composition books , these notebooks are a joy to use . The attached ribbon bookmark and elastic band close have come in handy to use . The paper is smooth and a heavier weight than other notebooks . The paper is also a cream colored so there is no glare when writing in bright sunlight . The book is tough enough to be out on the job but professional looking enough for meetings . Love this book ! I 'm planning to buy more and have the covers laser-etched to give out as gifts .
 Love Moleskines . I prefer the soft cover for more of a broken-in feel , easier to stick a pen in between the pages and carry it around . The hardcover 's good for adventure-writing durability , but come on - you know you 're just using it in a coffee shop anyway .
 I had been looking for an x-large ruled notebook for my grad school writing seminar for awhile now . This notebook is the luxury model of notebooks . The pages are a satisfying weight , the elastic strap snaps just so , and the rules are the perfect width on every page . The cover is durable , and it has a lay-flat binding . There 's even a heavyweight folder in the back . This is the nicest notebook I have ever had in my life . I have many Moleskines and I will never go back to using anything else .
 Just a heads up for those of you who need a specific number of pages in a notebook
 I first encountered Moleskine notebooks in a bookstore in London this spring , and what lodged in my memory was their marketing claim to be `` the legendary notebook of Hemingway , '' et cetera . I have since learned from various sources that those claims may be a touch exaggerated . But now that I own one myself and am starting to make daily use of it , I 'm beginning to see , at least , why Moleskine notebooks have so many fans.For more than ten years , I 've used a calendar/day planner/all-your-information - in-one-place system that is n't just a notebook but has an entire philosophy about how you 're supposed to live your life tied into it . I never bought into that aspect of the company , but have grown used to having one reference containing all that stuff between two covers , and with a place for a pen besides . Going from that to a Moleskine , with its one small pocket in the back and no place to put a writing instrument , is definitely a switch . It 's the part of the change I 'm least sure about . On the other hand , the Moleskine definitely wins for portability , ease of use , style , and handiness-to-have-around in case of brainstorms.So I 'm still not completely sold that this is the best of all possible notebooks . But it 's definitely a good one , and I do appreciate both the attractiveness of the design and the quality of the construction . Sure , you can get a serviceable notebook for about a tenth of the price , and a whole `` lifestyle system , '' updated annually , for quite a bit more . It 's all a matter of taste , and my taste is starting to run in this direction .
 First , I 'd just like to correct the person who said that moleskines have `` no actual historical legacy '' . The Moleskine company may not have been founded until 1992 , but moleskine notebooks have been around since before that . The company is not saying that Hemingway , Picasso and Chatwin used their brand of notebooks , they are saying that those people used moleskines.But the great thing about these notebooks is not that famous people used them , but that they are of great quality . I highly recommend them .
 This is the larger -LRB- 5 '' X 8.25 '' -RRB- companion to the legendary pocket-size -LRB- 3.5 '' X 5.5 '' -RRB- Moleskine that was a favorite of writers and artists for 200 years . It was the inspiration for the Grail Diary used by Indy 's father -LRB- Sean Connery -RRB- in the movie `` Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade '' -LRB- 1989 -RRB- Production of them had stopped in 1986 , depriving intellectuals of this treasured notebook of choice . In 1997 , a small Milan publisher in Italy -LRB- Modo & Modo -RRB- began producing them again . The notebook has durable thread-bound binding , allowing the notebook to lay flat when you write . The black hard-back oil-cloth cover features a vinyl-treated water-proof fabric , and has rounded corners . There are 2 card stock end-pages and 120 sheets -LRB- 240 pages -RRB- in between with 1/4 '' rule lined pages . The pages are smooth , acid-free paper of pretty much standard weight . There is an adequate grey woven ribbon marker . The entire inside back cover has a large expandable pocket which enables you to securely place items in , as the opening runs along the spine . There is also a heavy-duty elastic enclosure strap that wraps around both covers to keep it tightly shut . This is a durable , well-made notebook which is unique , and represents a piece of history . It 's something that you would carry around with you day-after-day to record thoughts , ideas and musings ; and would also stand the test of time if you were using it as a keepsake journal . There are a couple knock-offs in the market , but they are not as well-made . I 've used the Moleskine for years , you ca n't beat it - I highly recommend it .
 Moleskine products are perfect for individuals who want/like/need to take notes with more class than being a post-it-note junkie . The paper quality is excellent and covers are long wearing .
 Even years and years of schooling did not make me so keen on writing notes . Finally , I am studying for my boards . The least I want to have is yet another stack of papers and big bulky notebook to read for the last days before my 3 big tests . Then , I remembered my then-boyfriend -LRB- now my husband -RRB- giving me a ` chequered ' moleskine some years ago to inspire me to explore my ideas . It was such a beautiful notebook with beautiful associations and history . So I thought I could try the ruled one and see if it helps me for my occasional notes during study . It sure did . I am nearing one of my big days and I need all the memory aids but one that is associated with lightness and is manageable . This is the one to go with , especially if you 're not a fan of writing notes when you study . This is different . It is small . So your organization comes in chunks which is just wonderful for the brain . The hard cover is great for shelving and the paper is beautiful . I have used 3 of these so far . 2 are sitting on my desk . About to open the 4th one now as I go on with my studies .
 I like this product . I use it everyday as a Journal , But I have found that you need to use the right kind of pen , As the pages in the book are thin . There is no bleeding but you can see the writing on the other side of the page.But other than that I love it . I also have the planner , and my boyfriend has many other types of them and he loves them . He uses one at least everyday !
 I always wondered what the draw to moleskine was all about . Now I know . This thing is simple , elegant , handy , understated . Its a waste to use this as you would a $ 1.99 note book from Wal-Mart . There is a ton of information out there about using the moleskine in a GTD -LRB- Getting Things Done , by David Allen -RRB- system . This is an absolute lifesaver.The notebook I ordered was in perfect condition upon arrival . I could n't wait for it to get here after I ordered it , but it took me more than a week to start writing in it because I is just such a wonderful book that I could n't bring myself to `` degrade '' it . :-RRB- Well I did finally.If you are looking for a simple , elegant , `` easy to have at all times '' notebook , this is the one for you !
 Rugged . Simple . A pocket in the back . This notebook is the best one I have ever owned . I keep lists for everything in my notebook - what I need to do , when I need to do it , personally and professionally . It 's the perfect size for me . One thing to be aware of - the unlined notebook pages are really really thick . The lined notebook has thinner pages . They are still thick enough for me , but there is a difference . The lined pages may show really thick ink from the other side , but there is no bleed through , a good thing . I bought half a dozen of these .
 There is not a thing I can add which has n't already been said . My experience is that they hold up better than anything else I 've tried . I left a star off on the rating because as some have mentioned , if you write on both sides of the pages , these is a slight bleed through . Otherwise perfect for on-the-go note recording !
 This pocket-size notebook is a joy . The paper is high quality and pleasant to write on . Because the ink does n't bleed or show through , you can write on both sides -LRB- a big advantage over spiral notebooks -RRB- . There 's a ribbon placeholder which comes in handy , and a little pocket in back for business cards and random pieces of paper . And , to tie it all together , an elastic band that slips on and off with ease . At the current price , the Moleskine is a fantastic bargain , too .
 Great little ruled notebook , not too widely ruled.No 4 stars because I tend to write with slightly `` wet '' writing fountain pens with broad nibs , and there often is a little bleeding through the pages.Not so much though that , when you write on the other side , it becomes hard to read .
 I purchased this notebook to help with my personal and business organization . Now , All my notes go into one notebook ... this one is very well made . I will purchase another Moleskine when I fill this one up !
 I just started my third Moleskine notebook . This is perfect for me because it is pocketsized -LRB- although a bigger version is available -RRB- and it has all the features that set a moleskine apart from other pocket journals . The elastic band that keeps the book closed is perfect for holding onto my passport and the inside pocket is a great place to store notes , receipts and ticket stubs . My only complaint is that there is n't a waterproof case available for this fine product.It goes great with the Fisher Bullet Space Pen .
 I just filled up my Moleskin notebook and am buying another one . Our journey was one of rough terrain - ideas spiraled like blind hummingbirds on the notebook 's modest pages . I stabbed at it with pens , permanent markers , pencils and even a quill - the soldier withstood each attack with enthusiasm.Overall , this thing is just the right size for a journal , for scribbling down notes , and for making lists of things to procrastinate doing.The leather gets beat up , but so does your skin with age. : -RRB-
 I love these notebooks . I have one for work , one for studying , and one for other projects . Usually I prefer google docs , but there is something nice about having a physical book to write notes in , particularly things that I do n't need cluttering up my documents , like a daily to-do list.Anyway , the notebooks themselves are high quality and have a good heft to them .
 These are so handy , and very nice , indispensible , and everything else everyone has said . The paper , which is no longer made in France or Italy , but in China , is not quite as nice as it once was . It 's not perfect for all fountain pens , but I find that dryer fountain pens tolerate it OK . For the absolute best quality paper available , you have to get either Clairfontaine , or its subsidiary label , Rhodia.Still , these are a joy to use even if the quality is n't as high as Clairfontaine or Rhodia .
 a few years back I started carrying around a notebook like this around , and I 've stayed with it ever since . they are tough enough to live in a back pocket , and its always handy to have something around to write on , even if your like me and carry a smart phone .
 Let me start off by saying that this is a fine notebook . Sure , as dozens of reviewers have pointed out , the paper could be better . But the construction is second to none . You really get a great product . The only real qualm I have -LRB- other than less than stellar binding -RRB- is the price . You get a notebook for 10 bucks . Not worth it . Especially when there are companies out there producing almost exactly the same thing -LRB- Piccadilly for instance -RRB- for four dollars less . Seriously , 40 percent discount on the exact same product . To me , that is the definition of marketing hype . Again , I really have no fault with this notebook . The product itself is fine . But the inflated prices have to be taken into account . I admit , I got one to see if the hype was founded . And , having tried both , I can promise you that it is not . Feel free to waste money on a brand , but if you just want the same quality product , you can go elsewhere to find it .
 Really love the quality of Moleskine products . I have an earlier version of the journal and it is still being used after a few trips across the country and in the war zones .
 Love this notebook . Holds all my research and notes . Very hand friendly to use . The paper quality is impressive . I personally carry this with me everyday , even if i dont plan on using it . To me Moleskin really hit the ball out the park w/this one . I will continue to purchase these noteboks instead of my old Composition books . Cant say enough good things about it . Enjoy .
 I bought this notebook to take notes in as I went apartment hunting . It was a great tool that I could easily fit in my purse and was still big enough to have decent writing space . The paper quality is good , although I 'm not sure how much it would bleed if you plan on using something felt-tip like a Sharpie . I also used this notebook to write down transit directions , it 's a good trick to use in big cities if you need to check directions and do n't want to look like an obvious outsider . I also really like the elastic band ; it does the job and keeps the notebook closed . I like to use it more as a place mark so I can easily flip to the current page I 'm writing on . I have another journal size notebook by Moleskine , based on those two products , they seem to uphold their reputation quite well .
 I love this notebook is great for everyday use , is elegant and stylish , the color of the leaves adds a touch of sophistication that others do not have .
 Moleskine is a great product and I will continue to support as long as quality stays the same or gets better
 Excellent size , hand-fill , and line-spacing for me . Allows you to put a lot of words on a page in a thin , portable notebook . I have a bit of a heavy hand when writing , so there are a lot of `` pen lines '' on the back of my pages . -LRB- I can feel what I 've written on the back of the page with a ball-point pen -RRB- , which is a little distracting to me when writing on the back of the page . Overall , nothing that 's a big deal , just wish the pages were a tad thicker . Notebook folds back nicely , and binding seems to be holding up well after several months .
 I love these notebooks , these were the first times I 've tried them and I can see why people like them so much . Very well made , clean design and easy to write in . Ca n't ask any more than what they have here .
 I 'm not a Moleskine fanboy by any means , but after getting my hands on one I can see why people are crazy about them . The material on the outer part of the notebook is very good , not sure if it 's leather or not but it looks similar to it . Very clean design , and nice size notebook . The paper and stitching of them is very good , and you can open up the notebook very easily to allow you to write easier without breaking the spine . I have a few of these , one big one and one pocket sized one I keep in my pocket . Very nice paper too , it 's easy to write on and feels strong . Very professional and well built , I 'd probably stick to using these exclusively from now on .
 I have a number of Moleskines , Calendars & just ruled and Classic and small size . Each are great . They are durable inside and out . Pages do not bleed through . I have seen nothing in stores that compare .
 This is great for everything . I use to to write down great things I want to remember . Like recipes , ideas , work notes , and scriptures . A must have for everyone .
 These are very nice notebooks . They make me WANT to write it them -LRB- but at the same time , they make me nervous to write in because they are so nice ! ha ! -RRB- . Great quality .
 This notebook just oozes quality just by looking at it . The acid free pages are thick and luscious and the binding is extremely strong.It will be your companion for many years to come . It really is worth the extra money you pay for it.The only thing i can complain about is the little flap in the back ... Lets just say that it can definitely use some thicker/better paper material so it wo n't tear so easily.I would definitely recommend and buy again !!
 I bought this to take notes for my job . I 've had a few Moleskine notebooks in the past and I have never been disappointed in them . The paper is nice , does n't bleed , and the cover is high quality . I 'd recommend and use again .
 I love Moleskines . They are so beautiful and slender and the pages are like magic -LRB- their texture is so smooth -RRB- . This particular notebook is great .
 this journal is simply the best . I 've filled 4 of them completely and I am close to finishing my 5th . The look and feel is fantastic . I really like the softcover and how sturdy it is . I take it with me wherever I go now . I did just recently switch to the A4 Daily planner for work related stuff and now only use the large ruled journal for personal stuff . I could n't make a better journal myself.I highly recommend this product !
 moleskin journals are awesome it had plenty of pages to get the job done i love theelastic band that holds the journal closed it has a pocket in the back for papersand a ribbon to mark your place but the best thing about this journal is the pagesthey are acid free and do n't smudge much and it has a yellow tint that just makes mewant to write in it more and more by the way i use a pilot g-2 pen with it and itworks very well with it
 This is a really great little notebook . It fits neatly into both my shirt pockets and my cargo pants ' pockets , which makes it 's versatility factor very nice . I bought this notebook as a way to jot down simple reminders to myself to keep up with tasks that get interrupted and require me to pick up where I `` left off '' . This stores pointers back to those tasks for me . I am finding it a bit difficult to work with due to its small size , but that 's the whole point , so not slamming it for that . I am having a hard time deciding whether or not to keep 2 notebooks -- one larger for drawings / diagramming and note taking and this smaller notebook for quick jots . The quality is real nice , and the paper is superb . I have used a Sharpie pen -LRB- not the perma ink ones , but the real pens from Sharpie -RRB- , and a Pilot Precise V7 in this notebook with much success .
 This is a really nice notebook/notepad and i have no issues with it . Comes with a place keeper , a black strap that holds the pad shut , and has an envelope pocket on the back page . Great for writting things down and appears to be very sturdy . Very pleased with it .
 I purchased two of these books , and I 'm contemplating getting a few more . They are very well made , the pages are quality thickness , and are a lovely cream color that 's easy on the eyes . The elastic strap that holds the book closed when you 're not using it is a great touch , as is the strip bookmark that is sewn into the binding itself . There 's also a pocket in the back of the book which I 've found very useful for keeping track of my scattered little note cards and half-finished ideas until I get them written down properly . I 'm using a Pilot Precise rolling ball pen and I have not had any issues with the ink coming through the pages or smudging . I 'm using front and back of the sheets and I have n't experienced the bleed-through that some people mentioned in their reviews . I use these books primarily for personal journal notes and I 'm very happy with them . I would recommend them to anyone who wants a quality notebook without spending a small fortune for it .
 I am extremely happy with my recent purchase of my Moleskin . After seeing a colleagues at work , he used his for drawing/sketching , he highly suggested purchasing a Moleskin for my writting/drafting of my book . I could n't be more satisfied with the quality , durability , and the convenience of not having ink run through the pages . Whether you would use it for a to-do list , a diary/journal , etc , this moleskin is a perfect choice for writing with any utensil . I will be purchasing another one soon , because my first one is already almost full . Once you start writing , you ca n't stop . Buy this moleskin .
 This notebook looks great and is a nice size because it 's not as small as most of the Moleskine notebooks I 've seen -LRB- seemingly intended to be pocket-sized -RRB- but still small enough that you are not carrying around a full-fledged notepad.The page size is enough to take substantial notes while still being more portable than something that is 8.5 / 11 '' . The only downside I can think of is that the pocket on the back flap does not seem to be large enough to accommodate the pages of the notebook itself without folding them . This does n't seem to be a big enough deal for me to give it four stars instead of five , but could be annoying if you do n't want to fold your pages to have them fit . It could also not be an issue if you solely use the rear pocket for smaller pieces of paper.I gave it to someone who just started a media internship and she really loved it , five stars just for that .
 The fact that they have used the character of the little prince for Moleskine is great to me , because I believe it embraces the dreams and beliefs of those who use Moleskine to materialize their thoughts . I 've been using Moleskine for years now , and this edition was my favorite so far .
 This is a great sturdy notebook that has a very nice clean look . Great closure strap as well . I have a smaller one as well .
 I have been using these notebooks since early 2007 . They are an integral part of my to-do list system , which I describe in more detail here :[ ... -RSB- These are very durable notebooks with many practical features : - Size . It does matter . In this case , these notebooks are the perfect size to carry in my front pocket and yet they have enough writing space for what I use them for . When I 'm not carrying my current moleskine , it lives inside mySaddleback Leather Thin Briefcase Large . - Bookmark . The cord bookmark is very useful , I can take out my notebook and be on today 's page in a couple of seconds . - Hard covers . I do n't have to write while standing up that much , but whenever I need to the covers make a huge difference . - Inner pocket . Receipts , cards , post-it notes . It all goes inside here . - Paper quality . It feels awesome to write on it and the yellowish color looks pretty cool to me . The rule size is not too small , not too big.With all these heatures and my to-do list system , the moleskine pocket notebook has become my everyday memory tool The only thing I need to remember is to write everything down.If the link for the system does n't appear , please contact me and I 'll be glad to share it with you .
 I have been keeping sketchbooks and journals for over 30 years and have never found anything better than Moleskin . Reasonably priced , archival paper and sturdy enough to put up with being stuck in backpacks , overnight bags , sketch kits and dragged all over the planet on my travels . The variety of sizes , papers and shapes suits any need and the watercolor paper is excellent . I make full use of the handy pocket in the back , a great place for train tickets , postcards , all sorts of little travel memorabilia . Over the years I have tried many different types of blank books and Moleskin is simply the best .
 It was just what i expected , the paper is good and the cover is top quality , this notepad will not disapoint you .
 I started using Moleskine about three years ago , and then two years ago , I moved from a pocket sized one to this size . It is perfect . I use it as a journal , to do list , for other types of lists , studying , novel ideas , and just random thoughts . The paper is great , but it does n't work well with fountain pens , which is a bit silly , seeing as it places all this emphasis on it 's class and being so traditional . The paper is an off-white , which I really love . The inside pocket is a really nice addition . It is perfect for photos , cash , and other scraps of paper . The elastic band enclosure is really useful too . It helps the notebook from getting the paper bent in a bag , as well as keeping it closed . The size is really comfortable as well . I do n't enjoy writing on an 8.5 x11 style notebook , but this size is the perfect `` in-between '' size . I would highly recommend this product , as its quality and aesthetics are well above par .
 If you are a user of Moleskine products , there 's nothing left to say . You know of the quality construction , the utility of the elastic cover strap and cloth page marker ... and then there 's the back pocket . Whew . For those not yet converted to the Moleskine - this little leather-covered notebook is the holder of hopes , dreams , scribbles , FOIA requests , doodles and anything else than can be converted from neurons in your brain to paper and pen . The books run around $ 10-12 -LRB- specialty ones are a bit more -RRB- , and also give you choices between grid-paper , musical note paper , lined , or even blank sheets . I prefer the soft covers , but the same utility are in the hard covers.I carried these to Afghanistan . Back pocket securely held my orders , pictures of loved ones , etc. . Pen jammed into the side , held in place by elastic cord . A must for anyone who writes and travels . There was nothing specific to this product -LRB- Ruled soft cover large notebook -RRB- that I would n't say to praise any other Moleskine product . Except one ... buy them before I purchase them all !
 There is still no electronic product that can replace a paper notebook when you need to make quick notes , organize your thoughts or make and update lists.I used some Palm products years ago and they were the closest thing . Maybe in the future we could have a e-ink reader with Graffitti?The stylus for my new PDA is a Moleskine pen , which keeps attached to the notebook , resembling my old Palm Personal .
 Not much I can add to what I have said about moleskine in the past . A fine product.I use them daily . The paper takes to my fountain pen well and does n't require blotting.The notebook holds up well over time to . I have a couple I have carried around for almost 3 years and they survive the abuse well.At work I refer to it as my PDA and while it does n't require batteries it only suffers from memory limitations .
 I do n't know that you could ask for more from a notebook but this has been the ultimate travel tool , body armor , brain dump , artistic escape , GTD list , shopping list , map holder , goal saver , love maker , and Thetan blocker that I could have ever asked for .
 This is a great notebook . I got this for my brother after a suggestion from a gift ideas post on National Review . Great item .
 This notebook is very nice . The binding is strong and the elastic holds everything together .
 I -LRB- and a few people I know -RRB- are suckers for exceptional paper and writing instruments . And this one makes it to amongst the top few must haves.Its small enough to fit in pocket . The paper is a pleasure to write on specially with fountain pen . The cover band is an all time classics which give this notebook a rather signature look . The book cover give a very leather-ish and luxurious feel.I am considering to buy the city versions as well .
 This historic notebook is my writing companion ! It 's both durable and beautifully made . Write on both sides of the paper ! No problem not seeing your script . When I first bought it I was afraid to start writing in it , it 's so nice . After I got over that I just fell in love with its usefulness . Buy one and see for yourself . Write your stories ... record your dreams for posterity !
 I have recently become addicted to this little black book . They have hundreds , no , thousands of uses and I need some more of them . Pocket sized , nice looking and fairly rugged as well . Mine gets some good abuse and is holding together rather nicely . As far as the limitations of use ... the only road bloack is your imagination . There are larger sizes if this one is not big enough to suit your needs . Not to mention several paper styles as well .
 While I do n't use a Moleskine for everyday journaling -LRB- although I probably should -RRB- , it has become an indispensable tool for travel journaling . I became a proponent of journaling on my first trip to Europe over 10 years ago , when I came to realize that not only does it enhance the moment but will enhance your memories for decades to come . It 's also a great way to pass the time while riding on trains and buses.The Moleskine is the perfect vehicle for this - it 's small enough to fit into a pocket or travel purse , lays flat enough to make writing easy , has a small pocket for ticket stubs and other small travel souvenirs , and a wrap-around band to hold it all together for you . And it looks elegant - I still remember trying to hide the cover of my first purple and pink travel journal , which was all I could find at the time . When my daughter gave me my first Moleskine , I realized that I would never again have to initiate the quest for the `` perfect travel journal '' - I had found it .
 I purchased my first Moleskine to use as a journal for my travels to New Zealand . I had always considered purchasing one before , but when I saw that this limited edition came out , my decision was made . However , the video in the description is slightly misleading
 This is a first rate product ; very high quality and a pleasure to pull out and use .
 I bought this as a surprise for my husband to use in his new truck . He is meticulous in keeping a log of everything that concerns his vehicles . After reading the reviews , I thought this would be perfect for his use , and it has proved to be just the right size to go in the glove box as well as being sturdy with strong binding and tough pages .
 Without question the greatest journal I 've held , including those priced much higher . I travel a lot , and find the notebooks hold-up in all conditions . Just owning it makes me want to write .
 This notebook is pretty gentlemanly and , exudes a feeling of permanence . It summons the 19th century ambience of the original Moleskine , and is an item reminiscent of pre-industrial production . It is nice , sturdy and simple looking . There is a back pocket for carrying note cards , scraps of paper , etc. . It is good for taking brief notes and carrying around in a bag of any given size . If you are looking for a notebook to carry in the pockets of your pants , you would be better off with Moleskine cahier notebooks , or if you need something for more long winded note-taking , the larger Moleskines might be the better option . It is , however , a pity that such a simple looking and functional notebook comes at this price.At any rate , it is a very high quality notebook
 I purchased my first Moleskine Journal -LRB- ruled/large -RRB- after getting tired of writing on index cards stuck inside of the book I was reading . The cards would fall out ; I 'd need several , and now I just carry this soft , durable , easy to take along journal.It fits great in my bag , and sometimes , it 's just me , the Moleskine and the book . No more searching for index cards and sticky notes -- my constant companion has not disappointed me yet . RECOMMENDED -LRB- worth the price -RRB-
 I am a huge Moleskine fan and user , but I actually ordered this size of Moleskine by mistake and decided to keep it in my car . What a great idea ! I still use a larger size for my daily journal , but this one is perfect for the between-seat bin in my car . I record lists , reminders , phone numbers , mileage , ideas ... just about anything when I do n't have my regular Moleskin with me . When I want to take a Moleskine that fits in my pocket , this one fits perfectly.There is no other journal or `` diary '' that matches Moleskine in quality , design and value .
 I love these journals . I have two small ones for sketching out creative -LRB- drawing -RRB- ideas and I have the grid ones for fleshing out my writing ideas . I love the little pocket in the back of them and now I am obsessed with finding every kind I can . Apparently you can purchase address books and even a small one to hold photos.I only wish I could find books with more pages . I tend to worry that I will run out of space . In fact , I purchased another -LRB- grid-lined -RRB- journal because it was thicker -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- , and I was disappointed . The pages started falling out and so I went back to purchase more moleskins . I have n't regretted that decision in the least.I do n't care if Hemingway or Picasso did or did n't use this type of journal . It works perfectly for me and I can see that I will likely be buried with one .
 i have been purchasing moleskines for the last decade and loved them all , however these little prince editions touch a special place with me.the same quality craftmanship of the brand is present , but with new delightful , and sometimes subtle , touches . -LRB- if these really are limited edition , i will certainly be stocking up -RRB- some differences from standard moleskines : printed -LRB- and slightly embossed-feeling -RRB- cover with little prince and birds graphicboth inside covers are printed with stars and planet graphicsa lovely three-dimensional pop-out of the fox scenei do wish the pages had had a bit of the star and planet print as well , and if there had been stickers it would have been nice , but otherwise , i am beyond a happy camper.very highly recommended !
 Love love love the moleskin notebooks in every size . So cool looking and just get cooler as they get beat up . My favorite size is the small one because I can carry it around in my bag so that I can scribble down any random thoughts throughout the day . One of my unexpectedly best purchases !!
 It seems everyone still needs the occasional little booklet to scribe notes into , even with all the pdas and cellphones . I ordered this to use in my clinical rotations . Very handy . I 'd recommend the hard bound one , just because I 've read the soft bound one 's pages do n't like to stay in place . I got it in red to stand out from everyone else 's . Pages are nice to write on .
 I have just one thing to say about my Moleskine nootbook that is n't praise . It 's really not as durable as it seems . The spine of the book has a tendency to separate from the pages , right where the cover and the first page are glued together . Do n't carry 'em in your pockets or they will be destroyed .
 My Electric Blue Fisher Bullet and my Moleskine Notebook
 People are n't paying 10 bucks for these tiny journals for nothing and neither am I. I will say that for prose writers or for anyone that is trying to get a better value , go for the bigger-sized versions , though i do n't recommend the cahiers at all . They are not worth the money . I write poetry and have been working on an epic poem that is not all ` short . ' much of it has been jotted down in one of these tiny moleskines . It 's amazing how much they can hold , but there are 192 pages . The main thing about any journal is learning to utilize space . I 've been using journals for creative purposes since I started out in architecture at virginia tech ten years ago and i think i 'm just now getting the hang of it . I really believe it 's about as much of a trick as learning to utilize line breaks in poetry . One more thing
 I 've been using moleskine notebooks for the past few years . Having kept a journal since 7th grade , I 've had my share of good and bad notebooks . Although some may say that moleskines are a bit on the expensive side , I 've found them to be comparable in price to other well-made journals/diaries . I would n't say , as some have said in their reviews , that this is a composition book replacement . For extensive writing , I 'd rather use a full size notebook , not a paperback sized one . This notebook is good for keeping a journal , or even to jot down random creative ideas -LRB- although one of the smaller moleskines may be more handy for the latter -RRB- . Pros ? Durable cover -LRB- I 've been using this one on/off for a couple years , thrown it in backpacks when I went traveling , in cramped laptop bags , purses , etc. and it still looks the same -RRB- , good elastic enclosure , back pocket for any stray notes/mementos , decent page marker -LRB- mine has begun fraying , but I 've put the notebook through a lot -RRB- , and most importantly , really smooth college ruled paper . I hate writing in journals with wide/huge ruled paper , with lines that do n't extend all the way . This notebook is perfect in the sense that you do n't have any wasted writing surface , and the lines are so light that they do n't detract attention away from the writing . The paper is an off-white cream color , super smooth . I always look forward to writing in it because it just / feels / different . Pages are normal thickness , but I have n't found any problems with the pen ink bleeding.My preferred pen of choice , as others have mentioned , is the Pilot Precise V5 . I use the extra fine one . You can easily buy an office pack for $ 15 at Staples , much cheaper than buying the pens singly . I 've also tried out Uniball gels , but I found the V5 to be the smoothest . My creative writing instructor also recommended it for extensive writing.Anyway , you really ca n't go wrong with this one . It 's just a beautifully well constructed notebook , and will make you feel like going back to it again and again to write !
 Moleskine makes great , sturdy , compact notebooks . It has a convenient pocket in the back for sticking scraps of paper , a photo , whatever.I have a small ruled Moleskine I 've used for years as a general purpose notebook . It 's taken quite a beating , but still looks to last until it 's full.Since I purchased that first book at the Smithsonian in 2002 , I 've purchased , used and abused several different styles of Moleskines . Each exhibits the same high level of quality , from the sturdy cover , strong , durable elastic ` clasp ' , and tough , heavy paper .
 In a crowd twittering on Blackberrys and iPhones , you 'll have no problem spotting me . I 'm the guy who reaches into his back pocket , removes a small black slab , produces a pen and starts -- no , it ca n't be -- writing.How unbelievably chic.In that crowd of thumbsters , I may be the only evangelist for Moleskine notebooks , but at some point in 2010 , I predict , everyone who can read without moving his/her lips will be sporting Moleskines . So if you need to be one of the Cool Kids , move fast.There are fads built on nothing . Moleskines are the real thing . The leather-like cover takes more wear than you 'll ever give it . The elastic band is useful both to keep the notebook closed and to mark your place . There 's an inner pocket to hold business cards , receipts and small photographs . The spine is sewn , not glued , so the cover lies flat when it 's opened . The paper is acid-free . What more do you want from a notebook?Oh . A story . Of course . You want to hear that these are the same notebooks favored by van Gogh , Picasso , Hemingway and Bruce Chatwin . There are those who make these claims . Well , here 's Francesco Franceschi , head of marketing department of the company that makes Moleskines
 I love the Moleskine notebooks . Every year I buy a new ruled notebook to journal , tape keepsakes , draw , list up , and record in . This year I 'm going with theMoleskine Classic Red Notebook , Ruled Large , but usually I use the classic black.These are tough notebooks . The cover is particularly nice if you live in a humid place , as it 's a oilskin material that does n't mold . I once had a look-alike notebook from another company and the cover molded in 6 months . Moleskines stay nice for years.I love the back inside pocket for holding onto tickets , coupons , business cards - you name it.My favorite part is the elastic strap that keeps your journal closed . I love taking it off and closing it back up with a `` snap '' . This is another feature that the imitators ca n't get right . Their strap gets stretched and looses elasticity . Moleskine 's stay nice and tight.Go for the best , go Moleskine .
 I love these notebooks , they are perfect for work - small , lightweight and look professional . I always keep one of these on hand for when my current notebook is full .
 I like the feel and look of the book . Very nice . $ 12 bucks is a bit much , but you get what you pay for so ...
 I LOVE the moleskine journals - I have never felt anything better underneath my pen as I write to my heart 's desire . The paper that is used is perfect for ballpoint or even marker pens . The feel of the moleskine is really personal - it really makes it feel as if it were a diary , but without those ridiculous locks and keys that I had once used . I 'm always finding a reason to write in my new moleskine - I ca n't seem to put it down !
 Bought this notebook to take notes in during my residency training . It is compact enough to carry around but big enough to write in without a struggle . Would buy again !
 I rarely post reviews , this time I feel compelled to . The quality is outstanding ! I take good care of mine because it almost feels like it demands respect .
 ... as a rule , I prefer to do my note notekeeping on 5 '' x 8 '' cards . Unfortunately , even after many years of trying , I have n't really mastered the art of consolidating and organizing them afterwards , so when my notes really count , I turn to a bound notebook.Sometimes -LRB- like now , as I 'm learning the details of a new position at work -RRB- you want to make sure the notes you keep for professional or personal enrichment will stay organized and in one place.The paper in this notebook accepts ink easily from both gel pens -LRB- my first choice -RRB- and pall point pens . While this wo n't fit in a pocket , neither will it crowd out your neighbors at a crowded conference table . I keep one at my desk at work for the notes on the things I ca n't trust to memory , and one stashed with my camera bag to capture information on the locations where I 've taken pictures .
 This product is truly deserving of the title `` classic . '' It 's eminently useful and carries well in a shirt or pant pocket . I do n't intend to use it for a grocery list -- 3 x5 note-card works well enough for that . This is for more substantial items
 I absolutely love these products ! This extra large notebook is wonderful for writing , even on the go . Great for taking notes in class as well . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 It 's a Moleskine and everyone wants one right now including me . It 's worth the price and I carry one around to take notes . The paper is a little thin so I would recommend using a ball point pin so the ink does not show through . It does n't bleed unless you hold you pen position while your thinking.Overall good and worth the price .
 I bought this thinking it was the standard paper size which is the X-Large . Still , the leather is so supple and everything moleskin is known for . I 've since found a use for it anyway and am happy with my purchase .
 Great and versatile notebook . I use it to keep track of things on rounds in the hospital . Be careful when you recommend it to friends because they all look very similar .
 Great and versatile notebook . I use it to keep track of things on rounds in the hospital . Be careful when you recommend it to friends because they all look very similar .
 Moleskine make terrific products . They have a high grade of paper and are built to last . The only downside is price as far as I am concerned . I think that the size lends itself well to any number of applications and is made for taking with you in an instant . The notebooks are big enough to be used for some meaningful writing but small enough to feel as if you can actually take it with you wherever you end up.There are also a number of options for different purposes if you are not planning to use this strictly for standard writing . Moleskine also seems to have a terrific policy backing up the quality of their products . I have not had to test this however as they have always lasted very well .
 As a chef I am always needing to take notes on recipes or conversions . This notebook fits in my knife kit or my pocket perfectly . It is sturdy and very well made . It has a lot of room for writing and it 's also good for jotting down my brainstorming ideas . I buy 2 or 3 every year . They are perfect for the kitchen environment and I highly recommend them to all of my fellow cooks and chefs out there . Give it a try and see what you think ... but this item definitely gets my vote !! Bon appetit !
 I love moleskines , but I think I prefer the soft-cover . I usually write at a table , or if I write on my lap , I have a sturdy enough sitting position that I do n't need the hard-cover backing . It has n't been bad having the hard-cover , but I do miss the flexibility of the soft ones . Works great , excellent paper .
 Perfect journal for my needs . Write a few pages every day or two and paper has held up . Love the leather cover as well as the silky bookmark and elastic closure . Will buy again when I fill this one .
 im using it to take notes while im doing my job , it fits perfectly on my suit or my dress shirt , very good quality and I must , im gon na buy more as soon as i need them ... and I bought 2 of them !!!
 These are my personal favorite notebooks for personal writing . I 've gone through several and will continue to buy.I just think it 's funny that on Amazon you can request that the publisher provide a Kindle edition of notebooks . You think ? :--RRB- I 'd buy that .
 I purchased this purely based on the reviews and recommendations from friends . Overall I am completely satisfied.I wanted a notebook that would be good withPentel R.S.V.P. Ballpoint Pens -LRB- BK90BP5M -RRB- . And this notebook works great . There is no bleeding between pages . * Some people have mentioned the line ruling is narrow , but I prefer that * The bookmark is a little flimsy , but does its job . * Back pocket is a little hard to get to , but I did n't buy it for that , so I do n't mind * The quality is great and feels really sturdyI highly recommend this , I wish I had purchased something similar years ago .
 This seller was everything you could want in a seller . The package was done nicely , and the object arrived nicely and on time . I couldn ` be be any happier . I would definitely recommended using them .
 I have been journaling well over 10 years and have tried many different types of journals . The Moleskine tops them all.The features are nice in that the bookmark can help you keep your place easily , the elastic band keeps it closed , and the pouch in back is great for storing pictures and what have you.One really annoying thing I have found with most journals is how the pages wo n't stay open when you write . The spine takes forever to break in , but I have never had that issue with a Moleskine . In fact , I think I may go journal right now ...
 I love this moleskine ! I really enjoy writing in it with the Pilot Precise V5 pen . They are great together . The bookmark , back folder , and elastic closure band are a nice touch .
 Review of Moleskine 's Ruled Large Notebook.I have been using Moleskine 's products exclusively since 2004 . In my demanding profession I use quite a few notebooks per year and I prefer the Large Ruled Notebook . The pages absorb ink without the need for blotting . In addition the pages seem to be low in acids -LRB- I wo n't say they are acid free -RRB- meaning they will not deteriorate quickly and are close to archival quality . The page weight is consistent with high quality stationary . Some used notebooks I have stored are over > six years in age and the paper is still colored and conditioned just like a new one . My notebooks have been bent , twisted and subjected to the elements . None has ever failed . I have seen many similar notebooks on the market but I have found that Moleskine prices their products to be fair and competitive for personal and business purposes . No one has to settle for less . Five stars without hesitation .
 This little notebook is large enough to record quite a bit of information , yet small enough to fit in a jacket pocket , or even some shirt pockets . I have used the notebook for a month and am very happy with it .
 I agree with a previous poster . These are by far the best notebooks I have ever used . I love the paper , the covers , the expandable pockets.I use all 3 sizes . The pocket I carry all the time to record all kinds of personal info , the new A3 I use at work as my primary notebook for meetings.I use the large for Scouting notes and activities where the Pocket is just not quite big enough . They are worth the $ $ !
 The front cover gets a little less sturdy after the first few weeks , but overall , I really enjoy the notebook , and I would purchase it again .
 I 've been using Moleskine notebooks and calendars for about 4 years now and they are by far my notebook of choice . The quality can not be appreciated until you 've tried one for yourself . Extremely well constructed and made to last forever . I 've been recommending them to everyone I know ever since and recently got the feedback , `` They 're addictive ! Once you start writing in one you ca n't stop ! '' I love these notebooks and highly recommend them .
 I really like the idea of the Moleskine , especially the elastic band closure and pocket , but while this is indeed a pocket sized notebook , it 's impractical to keep in your pocket because if the hard cover.As the real estate in my front pockets is taken up by keychain , cellphone , and sometimes change and pens , and my right back pocket holds my wallet , I would need the Moleskine to go in the back left pocket , but if I were to sit on anything harder than a couch , the cardboard would bend and warp . I have n't tried the soft-cover moleskine , as the reviews seem to indicate the glue comes undone quite easily . I 've been buying the pocket sized MEMO pads -LRB- around 99 cents a pop -RRB- and they serve the exact same function I desired , and are less intrusive in my back pocket than a wallet , and they 're not ruined by being sat on . It 's not as classy looking , but it gets the job done.All that aside , if you live in an area where you wear a coat with an interior breast pocket , or can keep it in your purse , it 's nice and sturdy and should last you a long time . My caveat is that it looks so nice I 'm loathe to write down more disposable `` notes to self '' , grocery lists , etc , whereas I have no problems writing that sort of thing in a MEMO pad and ripping the page out when I 'm done with it .
 I have quite a few Moleskine products in my home , I love the quality and the overall feel and look of their products . This is one of my favorites of theirs , perfect size , perfect pages , perfect everything ! These are a delight to write in and keep with me . I use one for a journal and one to write my thoughts and inspirations .
 Beautiful paper , perfect size -LRB- both dimensions and ruling -RRB- , very high quality product that makes writing a luxury ! Buying these notebooks for my journals has added a little beauty to my life for years !
 I like this product a lot , but it does have one drawback . The paper does n't hold gel inks well and tends to smudge . Other than that , it 's perfect for my usage .
 I love these Moleskine notebooks and have been using them as reading journals for several years . It 's soft , easy to carry , has ribbon page marker ans elastic to keep notebook closed when not in us . The best part is that the covers will lie flat when you press down on the spine , and then close perfectly when you are through writing.One thing I have noticed is that the last few I 've purchased were Made in China , which was not the case when I first started buying them . The covers do seem a bit flimsier , but it is still a good product . RECOMMENDED
 For my birthday I bought an Oberon leather journal and needed a ruled notebook filler . I ordered the Moleskine ruled notebook . The notebook is very well made !
 I have used a fountain pen exclusively when writing in my Moleskine since 2006 . I have read reviews over the years saying Moleskine is not fountain pen friendly and if this is the route you want to go then you have to resign yourself to writing on just one side . Rubbish . I have used a Pelikan , Waterman , Shaeffer and Sailor fountain pen . I have used a wide variety of ink 's from Waterman to Noodlers and on . I will admit here to being a bit obsessed with ink as I currently have 18 bottles of black ink on my shelf . All of them have been tested in my Moleskine . All of the fountain pens I use have a fine point nib . The pen I am currently using , a Sailor Realo has an EF nib.I have had no issues with bleed thru making the page unusable on the opposite side . Can I see there has been writing on the other side ? Sometimes , yes . Does this make writing on that back page undoable ? Not in the least . If I wanted to write on a back page and have the pristine white page the only thing I see I would perhaps look at something with Clairfontaine paper , which is excellent . For me though , that is overkill . Now perhaps it is the F or EF nib that I prefer to write with . Perhaps I am more tolerant of this sort of thing than those who have posted negative reviews . The book makes an excellent journal that can easily travel with you throughout your day . Do yourself a favor and get one , and get a nice fountain pen to write in it with .
 I bought this notebook to keep a log of my workouts . I 've been using it for a few months and it has held up really well . Very durable .
 I have come to appreciate the quality of these notebooks , as they hold up well and do not end up looking tattered by the time you reach the last page . Highly recommend these notebooks !
 This review is for the Moleskine Ruled `` Large '' notebook . I bought one a few months ago to use for journaling , and put it in an Oberon Moleskine Cover ... . I am in love . The paper is beautiful to write on with most pens . My current pen is a Papermate Profile Elite and it writes so smoothly on the paper . I promptly went out and bought a few more of the pens to have around.I bought this journal over others because the pages lay flat when opened . So many notebooks and journals with a binding do not open flat until well-used , and nothing is more annoying than trying to write down into the wells of the spine so as not to waste half the page.The notebook is a great size ; perfect as a journal and big enough to give a good size writing surface but small enough to be easily tucked into a bag or backpack . The binding is tight , and the bookmark a nice touch . I do n't use the pocket in the back , but I like that it 's there if I would . The bookmark is a nice touch and well-used . Page lines are just the right size -- not too far apart , and not too close . I adore that the pages are cream and not white ; no glare when writing out in the sun and just gives a richer look.I give four stars out of five for two reasons -- one , I do n't like that the paper is made in China . To me , anything made in China is a drawback . Die-hard Moleskine owners say the paper used to be nicer before ; not sure if that 's true , but it may be . The materials also have a plastic-y smell when new . This fades , but may bother some . The other reason is that fountain pen ink bleeds through . If you want to use fountain pens or wet inks , buy the SKETCH BOOK Moleskin . Paper is thicker on that , and works better for artists.Amazon 's price for the Moleskine notebooks is much better than other stores .
 All of us seem to need some type of little notebook at one time or another . There are many , many brands out there for us to choose from so it can be challenging to find the one that is right for you . However , if you ever try one of the Moleskin books , you 're likely to stop looking at other brands . Depending on what you are using it for , you probably want one that will hold up to wear and tear and have good paper to write on . That is what you get with this product and the acid free paper is super nice.You will find some notebooks that are less expensive but not likely to find one with the same quality as Moleskin . I highly recommend all the different sizes and can assure you that they last for years to come . All diaries , journals and lists are safe in these books for years to come .
 I found this to be a good notebook , but the pages are a little thin . They bleed through with the pens I really like to use , The Uniball Vision Elite -LRB- Bold and Micro -RRB- . Have n't found a better notebook , so I have a hard time giving this one a bad review .
 I keep this in my back pocket throughout the day to jot down reminders , grocery lists , appointments , and keeping track of things for my kids . I 'm a big guy and the kids are always commandeering my notebook and generally mistreat it far beyond anything any adult would and it has held up well . I have bought a couple of these and no problems . Just my experience .
 It 's a nice pocket sized notebook but it 's not like it 's more special than others available at book stores or office supply stores . Nice classic look . Very nice quality paper . The pocket seems a little useless but I 've already started putting stuff in it anyway . If I had it to do over again , I probably would have gone with the softer covered version . A little more flexibility when it 's actually in the pocket would have been nice -LRB- but that 's my fault -RRB- but if you do n't plan to have it in your pants pockets then the hard cover is probably fine .
 I keep buying these Moleskin notebooks and I 'm never disappointed . This is the first time I 've tried the soft cover , and I love the feel . The soft cover fits nicely in the hand and is less bulky in my handbag than the hard cover version .
 I turn to this notebook again and again for journal writing , and this year , I selected Moleskine 's ruled notebook -LRB- size large -RRB- for writing my November Novel for NaNoWriMo . -LRB- Because all of my journal notebooks are typically black , I chose red for my novel . -RRB- Tomorrow is the final day of November and I have several hundred words left to complete my novel and several pages left in the notebook . I 'm remaining confident that I 'll not only finish the novel , but that I 'll finish it within the confines of this notebook . I love the feel of the notebook , that it will allow me to write from edge to edge , I love the depth of the lines , and I appreciate that it is small enough for me to carry in my shoulder bag so I have it with me at all times . Plus there is a hard cover , a bookmark for saving your place , and a rubberized strap to hold it closed which remains tight throughout the life of the notebook , unlike some of the cheaper competitors.I 'm never disappointed in Moleskine .
 I am an obsessive journaler . I write nearly every day . And this journal is beautiful to write in . I can find anything wrong except a lack of colors for the front , which really is n't a big deal . I would probably order black anyways . The pages are beautiful to write on . And the large size is perfect . It is n't overly large and will fit right into my purse . Great product !
 I am a pretty big fan of all of Moleskine 's products . This is a great notebook to keep handy in a pocket or purse for jotting ideas , capturing thoughts , or managing todo lists . Paper quality is excellent , and the cover is very durable . The elastic band , ribbon marker , and back pocket are all very useful . It is hands-down my favorite all-around notebook.The only downside is that it might be a bit bulky for some front pants pockets . I use a front pocket wallet , and it 's tough to fit both the notebook and my wallet in one pocket . That being said , I do think they hit a sweet spot here in terms of size . It is small enough to fit in almost any jeans , trouser , or jacket pocket -LRB- in even fits in my shirt pocket -RRB- , but it 's still large enough to do some serious writing/brainstorming , or even sketching . Consider using a full two page spread as one `` page '' if you need more room.It 's true that there 's a lot of unneeded hype -LRB- encouraged by parent company Modo e Modo -RRB- surrounding the history of the notebook , but in my opinion the quality of paper and construction is unsurpassed , and definitely makes this product worth the price.Overall , I love this notebook ... I 've bought many over the years , and I will probably continue to buy them for a long time to come .
 Great for haiku . I would love if it could hold a pen or pencil on it .
 I 've been keeping some form of a journal since I was in the first grade . I have always loved to write . But my problem was sticking with the journal I was on . It was always to big or two small or the lines were to far apart or I had to use a specific pen etc. . I 've always been very particular about the little things.But that 's why the Moleskine is the perfect notebook , it satisfies the little things . It is small so I can take it everywhere . The smaller lines allow me to fit more on a page and they allow my small handwriting to fill up the page as well . I use Zebra F-301 Ball Point pen for the Moleskine , and they flow so well on the acid free paper.I love how compact and sleek it is . I love how the pages are thin but sturdy . I love how it looks when I flip though the used pages . I love how it has an elastic enclosure and a bookmark to mark my pages . I love the back pocket which is roomier then you would imagine . I keep a picture of my mother when she was close to my age in there . It serves as a reminder how I am to today , and where I could be in twenty years . The notebook is something that I can look back on and remember my time and my life as it once was.Again , it 's the little things that get me excited . And this little black notebook has won my heart and my pen . I love it . It 's something you have to try for yourself . There are three difficulties when it comes to Moleskine . The first is actually purchasing the notebook . I 'm eighteen years old , I use three at a time . They are n't cheap , but they are well worth it . The second is breaking it in . The first word is always very daunting because it looks to perfect to taint . But once you have passed the second hurdle , the hardest one comes , putting it down . I carry mine everywhere . It very bittersweet when you finish one.When you write in a Moleskine , you feel like a writer . Buy one and try it out , you know you want to .
 Summary of my Moleskine experience : I carry my Moleskine with me absolutely everywhere , and it 's taken some abuse
 I have the soft cover version and loved it . I bought this for more protection on the pages and it has done its job . The price is great and the size is great for note taking to convention note taking .
 I love Moleskine notebooks . This one is the perfect size -LRB- composition book sized -RRB- . College ruled , which I love . Paper is n't too thin so does n't tear all the time . Very nice notebook .
 This is the best notebook for people who enjoy putting pen on paper and writing down notes , thoughts , ideas , diagrams , flowcharts and whatnot . Sturdy , convenient , what can I say ? A timeless classic .
 I have them in all flavors . I love Moleskines . They have expanded their brand into gadgety things , but their expansion of the notebook range is the most interesting .
 This product came exactly as shown . It was sent swiftly . It 's wonderfully made and I plan on using this regularly !
 I have never really known about Moleskine notebooks until just recently . I now understand all the hype about them . They are awesome and now my favorite notebook . They look professional and genuinely original at the same time.The pages : If the light is shining directly onto the paper , you can see through it , but it is not bad . I noticed bleeding is only an issue depending on the pen I am using . I have found that Pigma Microns work best with this book compared to Pilot G2 and Pilot Precise pens.To sum it up , Moleskine has a new lifelong customer .
 Great product to use at office ! Looks professional , but not snooty . It has a great quality paper and material throughout
 This is great notebook created with the best quality elements . The cover is crafted well and the pages are of a unique quality as well .
 Moleskine has been my favorite notebook for some time now . This little pocket journal is no different . Always in my bag , it 's my catch-all for random thoughts , to-do lists , etc. . Very durable hard-cover , book bound notebook , convenient pocket , and plenty of pages given the size . All familiar features to anyone that 's used a Moleskine before . However , the paper quality , also like all other Moleskines , is not the greatest , and can be plagued by inconsistency and bleed through with certain inks -LRB- fountain pen writers , beware -RRB- . Luckily , Moleskine paper does seem get along well with select pens like the Pilot G2 -LRB- and the Pilot V5 , to a lesser degree -RRB- , which are my disposable pens of choice .
 I got two of these notebooks to keep a journal for my young children - how they 're developing , cute things they say , etc. . I thought the notebook would be bigger , but the size has ended up being perfect . I can jot down a few notes and there 's usually just enough room to fit one day on a single page . I love that there 's both an attached ribbon to keep your place and an elastic band to keep the book shut . The pages are a nice thickness and work well with my gel-ink pens . You can see the ink through just slightly , but it 's not enough to deter me from writing front-to-back . I have n't used the pocket yet in the back - not sure what I 'd put in it since it 's pretty small . Maybe a lock of hair or a couple small pictures . Nice to have the option to put a couple small momentos in ! Definitely recommend as a journal , especially if you 're looking for something to write a few thoughts down on a daily basis . If you like to write a lot , you might prefer a bigger size .
 Use this for school.Will be buying many more of these.Very sturdy . A quality product.Will be looking to see if they make a larger one also . This one is the size of a DVD box .
 This one lives up to its advertising . I did n't think I would use it much , but the size is right and the handy elastic is such a good idea to keep the book closed and to keep items in the pockets .
 The best part of these notebooks is the paper quality . I 'm not sure how long the binding is going to last . There was a slight imperfection causing a wrinkle in the spine of mine , but the paper is really great to write on . I use mine for a daily journal and it works well for me , hopefully it will hold up for years so my kids can find it and read it when I 'm dead and gone .
 This is exactly what i would 've expected and hoped being a frequent moleskine product user . The cover is amazingly soft . The pages are numerous , xl , and lined as per the description . This is a great notebook for everything and stands up beautifully to long-term abuse .
 I love Moleskine Ruled Notebooks . They are perfect for journaling . I 've started my new year with a new Moleskine . Could n't be happier .
 Moleskin ; I 'll never use anything else for notes I want to keep preserved forever . There 's a pocket in the back to hold loose notes/papers too .
 I was using the plain version of the large hardcover notebook for my journal . However , it was not so comfortable for me to write on blank pages . This is why I 've chosen the RULED version . Besides the 240 pages , it has more lines than the other brands so that I can put more text per page , which is also a good thing , like a higher capacity memory . The &#34; large &#34; size format is good for me because it fits like a book in my bookshelf . The &#34; hardcover &#34; gives it the protection I need for my memories . At last , I like the paper smoothness and quality for fountain pen writing .
 Great quality item , my only complaint is I wish it was slightly larger . However , there are pictures posted to give the buyer and idea of size . Otherwise excellent product .
 I love the moleskine line of notebooks . Small enough to take anywhere , the pocket helps me keep track of receipts . It is sturdy , takes a lot of abuse . Never lose a thought as long as you have this little book with you .
 The notebook is very useful and can fit into my white coat pocket . it 's great for jotting down notes
 I became obsessed with good notebooks when I started working in a lab . When I decided to hike a sizable portion of the Appalachian Trail , I wanted a small journal/notebook that would last . Regular office notebooks wo n't put up with extended use outdoors , so I forked over the money for this small notebook , and it was completely worth it . Even after a month on the trail , it still looks good ! -LRB- The last notebook I kept for a month of backpacking was a wreck . -RRB- At the same time , I am amazed that something this durable still -LRB- even after the backpacking and the rain -RRB- looks so sleek - very nice ! Combined with a good pen , I would n't be surprised if these notebooks would last decades -LRB- if not longer -RRB- . The only thing I would change about this notebook is to make the pages thicker - writing shows through if you use a heavy pen .
 I love my Moleskine - it 's the perfect size to carry in my bag , and I use it every day , whether it 's to jot down a quick note , or to express a thought I am having at the moment . I never leave home without it !
 Just what I was looking for . It is the right size and well made . I want to write in my journal .
 Great quality , certainly tough , but since I do n't need a notebook that 's portable , I wish they made one that was bigger -LRB- not the Cahier , which is much too thin . -RRB- Still , there 's nothing like Moleskine , and once you 've tried it , you wo n't go back ...
 Moleskine Ruled Notebook LargeI have purchased other journals before and found them lacking in the paper quality or the overall size of the journals themselves . The Moleskine Journal by far has lived up to its heralded reputation and up to my abuse of the notebook itself . I have written in them for a number of years and will continue to purchase them . They make great daily journals or just writing down whims of fancy and prose .
 I almost do n't see the point of reviewing Moleskine notebooks . They 're a ubiquitous part of my life . I use them for everything
 I love these notebooks ! I have them in all sizes , and I also use the Moleskine datebook . I really like the quality of the notebooks . The small ones fit anywhere , even into a pocket , and if you take a lot of notes , you can always keep one on you . I like the elastic band that goes around the notebook ; it helps to keep loose papers secure . Great product .
 I use my notebook as a travel journal and sometimes I just write in what I 'm feeling on random days . My journal has been all over the place , it goes on every trip I take . It is durable and a joy to write in . It travels well because of the slim design and use the back pocket to keep important mementos .
 Love these Moleskines ... I have been buying these for the last 4 years and love them . They are very clean and sexy looking , but also really practical . I am yet to have the spine break or rip on me . Especially like the hardcovers .
 I 'm an intern -LRB- first year resident -RRB- and love these books because they fit easily in my pocket and help me keep information/notes organized . Plus , they look professional and hold up well to wear and tear .
 These are great - I have brought a few of these over the years . I prefer to use this size more for personal notes and I go for the A4 size for work .
 A Full-Grain Leather Moleskine Cover Sleeve Case -LRB- Small -RRB- Hello Moleskine Writers/Artists , I purchased this notebook for my Saddleback Leather Moleskine cover and boy does it fit nice . The quality of this notebook is a perfect companion to the excellent Saddleback Leather small Moleskine cover . The cover is designed to allow the use of the elastic band attached to the book and provide space for a pen . If you are a passionate about your Moleskine notebooks , you 'll love the covers made by Saddleback Leather . This book is perfect for their small cover and it provides additional protection and character to your Moleskine notebook . I am completely satisfied with this Moleskine notebook , a very nice product .
 I have been using these to take notes for work for about 3 years . I have been hard pressed to find another hard cover notebook -LRB- hardcover because I label the outside and store them for future reference -RRB- that stays together as well .
 Having never really know the history of Moleskin notebooks , I thought they self-proclaimed themselves to manufacture world famous notebooks . The high quality of the cover and paper and additional features like the pocket at the back really make these notebooks stand out . This one in particular is large enough to hold a decent amount of information and there are so many uses to it ! Go Moleskin !
 Love this moleskin ; great size in either soft cover or hard cover . The cream colored , sewn pages with their narrow rule make it a pleasure to write in . Convenient little pocket in the back
 High-quality product that we use over and over again for our students on their travels to Europe . Compact , convenient , durable , and beautiful .
 We took a trip to Ireland in September . It was the trip of a lifetime and a dream come true . I purchased several Journals to write my thoughts while I was traveling the countryside . Great idea but hard to do while driving and I was so tired at night . That aside , there is no comparison to the Moleskine and others sold by Mead paper etc. . This is a quality journal .
 The notebook is fine , I just did n't have it in the time frame I needed . Not their fault . I use it almost everyday in class . And I am saving my other notebook to give as a gift to my best friend leaving to join the Navy .
 ok , i 'm not sure what is going on , but this is the second order -LRB- first send back -RRB- for the molekine soft cover LARGE book and BOTH TIMES amazon has sent me the pocket sized version . help amazon !
 Is n't it something how Amazon will charge $ 17.95 for the item stocked by Amazon shipping free 2-day with your $ 75/year subscription , but it is only $ 13.50 Moleskine Large Notebook Ruledif you buy through Amazon from another retailer ? Does n't seem right , really .
 I love my Moleskine notebook not only because of it 's size , style , and quality , but because of its rich historical tradition . People are impressed when I tell them about my notebook .
 I am 32 years old at the time of this review , and I have been keeping a journal almost literally since I knew how to write . I have vivid memories of myself sprawled at the top of the stairs in my mom 's old house , a little girl of no more than 6 or 7 , scribbling away in my journal . I 'm sure whatever I was scribbling at the time was half illegible and made no sense , but who cares.Over the past 25 + years as a diarist , I 've tried just about every type of diary and journal there is , from kitschy one-year diaries with locks to plain old spiral or composition notebooks to elegant , beautiful blank hardbound books with fancy designs on them . After all these years , I have definitely concluded that a Moleskine-type notebook is best for journaling.What do I mean by `` Moleskine-type '' notebook ? Simple . I mean a hardbound notebook of a convenient size -LRB- the Moleskine `` large '' is perfect in my opinion at about 5x8 -- it 's small enough to throw in my purse , yet not annoyingly tiny . -RRB- I mean a notebook with an inner pocket so I can store odds and ends . I mean it has a ribbon marker so I can find my place easily , and an elastic band closure so the pages do n't get messed up when I 'm traveling around . I mean it lies flat when it 's open so I can write easily . I mean it 's durable as hell no matter how much I throw it around , and has acid-free , archival quality paper.This type of notebook is incredibly functional for journaling . It 's not overly fussy , and it actually lasts a lot better over the years than some of those `` fancy '' ones I 've used in the past . I have leather-bound journals I used in college 10 years ago that I thought were a quality investment . Guess what ? They 're falling apart now , while my Moleskines of a similar age still look practically new.Now . I should mention that , contrary to popular belief , Moleskine is certainly not the only company to make this type of notebook . Rhodia , Leuchtturm , Quo Vadis , and other companies all have similar offerings , with the hard cover , ribbon marker , inner pocket , etc. . A while back , I went on a little tour of all these competitors ' notebooks , for comparison . The upshot
 Length :
 The paper in this book is first class and it has a feel of luxury . The smell of the cover gives you a sense of inspiration . This book is a `` classic '' and I always wrote my notes but now they are in one place . This is a book that will stay with me now forever .
 I like the SC better than the HC because it is not as heavy , still has a supportive surface to write on the go , can be folded under for writing without the other side of the book getting in the way , and has a nice broken-in feeling . I go through about two per year , taking them with me everywhere . It still has the elastic strap to hold it shut , still has the bookmark and pocket , but far better for the on-the-go person who does n't want to feel like they are lugging around a book .
 I 'm an Active Duty Soldier in today 's Army and having a pocket notebook is something that is expected from all its leaders . I 've used many types of notebooks that were supplied to me free by the military , and I could never find one that really impressed me . Most would either fall apart after a few weeks of use , or the pages would become hard to write on due to weathering . Then my sister gave me one of these as a stocking gift over Christmas and I started using it when I went back to work . I instantly fell in love with the Moleskin and vowed to never use another notepad again . The thing that seperates this one from the rest is the hard covers and the elastic band that keeps it together . These simple features alone keeps most of the dampness off your pages , and helps the notepad maintain its shape . If you 're looking for a solid pocket notebook at a reasonable price , look no further .
 Moleskine makes really nice notebooks . This is my second one , I also have the Cahier Model which is about the size of a passport and it is great because I can have it in a pocket for quick notetaking.This large model comes with ruled paper , and the lines are about the size I really like . The paper is also good , but be careful when choosing a pen since the paper is not as weight -LRB- is kinda thin -RRB- as you might expect so the ink might show on the back side of the sheet . I recommend you to try your ink on one sheet and see it for yourself . If you 're fine using one side of the paper you wo n't have any trouble on that matter.And regarding the size , it 's about the first Harry Potter book from Scholastic , so you get the idea , it is really portable but gives you enough room to take notes , make daily plans or taking notes in classes -LRB- that is what i use it for -RRB- . I recommend it , it has an inside pocket for storing stuff like stickers , store bills or presentation cards , and the elasic band attached to the back of the notebook makes it stay all compact and tidy .5 / 5
 At first I thought it difficult to justify the added expense for paper , but you do get good quality . One reviewer comments on stains ; but after buying and using 5 or 6 different moleskines , I have to believe that was an exception that would have been replaced.I like the Reporter Style for writing quickly or with limited space , but I like the bookmark that is on the standard notebooks .
 I did n't buy this notebook because Hemmingway or Chatwin had one . In fact , I doubt that they did . However , I got this little book because it is just perfect for the serious writer . It has nice fake leather cover , acid-free lined pages that are thick enough to write on but thin enough for maximum quantity , an elastic bank to keep the notebook closed and protect your writing , and a little paper pocket inside to store scraps of paper and business cards . It looks elegant and fits write into your pocket . Hemmingway and Chatwin may have never had this book , but if they were living today , I 'm sure they 'd kill to get one.Ignore all the reviewers who bash this notebook and then follow-up with a recommendation for a different product . They probably have an embedded financial interest in doing so . Ignore all the hyped reviewers who pitch this notebook . They probably have an interest as well . Just spend the ten bucks to get one , try it , and I swear that you 'll never go back to those cheapo 99 cent ones you get at the office supply store.One again , this notebook was made with the serious writer in mind . It 's not too cheap , but you do get a lot of value for what you pay for . I still have the first one that I bought . I does n't look exactly like the original , but it still looks pretty decent . I think that it 'll last me for years to come .
 I 've been carrying it with me in addition to a nice pen , and have been writing down a lot of my thoughts , ideas , and reminders as I go about my day.I 've noticed two huge benefits to this :1 -RRB- I do n't have to worry about forgetting things . For many years now I 've been way too trusting of my faulty memory , which has failed me time and again . You know what I 'm talking about . You think of something , an idea or a task you need to do and you think `` Oh , I 'm sure to remember it ! '' But then you forget , only to remember again later in frustration , usually when it 's staring you in the face , past due , or the other usual consequences of procrastination .2 -RRB- Once I write something down in my pad , it 's a relief . I do n't have to think about it anymore . I do n't have to remember it , because the notepad has it nice and safe for me . This allows me to keep going through my day without distraction . I 'm one of those obsessive people who will turn an idea or thought over in my mind all day if I allow myself . Writing things down in a notepad clears the slate.A little rant on the types of notepads out there , and why I chose the moleskine . We 've all seen those awesomely cheap ` journals ' and blank books in the clearance section of places like Borders and Barnes & Noble . I 've bought a few of them . But they 're usually big , bulky , and not easy to carry . Limiting the space to a 3x5 means you only have room to fit the core ideas down , nothing else . It also means that you can fill the page to your heart 's content without going overboard . It 's just the right space to remember or convey your ideas !
 Is it weird to be in love with a notebook ? Because I love , love , love the small pocket notebooks from Moleskine.Red is my favorite color , so I 'm particularly obsessed with the red versions of the ruled pocket notebooks -- however , they 're kind of hard to find -LRB- several of my local shops carry the plain version , but since I use mine to jot down ideas for my writing -- I am a non-fiction writer -- I need the ruled paper -RRB- , so I was thrilled to discover that Amazon carries the ruled version in the color I want . I highly recommend this size for your purse or bag , since it does n't have much weight -- the larger sizes are actually far nicer to write in , but are n't as portable , since the hard covers are weighty in the larger sizes . The paper 's good quality and I have n't had any bleeding through on my pages.This notebook looks very classy when I pull it out when talking to people for articles , etc , and I get loads of compliments on it . Well worth the money.The only thing I 'd change is the chemical composition of the covers -- I understand that there 's some PVC content -LRB- hence the CA warning in the product description -RRB- , and I 'd prefer Moleskine went in a PVC-free direction . -LRB- So if anyone knows of hard notebook that 's PVC-free with equal quality ruled paper and nice colors , let me know ! -RRB-
 I ca n't decide whether I bought this notebook despite the hype or because of it . But I do know that when I have a Moleskine notebook with me , I actually write . That is reason enough for me to be a loyal customer . No more journals started , then abandoned , and no more ideas forgotten because I did n't write them down right away.I suspect that it really is despite the hype that I love it . Here 's why : * As I said , I actually use it . * Delightfully smooth paper . * Nice thin lines . * A variety of styles . * Pocket in back keeps little things ; in my case , it 's often fortune cookie fortunes . * Elastic keeps the paper clean . * Holds up well in my pocket or bag . * Did I mention the delightfully smooth paper , with the nice thin lines?This is the first notebook that I 've really been able to carry with me , and that makes all the difference as far as writing is concerned .
 i purchased several of these Extra Large Moleskines for my fiance , who writes a lot , after i was disheartened seeing his beautiful work penned in ratty 99 cent spiral notebooks . he 's now a Moleskine devotee . he reports , specifically , that the spacing of the ruled lines is `` PERFECT '' . his joy is my joy . if you love your Writer , buy him/her some of these delicious notebooks . perhaps you will be rewarded ... not only with love , but with a novella penned in adoration !
 I beat the hell out of everything I own . My PDA which this has partially replaced has an aluminum hardshell case and a metal body . I have broken just every watch I have ever owned -LRB- and I have/had a few excellent watches -RRB- . I am naturally hard on things due to my focus on life not on my gear . This little notebook has kept itself together so far , while looking very hip.I am a software engineer/project manager and am cognisant of my technological options , this is just faster , lighter and thinner than my PDA for scribbling notes . I am never without it in the office.The back folio pocket and the elastic strap looked dumb when I first bought it . However , I use the folio pocket for receipts to be reimmbursed -LRB- better than leaving them in a pocket to be washed or thrown out -RRB- and the elastic strap serves double duty as a second bookmark and to keep the notebook together -LRB- keeping it closed helps it survive -RRB- . I like the construction and archival quality of the book . My notes look more like those of a disorganized madman than a manager -LRB- I am starting to wonder if they are synonomous -RRB- but if I ever have to refer back to them I can be assured that they will be there for a long time.It only received 4 stars because they are -LSB- ... -RSB- a piece and at my current scrawling rate , I will probably need about 4 or 5 a year . Just get your company to pay for it if you can , because they are notebooks that you can rely on to be there for a long while.Lastly
 These are fantastic new softcover notebooks . They have paper like the XL Caher notebooks with college ruled lines and the covers are like the other softcovers . The best part is that the covers will stay flat when placed on the table after you pressed down on the spine . You can even fold the cover over to the back and write on one sheet like a spiral bound notebook , although the pages wo n't sit as flat.Everything else is just like other Moleskines : . the elastic band , the back pocket , and the personal info/rewards front page .
 I have always scoured the blank journals , diaries , notebooks , etc. for just the `` right one '' , and after many that did suffice very well for their purpose -- I never leave home without my Moleskine . My Palm Pilot has been completely relegated to being nothing more than an electronic pocket map if I am traveling to some new place . Once again , all of my `` data '' is handwritten . These little notebooks each in their turn have been my `` portable brain '' , and you really have to make a keen effort to fill them up because the pages go on and on . Grocery lists , phone numbers , addresses , mid-transit reminders of what I need to journal when I return home , journal entries when I am traveling , ISBN 's of books to put on my wish list , business cards in the back pocket , etc. . Less than a month after I purchased my first pocket Moleskine , I purchased a large one to replace my daily journal.Don ' t let the smooth cover fool you . These little buggers can handle a serious beating . Mine get thrown in my purse , in coat pockets , jammed in my laptop case , tossed around the car , and plenty else without getting damaged . One sturdy little elastic strap keeps it all in good order and the pages are stitched rather than glued , so you have to consciously tear them out because they 'll never fall out on their own.Retire your PDA . Buy a Moleskine . -LRB- or three -RRB-
 These are the best notebooks I 've ever used and I 've used a lot of notebooks over the years . I love the soft cover version as I have a great , custom-fitted leather cover from Renaissance Art that makes it look and function like a million bucks . The beauty in all the Moles is their stitched binding that allows it to lie flat for writing . As a fountain pen user , I also appreciate the slight `` tooth '' in the off-white paper along with the visually comfortable neutral toned rules . I drag it everywhere and order several at a time , I will never be caught without one at the ready !
 I got tired of lugging my computer to meetings -LRB- and missed using my fountain pen -RRB- . I also hate the typical $ 2 notebooks you can buy at Walgreens . So I gave this a try . It 's perfect . The paper is high quality , ink does n't bleed or show on the back of a page , and the binding is great . The little pocket in the back is handy for business cards . The elastic band also allows me to fold up handouts in the notebook . I recommend this to anyone who wants a bit more quality . And besides , compared to other journals of this quality , the price is right too .
 indispensable . perfect . best thing that ever happened to me . perfect size , fits in jeans back pocket , if it has to . does n't `` crash '' on you , ever . durable . sylish . compact . perfect line width for scribbling little notes . i love this lil notebook to death ! and i work for a wirless application service provider , on mobtech cutting edge ! forget cutting edge . this little notebook is PERFECT .
 Positives
 You get what you pay for and in this case , you pay for quality . Moleskine is my favorite and I always buy a couple when they go on sale .
 I 'm really impressed with Moleskine . I use mine for my journal . I started writing again about a year ago and was using a different manufacturers book , that while not bad , just did n't seem to feel like quality , if that makes sense.This Moleskine is great but my only complaint is that the paper seems a little too thin , which is n't an issue to me as the pens that I use do n't bleed through . If you do n't use pens that will bleed through the paper then buy this .
 Delivery was super fast and the quality of the notebook is in incredible ! Cover of the notebook is really good looking and cool . I love it .
 I love this notebook ! It 's smaller than I expected but not by alot . I personally use it for notes , web addresses , necesseties , etc.The pages are a bit thinner than I 'd like but aslong as you use the right pen , then it 's good .
 These little notebooks are great for notes . Very durable and convenient , I recommend having one handy even if you do n't like taking notes you may find a use for it if you have one around .
 The Moleskine Ruled Notebook came very very quickly ! I have absolutely no complaints . The packaging was very thorough ; no bends , scrapes , or imperfections on the product . The paper inside is very very smooth and holds ink -LRB- and pencil -RRB- very well . I personally use pencils more and I have not had a single puncture , trace line , or smear . I will be ordering more of these very soon.5-Stars for quality and efficiency
 I have found the Moleskin to be about the best notebook going . The quality of construction is top notch as it opens to 180 deg . exposing two pages very flat . The added bonus of having the ribbon maker means you can always find your last place and the elastic band assures good closure . I have used many notebooks in the past and although the Moleskin is a bit pricey , it 's worth it !
 I love these notebooks . They feel like they 'll last forever , the paper is of high quality -LRB- thin , but not TOO thin -RRB- , sturdy hardcover , the pocket in the back is great for photos and little notes for throughout your journey -LRB- no matter what that journey might be -RRB- , and the band and bookmark just ... work . This is a notebook of the highest quality.True , you 'll pay for this quality , but you 'll know that unless it 's thrown in the fire , chances are very very high that it 'll last forever.I ca n't recommend these enough , I try to always have one on me ... y' know , just in case . : - -RRB-
 Moleskine makes great , sturdy , compact notebooks . It has a convenient pocket in the back for sticking scraps of paper , a photo , whatever.I have a small ruled Moleskine I 've used for years as a general purpose notebook . It 's taken quite a beating , but still looks to last until it 's full.Since I purchased that first book at the Smithsonian in 2002 , I 've purchased , used and abused several different styles of Moleskines . Each exhibits the same high level of quality , from the sturdy cover , strong , durable elastic ` clasp ' , and tough , heavy paper .
 This notebook is fabulous ... its history inspires . I think that it will be the last type of notebook I use for my journaling and writing . I adore it !
 I love this notebook . I 've dealt with all other kinds of pocket notebooks , all of which fold , deform , get pages easily folded over and ripped out and stained . The Moleskine is an elegant little solution that protects itself with a thin , unobtrusive cover and a small elastic strap which has avoided every other problem that 's plagued previous notebooks.On top of that , it has a small pocket in the back to hold business cards and such in , and a small cloth page marker so I can open it to the right spot and pick up writing where I left off . It 's all the little things , and the fact that it looks and feels so nice , that makes me love the Moleskine.In addition to that , once you buy into the whole backstory , it builds up a pleasant aura of quality and heritage that 's helped encourage me to write in it more often , just because it feels * right * . Evidently , it 's enough to make product evangelists out of all of us , is n't it ? : -RRB-
 I keep my soft cover notebook in my back pocket and so the soft cover is important . After less than 2 weeks of use my moleskine started to fall apart just as others have described . My fix was to drill small holes through the spine at 1cm intervals and `` bind '' it back together with needle and black threat . Time
 The notebooks themselves are great but one must be careful of the writing instrument chosen for writing in the book . Along with fountain pens , gel pens do not take well to the paper .
 A notebook that is marginally more expensive than a standard notebook of its size but the quality , workmanship and feel of the notebook is vastly better . Its a matter of quality vs quantity ...
 You need a notebook that is n't huge , is n't tiny , and can go anywhere you go ? This thing is the bee 's knees . Lines that are n't too bold , and serve as guides for your messy-ass unbalanced handwriting .
 This is a perfect notebook for me.For a working woman , perfect size , perfect weight , perfect style notebook.Love it !
 Wonderfully crafted and everything down to the smell is just amazing about this little notebook . I did n't read the description carefully however , and did n't realize the notebook was going to be so small . However , for journaling and jotting down thoughts , this book is still great . The strap on it is durable , as is the hard cover . The paper is excellent quality and very smooth to write on . I love everything about this brand .
 Absolutely love these little notebooks . I purchased three - two of them for gifts . I then purchased Sharpie Thin Line pens to write in the notebooks , and there is no leeching through the pages when writing.Moleskine Classic Red Notebook , Ruled Pocket
 DurableReliableBack pocket pouchLined paperI 've used Moleskine 's for journaling for the past 5 years or more and they have never let me down . Well made material and the perfect size for on the go .
 I have always loved Moleskin products - will use them for professional and personal purposes . The quality of the paper is excellent - gel pens do not bleed through . The space between the lines are not too wide nor too narrow - it gives the writer ample space . The back pocket allows me to keep a few necessary papers without having to worry about how I can make sure it stays in the journal . The marker allows me to easily find my last entry and the elastic band allows the book to be concise and easily transportable.Well worth the money .
 As per my review of the small , cahier Moleskin , I also use this larger size , lined notebook . It has a soft , supple cover ; and the pages are a joy , and I mean a joy to write in . You WANT to write in it . I 've been using Moleskins since 2005 . I use them at the office to document problems and resolutions , I use them as a photographer out in the field to record photo notes , diagrams as needed , travel expenses ; and I put the receipts in the small folder pockets at the back until I return to home base . These books are just so amazing to write with . It 's a more personal experience . I could just as easily open up a note app , or voice memo app on my iPhone or iPad and do the same but to me you lose touch with the sensual feeling of just writing.The notebook has a soft cover , the pages are lined and spaced evenly . I write in it with a rollerball , or fountain pen and the pages never bleed , nor smear . So overall if you are looking for a gorgeous , comfortable notebook to use in the field , in your travels , or at Starbucks , this is your book.Enjoy .
 As a 20-year old college student I often reflect back on childhood and think of how good of an idea it would have been to have kept a diary . How wonderful would it be to look back and pick apart your younger brain ? Such is the appeal of keeping a diary.When I first started I had only one goal
 I started using this particular moleskine product after my electronic organizer died.I do n't know why this product seems to fall apart for some . I carry the book with me all the time in my shirt pocket and it has not come apart even after several months.It 's a bit beat up on the edges but for a soft cover you should expect some wear.The interior is fine though . And I do my scribbles in both fountain pen and mechanical pencil . I have stock piled blank books for when I need them.I give this product 5 stars , I use the blank , lined , and graph squared versions that are available as well as the larger Kraft paper cover books as well.I find nothing wrong with this product at all and I highly recommend Moleskine .
 Love these notebooks . I 'm on my third , use them daily and they hold up really well . Never had a problem with tears or leather issues . Pocket in the back is n't much , but nice to put a few slips of loose leaf paper maybe . I prefer the soft cover , just a personal thing I think .
 Despite having Prime it still took 5 days to get to me which is the only bad thing I can say about ordering this notebook . Simply put , Moleskine makes the best notebooks around . I purchased this one to replace my close to 8 year old one . It had been through numerous rainy days in my backpack , all kinds of scribbled notes and drawings over the years and served me well . Eventually the pages ran out and I transfered all the vital stuff to start out my new one .
 I have never had a journal before but I can not imagine anything better than this ! The paper inside is incredibly comfortable to write on . The cover and size of it are very comfortable in your hand . It has a bookmark and an elastic to help keep it closed as well as a pocket in the back . Highly recommend this notebook .
 Love this moleskin . Very bendable and durable . Nice feel to it and the pages do n't feel too cheapy and thin . Will buy again .
 I have not experience any quality problems so far as I find them pretty durable . But I only used ballpoint pens in them , so I ca n't really say whether it 's ink friendly or not .
 great notebook , I have been a long history user for moleskine products and just trust and love them . my mitsubish jetstream pen works perfectly on it .
 Moleskine has become a standard in my life . This size is so great , plus the quality of paper almost wants to make you journal/write . Once you start using moleskine , you will never go back to anything else . The simple thing like a pocket and the close clasp is so great .
 This was a gift for my 20-something aspiring writer son . It was just what he wanted at a great price . I guess this size with the lines is harder to find . I did n't realize that these are very popular now . Thanks for the great price Amzaon .
 Out of its wrapping the most notable characteristic of this was not the smooth paper -LRB- incredible -RRB- , the marks on the back cover from the attached elastic band and envelope on the inside -LRB- not so incredible -RRB- , or the fact that it seems to have an issue laying flat while open . No instead the most notable thing about the soft cover pocket moleskine I received was the smell that accompanied it . Hoping it was a something from the plastic or its environment I ripped off the plastic and the band then proceeded to crack it open only to be assaulted by a chemical smell that from the pages ... a good 2 feet away from me . A few hours after unwrapping the smell persists so it 's definitively something product centered rather than environmental in this instance.Thankfully I purchased a large red hardcover moleskine and it does not have this problem - perhaps it 's something central to the soft covers ? Also , the -LRB- moleskine -RRB- cahier 's which I 've had quite a few of never smelled like anything.That being said , I like the little book so far having bought it for the smooth paper , size just really did n't expect it to smell like chemical heavy pine cleaner/gas .
 I 've had several of these and never had one fall apart like other people are saying . Maybe do n't break the binding?The softcover is nice as it contours to your hand if you write standing up -LRB- I 'm a music critic and I often use these reporter-style at concerts -RRB- . Additionally , the cover protects your writing within ; I 've spilled coffee in my bag several times , but the covers kept the pages mostly dry.I 'm ordering another one right now !
 First time I 've bought a moleskin in a long time , it 's a little expensive but you definitively get what you pay for . Will be getting the a4 sized one next , just wish if came with perforations but a portable tool will fix that .
 Be confident on te quality of the product , your moleskine will follow you in the classroom , in a meeting or at your bankman rendez-vous . Very nice and useful .
 I have never been disappointed with the quality and functionality of Moleskine products , and this notebook is no different . I love the quality materials , the ribbon page marker , and the storage folder in the back . The soft cover makes it easy for me to curl the pages when space is cramped -LRB- e.g. traveling or in class -RRB- and fit into any compartment in my bag -LRB- s -RRB- . I recommend any Moleskine product to people who wish to keep their notes / work safe in an attractive and professional-looking format .
 Its almost perfect , other than the first page being partly glued to the cover . Best pen to write in a moleskine with is aPilot G2 Fine Point Rolling Ball Black Gel Ink Pens , 2-Pack -LRB- 31031 -RRB-
 Rugged little notebook for notes . Takes very little space when traveling . Fits in side pocket or bag .
 As a writer and a new mother , I 'm often one hand and writing surface short when I get ideas I want to jot down.I was looking for a medium sized , reporter style pad like this -LRB- except with a a hard cover and spiral binding ... -RRB- . I 've owned a number of moleskine journals over the years and have always been pleased . This one does n't disappoint . It 's easy to position and due to it 's size , the outside edge of my hand is able to hold it down while I write ... unlike a smaller pad of this style.As is the case with almost ALL top-bound journals , when I flip to the next page it 's difficult to get full use of the top areas . Hence the desire for spiral bound.Regardless , this is a great little journal and I 'd recommend it .
 What a great product . Easy to carry and well made . Great for a daily diary or notes related to an important topic .
 I got this notebook for daily usage , mostly taking notes at meetings . I do n't take long minutes , just key points and action items to transfer later to a digital system . It is really elegant and practical . At first I had some issues with the size , coming from using standard 81/2 x 11 '' pads before for this purpose , but in fact I now appreciate its lightness and small size . Other users have complained about the paper being too thin and writing from one page being too notorious on the reverse of it , but I tend to use fine point pens and have n't run into this . Thoroughly recommended .
 I 've been writing in Moleskines for about 6 years . I journal just about everyday and these rugged little books ca n't be beat . I 've used leather bound journals that have wrap around tie straps and other kinds , but they 're all bulky and heavy . My Moleskine is slim , the hardcover is plenty strong , the inside pocket is great for saving receipts and little papers I 've collected over time , and the elastic is easy to slip on and off . What more could you ask for ?
 The product arrived on time ... and if moles were known about in the olden days people would 've donned cute moles wrapped around their necks , instead of minks ... imagine that
 Okay , I 'll bite.What I ' m about to relate is gushing praise , but I assure it 's 100 % true and not mere sarcasm
 While on a East coast work assignment , I needed a pocket type notebook to take notes on my `` off time/tourist time '' . The hardback moleskine was just the ticket . I 'm a pencil writer and because of the hardback and the elastic band the pages do not run together and smudge . The small size was perfect for my small purse . The paper texture is just right and I can stash loose notes in the pocket.Fast forward a couple weeks and my Franklin planner gave up the ghost . It was an easy choice to opt for the larger size diary . It looks sharp going into meetings -- a couple people have commented on it . Best yet , it is lighter than the Frankin and smaller -LRB- which is imporant when travelling and commuting -RRB- , frees up space in my briefcase should I need to even bring it . And -- best of all , my diary pages will take up much less end of year space than those danged Fanklin archiv binders . In 09 , I might opt for the pocket weekly planner to go with it . The space savings -LRB- in my line of work I must keep my daily schedules and diaries -RRB- will be fantastic .
 The service I received for receiving this product was very well . The product got to me in the amount of time they said they would and it was in the very best condition .
 These are perfect for someone that works in an office and sometimes ont he road . it gives someone a place to write everything down . The strap that keeps is closed helps keep it from being damaged wen placed in the a bag , and the bookmark is handy because you can quickly find your place . The make GREAT inexpensive gifts too .
 This is a great normal sized , ruled notebook . I really love Moleskin products . They are great ! Pretty simple product and I love writing in it .
 Seemed small at first but when I began writing in it , I was surprised at how much I have n't filled the notebook . Very good notebook to use as journal or for notes .
 I have purchased several of these . I 've managed to use them in several different contacts . They are sturdy and look impressive . They are great to take to meetings and conferences .
 One of my favorite things I own . I take it everywhere when I work or travel . It is just enough to do everything I need , but still simple enough to not distract at meetings and etc. .
 Looks nice , brand known for high quality . Gifted this to a creative producer friend to keep track of her ideas whenever they may come to her .
 I 've been using Moleskine products for years . I have tried the imitations and found them always lacking in the quality that is attendant to a Moleskine notebook . If you want quality , buy the Moleskine .
 Just as advertised , a nice size to take with you , band holds book closed , binding and pages are good quality , black cover is simple and understated , brand is great quality and many other products just a good , have recommended and will buy again , given as gifts also and so many uses , too . Thanks .
 This is a Great product for a person of lists such as me . The sized is perfect and not to large
 A little smaller than I thought it would be , but it 's an excellent price -LRB- bought it for a buck or two + shipping -RRB- and an excellent product . I have found especially useful the band that can hold the book shut and can also mark which page you 're on .
 Last September I purchased my first Moleskine notebooks to go with my new Oberon Design cover . I work for a university as a fundraiser and I depend on having a notebook on me at all times as I go from meeting to meeting . My notes are very precious . Although they seemed rather pricey , I bought three of them to start me off . I made my first entry in my first Moleskine on October 1st . I finally filled that first notebook up last Friday ! Not only did this Moleskine last almost seven months -LRB- and I do a lot of note-taking -RRB- , but I love the feel of the paper and it 's color . Easy to write on , very smooth , and easy on the eyes.The Moleskine tucked inside of my Oberon cover makes for a very classy presentation in meetings with donors and faculty . A winning combination
 I purchased this book as a way to get my thought and feelings down on paper . It is perfect ! I carry it everyone with me in my purse and with the hardback cover and elastic band closure , it still looks brand new ! The attached ribbon bookmark makes it easy to find the next blank page and the spacing on the page is great for my larger hand writing . I have already recommended this book to all of my writing friends .
 I am about to purchase a soft cover from Amazon for the first time . I already have one that I bought from Barnes & Noble . I use it everyday as my food and gym journal and it gets some pretty rough treatment - bent every which way , tossed around in my gym bag , sweat on -LRB- ewwww ! I know -RRB- , food and drink spilt on . You name it , it 's happened to my Moleskine . It 's a day to day staple for me . This in mind , absolutely nothing has fallen apart . No pages have fallen out . No leaves have come loose . The cover is still very much intact . I just love my Moleskine softcover ! And I really prefer it to the hardcover . I 'll see if the quality is any different once I purchase it here on Amazon . I doubt it will be . But if it is , I will be sure to amend me review .
 I wanted to start a Journal for my Granddaughter . Of course I 've kept diaries in the past , such as my teenage years , but I wanted this one to be special . After doing many searches online , I found this Moleskine Journal . It has a nice , sleek but plain look , so I thought I 'd try it . My reaction ? I ended up buying 3 more the day after receiving the first one ! It 's PERFECT ! I read the other customer reviews about which pens work best with the paper in this Journal , and I immediately ordered a bunch of the Pilot G-2 pens -LRB- based on another customer 's review -RRB- , and these pens work best -LRB- my `` ordinary '' pen was smudging in the Journal -RRB- . The pages are nice -LRB- I think there 're 250 pages per book -RRB- , the ones I purchased -LRB- large -RRB- are the perfect size I want -LRB- they fit in my handbag -RRB- , and the Journal itself is just wonderful ... no gimmicky look , no teen-ager-y locks , just a plain , sleek-looking Journal . If you 're thinking of starting a Journal , or even using this as a store list or To-Do list keeper , I 'd highly recommend the Moleskine large .
 It 's a good notebook . I use either pencil or pen . Writing with a Pilot G2 pen works great . This notebook is also the perfect size to fit in my Bible case , while it 's durable enough to take on youth retreats and such . It 's just a well-made notebook.The only thing I do n't like is that the strap likes to get twisted . Kinda reminds me of a seat-belt in that regard .
 I absolutely love the soft cover moleskine notebook . It takes a little time to get use to the softcover but I am on my 3rd softcover and now I would never go back to the hardcover .
 I recommend this article only if you can take care of your things . And by that I mean that you never loose stuff . This is a pretty expensive notebook that does not serve any other function . The paper quality is average , thin paper that will bleed if you use roller point or marker.BUT if you are looking for a very neat and elegant notebook this is what you need . The higher price is justified by the distinctive Moleskine look . So if you want to impress every time you take a quick note do n't look any further .
 What can I say that has n't already been said ? This notebook is wonderfully constructed and just feels right when I use it . I am very happy with my purchase .
 This is an excelletn gift for anyone that hand writes a journal or jots down ideas for writing or business . Excellent quality .
 This notebook is compact , yet it allows you to carry receipts and papers from a days meeting inside and the elastic keeps the additional paper safe from falling out . It 's very compact and not overly large for taking to meetings .
 I found that my PDA was n't that useful for me most of the time . Writing things down make a difference . I am a writing so this would make sense . So I got one of these notebooks . I loved it so much that I went out and bought two more . I will continue to use these indefinitely . The price is the only disappointing fact . They are too expensive but no one makes anything similar so what you can you do ? I am more traditional - I studied in France and prefer fountain pens as well . So take that into consideration when reading my review !
 It 's a Moleskine notebook , I 'm not sure how anybody could screw that up , so I 'm not sure what Amazon is expecting me to say in addition to that . Like Moleskine ? It 's a great notebook . Do n't like Moleskine ? Stop being such an idiot ; - -RRB-
 Exactly what 's needed to jot a few thoughts down , keep the schedule in order , and take it where you need it ...
 I have been searching for the perfect daily planner , one that is a little smaller than most , but I can still put in a ton of information . This planner does it all!If you 're familiar with Moleskine , it has the same inner pocket and stretch cord closure , as well as the woven bookmark that 's sewn into the binding and the wonderful leather-like feel of the cover . The color is very vibrant , just the right shade of bold red.This planner not only has your daily , weekly/monthly , and monthly/yearly calendars , but also a measures and conversions chart , traveling distances chart -LRB- worldwide -RRB- , travel diary , time zone map , international holidays chart , international clothing size conversion chart , and a page with a ruler printed ! I do n't think I could design a better planner , I feel that this one fits so well.The ONLY downside I can see is that even though it has a 2008 and 2009 monthly and yearly calendar view , the daily planner only goes up through December 31 , 2008 . That just means as soon as they start releasing the 2009 versions , I 'll have to be quick and order one so that I 'm ready for the new year and any of the appointments that may come with it.Overall , I give it five stars because it does everything I could hope for in a classic pen-and-paper planner , and it looks stylish and chic while doing it . I love the feel and look of it so much , I make sure to `` have a reason '' to bring it out in front of everyone !
 I always loved the Little Prince and this Moleskine Notebook brought my inner child back . Presenting the quality we all got used to , I would recommend this item to everyone who ever liked the Little Prince .
 If your purse is to full or you 're out in nature , this notebook gives you great space for notes and ideas . Take anywhere .
 Item was delivered quickly , online prices were good . What more could I want ?
 I ordered this to keep in my purse to write notes or store some pictures . It is too beautiful to use . I have it in my bag , but can not bring myself to write in it .
 Exactly as described !!!! As you read the product info , you always wonder if products like this are what they describe them as . This one is .
 I originally bought the pocket sized moleskine notebook and quickly realized that I was in love . The pocket sized fit my story ideas perfectly.When I went back to college , I searched for planners that had a monthly view , a weekly view , enough space for a prioritization and to-do list , as well as pages for extra things . The planners I found had different combinations of these things but I could never find one planner with everything I was looking for -LRB- even moleskine planners were n't exactly what I was looking for -RRB- . So , one night , I googled planners , figuring I could come across some random site that sold planners better suited to my needs . To my surprise , I came across an entire community of people who took regular moleskine -LRB- typically moleskine -RRB- ruled planners and turned them into customized planners just for them.I immediately started writing down what I specifically wanted and needed in my planner . I knew there would be an adjustment period until I 'd perfected it , but I was willing to try.I 'm on my third six-month long planner and it 's been worth it . Looking back on the years in middle school , jr high , and high school that I spent bending my needs to fit the planner as opposed to having a planner that fit MY needs , seem crazy!Plus , I 've noticed that because of the expensiveness of moleskine notebooks and the time it takes me to do everything -LRB- usually about four hours to finish the whole thing -RRB- , I use and care for them more ! I do end up with unused pages in the back of the books but I use them to help me plan out next semesters classes and various things like that .
 Quick delivery . Exactly what I wanted . Moleskine is the best notebook for journaling , sketching , drawing , and so much more . I highly recommend
 These are the only notebooks I will use . After using cheaper and less quality I am to spoiled by these . You will love them too .
 Perfect size . Love the elastic closure and the ribbon for book mark . I will order many more of these over the years .
 Great product ! I buy always Moleskine Classic Red Notebook since I the black can easy be forgotten on the desk .
 It 's a really classic , and good quality notebook.Moleskine notebooks are very comfortable , perfect sized , and very elegant.A must have !
 Moleskine makes the best notebooks , and the large , ruled is my go-to version . The paper feels crisp and clean . There 's a pocket in the pack for stowing photos , etc. . The elastic strap ensures that the notebook stays closed . There 's even a `` Property of ; reward if found '' page inside the front cover so that if you lose your notebook when you 're halfway done writing your novel , some good soul can return it to you .
 I always use these books to record my trips . I try to not just give a &#34; we went here and saw this &#34; kind of journal but my thoughts about what I saw , what I felt and any unusual things I encounter . These books are the perfect companion on your trips and , some day , will transport you back to a different time and place .
 I like these notebooks very much . The cover is very sturdy and the pages have a nice weight to them . The size is perfect for your back pocket or jacket . I use these books to jot down notes from meetings with clients . The small pocket in the rear of the book is handy for storing business cards .
 I use two Moleskins - the large one I use exclusively for business -LRB- meeting notes , phone numbers , etc. -RRB- and the small size for personal notes -LRB- books , wine , NPR stories , grocery lists -RRB- . They are absolutely terrific and I never go anywhere without them !
 It 's a large Moleskine . I doubt anyone would pay this much for a notebook if they were n't a fan of Moleskine .
 I purchased the ruled pocket notebook and I must say , this notebook is the perfect size for a busy mom like me . Small enough to keep it in my purse , yet large enough to use it at the office . ALL of my notes , ideas , shopping lists and reminders go in this thing . Whether it 's personal or work related , I jot it down in here . I like to keep it simple and not have different places to look for information when I need it.At night , I keep itn on my nightstand . Any important reminders or ideas that come to mind once my head hits the pillow gets jotted down . It 's amazing how doing that before I go to bed helps my stress level . I also like having it with me at all times - I feel like I am staying on top of things and can honestly say that I am so much more organized because of it . I have tried other pocket-sized notebooks and they do not stand the test of time like these do ! The construction of this notebook is fabulous . It is built to last . The little pocket inside serves as the temporary home for coupons , receipts and checkstubs until I can file them away permanently or trash them.If you are struggling with jumbled thoughts and forgotten ideas , and general disorganization , this thing is the perfect first step . We need to stop relying so much on electronic devices and go back to good old pen and paper !
 Moleskines live up to the hype . The size of the hardcover pocket notebook is perfect , the journal opens flat , the pages are a DREAM to write on , it feels good in the hand ... -LRB- and smells great -RRB- . I 'm a firm believer that if you love your writing instruments -LRB- both pen and paper -RRB- , you will write more . A good writing setup inspires and lends focus .
 A good quality notebook . The perfect size for my taste . My one quibble would be that the paper is a bit too translucent . I do n't get ink bleeding through the page , but writing on the opposite side of a page can show through .
 We were looking for a notebook to use as my wife 's diary.We looked all over for one , but we could only find ones with too few pages.This notebook was what we were looking for!The quality is pretty good ! -LRB- about what you 'd expect , though , for the price -RRB-
 This is , in my humble opinion , the greatest notebook ever . The dimensions , quality of materials , and design makes it a joy to use and joy to write . It is in itself motivation to write . A must have for every kind of writer .
 My son loves the moleskin notebooks for lab notes . However this year the vendor did n't send the product until I sent a complaint , Then 1 notebook arrived . With a note that this completes my order . I ordered 2 . . and then an e mail to amazon . jan 2nd I finally received the other notebook .
 Fantastic notebook . Use it all the time for journaling . Wonderful form factor , perfect for eliciting my thoughts .
 Ok everyone at work has one of these and uses them to take notes . So I wanted to be like all the other cool kids and I bought one . I was a little taken back by the price at first , but decided to give it a shot . Amazon was cheaper than the local book store and because I am a Prime member I got free shipping . Well I have been using it ever since . It is tough and I even like the book mark that comes with it . I bought two more , one for my personal notes and a small one for my fishing notes.Nice product overall
 These ruled notebooks are the best way to take notes for class , creative writing , or general thoughts . It has high portability , quality paper , and sturdy binding and cover .
 This is a great notebook.Large is relative though as it is still a rather small notebook but works great .
 I work on an ambulance , and I take this book with me everywhere . I jot down some of the calls that I go on . From the most mundane to the far out there . I fill up one of these books about every four months . -LRB- I 've got a lot of thoughts to put on paper . -RRB-
 Buying any other kind of journal just does n't make sense . I always go for a Moleskine .
 This is my first Moleskine and I love it . I carry it with my everywhere .
 I really enjoy using Moleskines for daily journaling . The covers are durable , feel is sophisticated , and pages are very high-quality . To this point I 've used the hardcover version of this journal . I spotted the soft cover at the store and I decided to try it out . I 'm definitely sticking with the soft cover . It 's lighter and just as durable as the hard cover version . Actually , I think it 's more durable based on the fact that my hard covers showed much more wear and tear . The corners would fray because of the cardboard cover . The soft cover is thinner but still tough.Also , the soft cover journal stays open when laid open on a table . I did n't think it would do that as well as the hard cover but it definitely does stay open just as well . Go with this if you 're looking for a journal that 's light , durable , flexible , and reliable .
 I bought one of these a few weeks ago . I was concerned that the folks who are knocking the paper quality of this notebook were right . So I performed an experiment
 I am a late but passionate convert to the Moleskine notebooks . I had seen them around , of course , but unlike many users was completely unaware of Hemingway and Bruce Chatwin 's use of them . In fact , I was unaware that they had any reputation at all . To me they were merely one brand of notebook among others . But while in Cleveland this past January I visited the bookstore of Case Western University trying to find something to read -LRB- I had blown through all the novels I had brought with me -RRB- and noticed a display featuring Moleskine notebooks on sale . I needed something to write in so I picked up a three-pak of the extra large cahier notebooks . I instantly fell in love with them . Over time I became impressed with how durable they were , but in the short-term I fell in love with the quality of the paper and the height of the lines.I 've tried a lot of notebooks over the years but I 've never really been happy with the paper quality of most . I absolutely love the line height of each ruled line . Too many notebooks have lines that are the right height for my taste . Most are too high with the result that you do n't get as many words on a page . But with the Moleskine you can get far more words to the page than with most notebooks . The paper is also wonderfully opaque . What you write on one page does not bleed across to the other . This is a fault with many notebooks that have paper that is so absorbent that it seeps onto the other side of the page . I 've had a couple of notebooks that I have used that bleed so badly that I can only use the right hand page . On the other hand , I have also written on pages that failed to absorb the ink -LRB- I prefer to use a fountain pen -RRB- and as a result you can get a lot of smeared ink . When I say the paper in these Moleskine books are perfect I mean precisely that
 could not be happier with my first moleskin purchase . the artwork , the sturdyness , the construction , the weight , everything about this notebook it perfect . with or without the little prince touches moleskin definitely has turned me into a fan
 This awesome journal notebook with iconic PEANUTS @ stickers and an embossed Snoopy , Charlie Brown etc character on the cover -LRB- differs based on which Moleskine format you choose - ruled , plain , graph -RRB- is a wonderful addition to the Moleskine family of high quality , functional notebooks and journals . This particular Peanuts @ series celebrates the 60th anniversary of PEANUTS and -- as Charlie Brown and I were both born in 1950 -- it was a natural ! Regardless of YOUR age , I think you will also fall in love with it . Smooth , luxurious `` toothy '' ruled writing paper and all the usual perks of a Moleskine product . Enjoy !
 This is the first Moleskine Notebook I 've purchased . I read all the reviews before I made my purchase . I have to agree with the other reviewers that this is indeed a great notebook . I love the braided bookmark , the envelope at the back , and the elastic band closure . I use a Pilot G-Tec C-4 gel pen to write in it and I 've not had difficulty with the ink bleeding . This notebook serves the purpose that I use it for beautifully ! Thank you Moleskine ! -LRB- I also found the history of this notebook printed on the insert - very interesting ! -RRB-
 I love the large Moleskine , particularly when traveling . It is large enough to use as an everyday journal , but small enough to carry when traveling , going on a day trip , or riding a subway . The elastic band to hold the journal closed is great . It holds a pen inside the covers snugly and without warping them . The expandable pocket is great for holding mementos , train tickets , receipts , postcards , or whatever other small items you collect or might need to stash where you wo n't forget it . The Moleskine is also durable . I have never had pages fall out or covers fall off . Overall , it is well made and practical.Others have complained about the paper , but I have never had a problem with it . I generally use a ballpoint pen -LRB- Zebra Z-501 -RRB- writing on both sides of each page with no trouble , no bleed through , no grooving of the paper , or other flaw . I am sure some fountain pens or rollers may leak through , but a good ballpoint pen will usually be preferable when traveling anyway.This journal suits me perfectly . I am sure others prefer larger journals and some may require thicker paper , but this journal provides lots of space to write without being cumbersome to carry.I recommend the Moleskine Large Notebook .
 I diligently tried to go digital with a few different PDA 's including my Blackberry , but I kept coming back to pen and paper . Paper does n't `` crash '' , it ca n't be hacked , copied or get infected with a virus . I filled a few `` Black and Red '' brand notebooks , and while they are high quality they are a little big -LRB- 8.5 x 11 -RRB- . This one is small enough that I can put it in my back pocket -LRB- jeans or dress pants -RRB- . The spine has a little give even though its a hard cover and I can sit on it and it is n't too uncomfortable ... your butt gets used to it . Very durable . I use it for all my my notes at work -LRB- I 'm an executive at a fortune 200 company -RRB- , and the little pocket in the back cover is perfect for business cards . All of my business notes are in the front and I start from the back for personal lists and notes that I want to keep . That way , no matter where I am , I 've got my personal and business stuff handy.I 've filled three of them so for . On my last one , the spine split during a three week trip to India , but none of the pages fell out . It took a pretty good beating and it even accompanied me on an elephant ride . A few people made comments that you ca n't use gel type ink pens because the ink smears when you close the book . Did n't find that to be much of a problem.I 'll never go back to a full size notebook and I 'm hooked on this durable little guy !
 Moleskines are useful for everything and are used for just that . Most of the reported uses seem to be more in the artsy nature , like `` jotting down dreams , '' `` sketching my cats , '' or `` looking moody in coffeehouses . '' All of those are legitimate , but my particular use is a bit more left brain . I am a business executive , and I use Moleskines for all my meetings , notes , phone calls , etc. . That way , I have all of my projects in my hand , all of the time -LRB- yes , my assistant does photocopy this from time to time for back-up -RRB- . I have found it to be very effective . The little pocket in the back is great for business cards and boarding passes , and the look of the whole thing is sophisticated with just a touch of mystery.I started out using the graph version , but found that the vertical lines messed up my penmanship - now , I am a standard ruled line guy . Overall , these are durable little books if not abused . I had one that started to come apart after too many spread-eagle photocopyings , and another that loosened up a bit after a fall - but generally , you should n't have a problem . Go ahead - join the Moleskine movement .
 While I think I 've come to prefer the smaller , pocket-sized version of moleskine 's ruled notebook , this size ca n't be beat for longer entries . Its size really is quite nice , and it is very portable , even if the samller is more so . This journal is much , much -LRB- much -RRB- easier to write in . If you anticipate making longer entries -- not brief notes in shorthand -- or if you regularly carry a bag of some sort , this is the journal for you , hands down . I tend to use the small journal as an on-the-run brain dump and the larger for long-hand text.No other journals are as well made . Plus , moleskines age well . They are an indispensable part of life . I have a small one in my pocket , a larger one on my desk , and two empties waiting for their time to come .
 The designer of these notebooks got them exactly right . The two original sizes , roughly 3x5 and 5x8 , fit perfectly in pockets and bags . The cover material is durable yet develops nice character after extended use . The notebook features both a fabric place-keeper and elastic band to keep the book shut . There 's also a pocket in the back cover to keep scraps.Try one out - you 'll be hooked .
 I bought the 3.5 x 5.5 ruled pocket version . By my standards , the best notebook I 've ever used . The perfect size for my jacket or pocket . Acid free paper for long-term archival storage of my notes . Good to use an acid free ink for even longer storage -LRB- gel ink pens do not work well with the Moleskine 's paper though -RRB- . Looks professional , and I get a lot of nice comments about it . Much easier to use than turning on my PDA and slowly typing in notes with my thumbs . I also really like the fact that it will open completely flat on a table for easier note writing and reading . When this one is full , I plan to buy another . Price is higher than most , but with this Moleskine , you pay for the quality .
 Dear Artist friend or business person , It 's been nearly 4 years 8 months since I stumbled across these neatly packaged notebooks by Moleskine.The ruled ones are great for journaling in especially if you are a hands-on person that still loves the idea of preserving the past in a manual way . You know I mean with out using a computer . Or computerized hand held technology or a digital recording device.Don ' t get me wrong I have devices like this but somedays you just want to go back . Back to the times when life was simple and things moved slower ... you know Old School technology i.e. , -LRB- pencil/pen and paper -RRB- . If you 're into doing that and prefer keeping track of the notes you take at seminars or notes you take of your daily life then this is a great little book for you . Why ? Because great ideas should be protected.The truth is that I have purchased quite a few of these as I try to keep the pace of journaling everyday . The reason why I enjoy putting my notes in this book is because they 're not bulky or hard to carry . I also love the elegantly classic construction because they 're really put together well.They really are well constructed : EXTERIOR -- Smooth-Elegantly Black leather like exteriorDurable-against spills or rain -LRB- but this should not be abused -RRB- INTERIOR -- High-quality paper -LRB- great for archival purposes and storage -RRB- Binding and pages are well put together . I have not lost one single page due to the spine breaking and pages falling out . The ones I have are not glued into the spine.So if journaling were an Olympic event and I was one of the judges I 'd give Moleskine Ruled Notebooks a `` Gold Medal '' for all the great notebooks they 've put together because the construct is superior . By the way Hemingway used them a lot and if a great writer like Hemingway used them who am I to argue . They were good enough for storing his great written works . So I 've given up putting my ideas on writing pads or sticky notes . Remember everything is not for everybody ... especially the best stuff . Most people find out about it when it 's to late . I 'm trying to share with you an insiders secret.Your Servant , Deremiah , * CPE
 I have both the soft and the hard cover versions of this . -LRB- This one is the soft cover version . The hard cover version is atMoleskine Ruled Notebook Pocket . -RRB- They are both great but I prefer the hardcover . Neither the soft nor the hard cover versions open to lie completely flat as would a wire-bound notebook , making them a little harder to write in when conditions are less than ideal . The hardcover is a little easier to hold in one hand in a way to provide a convenient and solid writing surface.Also , the `` elastic closure '' on the hard cover is a little more substantial . I have more confidence that it will continue to provide a firm closure over time . I think they had to make the elastic on the soft cover a little lighter so as not to deform the soft cover.I therefore give the hard cover five stars and the soft cover -LRB- this one -RRB- four stars .
 It 's been 60 years of Peanuts cartoons and Moleskine is helping us celebrate!The notebooks include the normal Moleskine features
 I 've long been an avid fan of notebooks , and more generally , quality stationary . I own quite a number of notebooks , both self-bought and those that were gifted to me . However in each case , the notebook somehow fell short and I would find myself disheartened to write in them a few pages in . They were either spiral-bounded , poorly bounded , lines were ruled too wide , had poor paper quality , etc.Yes , I 'm absolutely anal-retentive over the quality of my notebooks and how I write in them.I 've always thought about Moleskines as a teenager , and I finally took the plunge recently . Never again will I ever consider purchasing a different brand of notebook.The binding , cover , and paper quality of this notebook are top-notch . The ruled lines are a perfect width . The elastic band keeps the notebook closed and prevents damage to pages should I just happen to haphazardly throw my Moleskine into my bag . The additional pocket at the back of the notebook is also great for keeping little tidbits of information , such as business cards from restaurants I want to write a short little review for.I originally started to write in my Moleskine using a Tombo Playcolor 2 black pen -LRB- available in Japan -RRB- , and the ink dried nicely . However , I recently adopted this : Sharpie Pen Fine Point Pen , 2 Black Pens -LRB- 1742659 -RRB- . These Sharpie pens are perfect for writing in your Moleskin for three main reasons :1 . The ink dries near-instantly -LRB- even faster than my Tombo pen -RRB- , leading to minimal ink-transfer and smearing .2 . Minimal pressure needed to apply ink , so your pages lie flat after writing on them instead of being wrinkled from a ballpoint pen .3 . Bold ink colors lend to great aesthetic.I 'll never use Moleskine for taking class notes in -LRB- except perhaps the thinner paperback notebooks that come in sets of 3 -RRB- , since the number of pages is overkill for most classes . I 'll use Five Star notebooks for that.But for everything else - rants , thoughts , and introspection - this Moleskin is perfect .
 I bought the lined soft back because , frankly , I suck at writing in a straight line w/out the ruled paper!I am NOT disappointed at all ! I love my first Moleskine . It goes everywhere with me in my pack for instant lyric scribbling . It 's durable , this particular one has a GREAT binding , and the size is great for daily toting.Re
 While the history is cool , the extent to which everyone drinks the Kool-Aid and gobbles it up is a bit startling to me . I suppose that those people who still care enough about the physical writing experience of pen to paper might be more inclined to romanticize it -LRB- in other words , not only great notebooks , see below , but also smart marketing , and more power to them -RRB- . I also enjoy writing , but with respect to the little 3.5 '' x 5 '' books , on a purely practical level , I like these simply because there are very few notebooks out there that provide such a high quality writing experience in such a small volume of space . The little -LRB- 3.5 '' x 5 '' -RRB- softcover is almost ideal for shoving in your back pocket and carrying everywhere , with nice , high quality paper . The covers are durable and smooth enough to still work well even after acquiring some `` character '' in your back pocket -LRB- ie they actually mold to your -LSB- ... -RSB- a bit ! -RRB- . I have n't tried a fountain pen in it ; although I enjoy writing with them , I would n't use one in this application anyway . These little books are not really for writing the Great American Novel -LRB- or the Great Novel of Your Country of Origin -RRB- , they 're more for jotting notes or to-do lists , and they work extremely well in this role . The only reason I withhold one star is the lack of a feature that would make them completely perfect for me ; a pen attachment/enclosure provision . My ideal book would be able to accomodate a thin pen in the spine , so that the book could be slid into my pocket easily with no fear of snagging or worry about whether I remembered to `` click '' the pen to retract it . I realize this would make it a bit bulkier , though . As it is , my leading pen choices for this are the Fisher Space pen or the Zebra G-301 medium point gel retractable , the former being very , very short -LRB- but a bit thicker -RRB- when capped , and the latter being very nice and skinny , but longer . Anyway , these notebooks are a pleasure to use , and though a bit costly , for how long they last me and the pleasure -LRB- and utter utility -RRB- I get from using them , they seem like a `` reasonable extravagance '' to me . I 'll go through many , many of these before I spend what I would on the cheapest PDA .
 I 've never had these little gems fall apart - but I tend not to open them flat and instead curl the cover around the back - which you would think would make it fall apart too - but I guess I do n't bend the spine - but only curl the cover around to get at my page of interest . I also tend to go through them pretty fast - so maybe they do n't get the wear and tear of being opened and closed a lot.I use both the lined and unlined ones.From the other reviews - there are clearly some durability issues - but for lightweight flexible travel use -LRB- e.g. if you 're writing on a bus in the middle of Peru -RRB- - these are fantastic because of their ability to be stashed away in any pocket/small bag and their ablility to curl it for cramped space use.I have the hardcover ones too - but do n't tend to take those when I travel as they are less flexible for sticking in odd places like pockets , and not as easy to hold in one hand while writing . I primarily use the hardcovers on desktops or tables . The hard cover can be useful too if you prefer a harder writing surface if you are writing in your lap - or in the car -LRB- not while the car is moving - mind you ! -RRB- So - based on my standard travel use , the flexi ones are my preference , but the hardcover ones have been great for me for general stay-at-home or around-the-town use . -LRB- So , perhaps use for business would probably be best served by hardcover . -RRB-
 This notebook is durable and , because of the hard cover , you will never be searching for a hard writing surface . The pocket in the back is handy for keeping a few business cards .
 Very simple way of keeping things in your head from slipping away . Cover is good , pages are easy to write on and the elastic band keeps the cover shut . When full , will order another .
 I 'd never heard of the Moleskine brand until I searched here on Amazon for an adequate notebook in which to keep my work-related notes and logs . When I came upon the Moleskin notebook , I was skeptical . After seeing all the reviews , however , I was sold ; I ordered a notebook the very next day.No surprise that Amazon fulfilled the order with incredible expediency , and I had the notepad days later.Right from the start , I knew that it was a quality item . From the orange quasi-jacket surrounding the notebook to its elastic band to the subtle MOLESKINE stamp on the back , this beauty oozes luxury.That being said , here are the pros and cons : + Solid notebook offers a solid writing surface at all times . + Elastic band keeps the notebook closed , and all items within the notebook secured . + Back pocket offers another space to hold small notes and other items . - Price is a bit steep , given how few pages you get compared with other lesser notebooks . - Pages are n't thick enough to resist bleed-through of ink from my pen of choice
 It is an awesome item , whether you want for a daily journal or for an occasional place to jot notes .
 Moleskines are usually small , portable and supposed to be your most intimate personal notebook . Your natural and greener PDA . A perfect pocket companion.The name has a history in itself . It came from a nickname that British writer Bruce Chatwin -LRB- `` Songlines '' -RRB- called his favorite notebook . The cover is made of oilcloth -LRB- vinyl-permeated cotton mesh -RRB- not leather.This one measures 51/2 '' x 31/2 '' . It has a garter that is nicely tucked inside the back leaf cover , to keep it close when not in use . The acid-free pages are thick , with lines and beige in color . -LRB- Why acid-free ? Acid-free paper preserves documents for longer periods of time -RRB- . A piece of fabric string hangs in the middle as book mark . At the back flap , inside is a pocket that expands so you put any items such as business cards , etc.Designed in Italy . Made in China .
 I 'm not sure what makes the Moleskine so special . Maybe the texture of the paper , the feel of the cover , or the cool ribbon bookmark . Whatever creates the `` special '' factor has me hooked ! I use my Moleskine for every note taking endeavor ; including staff meetings , rough drafts for speeches , coaching sessions , and book writing . In fact , I have three seperate and active Moleskine notebooks right now . I highly recommend this product to anyone who processes information through writing . The entire experience is made more gratifying by using a Moleskine.Happy writing !
 This guy is a bit on the small side -LRB- hence it 's title
 I found this terrific while traveling . I use it less at home.While we were in Peru for 3.5 weeks , even though I had a netbook and a blackberry , this small moleskin proved invaluable . It served as my , and our , durable take everywhere personal organizer . It proved the best for writing out small lists of restaurants , traveling directions , mapping out the broad itinerary in a table of the weeks , phone numbers , addresses , names , etc. . Particularly where the amount of information recorded only took a line or two per item or could be obviously listed like the three distinct lines of an address.There is a ribbon bookmark as well as an elastic band so two bookmarks . I used the elastic band to hold my current place . Sometimes I 'd have to seek back quite a number of pages for some older info I needed . I could always find it easily.The durability is amazing . I carried it everywhere , usually thrust into a front pocket . Never in my pack as I seemed to pull it out much too often . Not to mention the accordion-like back pocket for storing slips of paper , business cards , receipts , etc. I use it less at home . It 's not wide enough for some notebook like writing I have to do . I 'm going to order the xlarge kraft . In addition , there 's when going to the supermarket my list is simply on that scrap of paper stuffed into my back pocket . For visits to the doctor and so on , I take my netbook and the questions are in a spreadsheet.It predominant use now is when I go to several stores and enter what I want in each one.Also , I expect I 'll need it again soon when I visit Baltimore for the first time.A friend in a Spanish course introduced me to the moleskin and for this I can really see its value . The small , but larger , spiral notebook where I wrote down idioms , vocab , etc. was always funky . Pages would crinkle , sometimes partially separate from the spiral , the cover got creased . You know the drill . So ... 5 stars . Really , 4.7363 . But did prove so valuable !
 I do n't use if for anything artistic but I love writing in it . I bought another one immediately after finishing my first .
 This notebook was ordered for the CEO of our company . He travels every week and the size and material of this notebook work out great for his needs . He really likes the elastic strap that holds the notebook closed .
 I discovered these little Moleskine notebooks 9 years ago and have never gone back . The hardcover is durable and puts up with a lot of punishment , even getting wet . The elastic band helps keep it closed and i often end up putting things in the book that I do n't want to get bent in my purse . The ruled notebooks are nice for keeping track of notes , making lists , writing anything . the thicker drawing books are great quality and at times even better than some of my sketch books . The back pocket is nice for holding things that are too large for your wallet . I 've owned many of these books over the years and have never been disappointed .
 Beginning with build quality , I can see that this will last me ages , or at least an equivalent number of pages . I have carried this in my back pocket for a couple weeks , and aside from some creases it shows no wear . The pages are of good stock , and easy to write in . My primary use is for mightly journals and apart from the inherent lack of privacy , I am % 100 satisfied with this notebook . This notebook has filled a little void I did n't know I had .
 I received my moleskin as a Christmas gift last year . Talk about a step up from the spirals I 'm used to writing in and drawing in . I like the band to keep it closed , the comfort of the fit , and when I 'm writing in it , I 'm compelled to use my best handwriting , or at least I try to . I hope Santa brings me five next year .
 This notebook is a great way to carry your notes around . The cover is made of a hard plastic , so the book wo n't get crushed in a bag or pocket like the smaller Moleskines covered in brown paper . The pages are large enough so that your writing does n't feel cramped , and you can draw things out big enough to easily share with with others -LRB- example
 This is a quality product that fits perfectly in both a dress shirt pocket or a suit coat pocket . Further , it has a built-in pocket , perfect for keeping receipts or biz cards .
 Me encantan los cuadernos `` Moleskine '' , son de alta calidad , elegantes y ademas puedes adornarlos como gustes . Lo mismo puedes dejar su exterior del color en q vino , en mi caso negro , o como yo , puedes tomar un marcador permanente de color claro , plateado o blanco -LRB- aunque plateado tiene mas durabilidad en el cover -RRB- y hacer tu propio dise & ntilde ; o. El cuaderno puede ser algo costoso , pero para mi vale la pena ! No he tenido problemas con esta , pero tuve una en blanco q fue 1 desastre , paginas sueltas aunque no llegaron a despegarse del todo . Sin embargo , esta con lineas esta bien . / I love Moleskine notebooks , they 're high quality , elegants & you can decorate the cover as you please . Leave it plain or make it your own . With a permanent marker , either silver or white -LRB- although silver stays better on the cover -RRB- you can make your own design . Moleskine could be expensive , but for me it 's worth it ! I have n't had any trouble with loose pages , although I have a plain one Moleskine which was a disaster , but so far , this ruled one , is fine .
 I used to get Five Star notebooks all the time because they have a nice rugged cover , a lot of paper , and tend to be able to withstand a beating . While I still have fivestar for scratch paper , the Moleskin notebook is by and large both more stylish , and sturdier . From my first purchase , I 've since bought several Moleskins and have yet to be disappointed . I like that it has the built in marker , and the strap to help keep it shut . One of the most annoying things is when you are packing and a piece of paper in the notebook gets snagged and either rips or gets crumpled . The strap helps keep the papers together and combined iwth the solid-yet-flexible cover , they are well protected . The color of the paper is also softer on the eyes . It is a yellowish tint , as oppossed to stark white with blue lines.While a bit more expensive than other notebooks you may use , it 's easy to see where the money goes . The quality far surpasses other notebooks . If you are just looking for scrap paper or brainstorming paper , go with a $ 1 notebook . If you want to write notes or thoughts and keep them , this is a good buy .
 I really enjoy Moleskin . If you are considering a smaller notebook , I would recommend this one . Because its soft covered , it is easy to bend . However it is still sturdy enough to write on -LRB- even if you are n't writing on a hard surface -RRB- . I gave 5 stars because I ca n't think of anything necessarily that would even improve the product.Be aware of the size though , be sure to look at the measurements in the product information . The measurements are correct , but it is a smaller notebook .
 I stopped using my Franklin Planner and switched to a Moleskin . I used the Franklin system for nearly 20 years . But , that was before the smartphone revolution . I do not need paper to keep my appointments or calendar . So , I felt as if half of my paper planner was just for wasting paper.The moleskin has high quality paper in a thin book . I just write the date on top and use it for notes in the same way that I used to use my planner . No wasted paper -- and it is a lot cheaper .
 I have had Moleskine notebooks before , and they have always been of the best all-around quality and value ; you certainly get your money 's worth on these little gems . The pocket size is perfect for any bag or purse , which I like because I change my purses around a lot and some are considerably smaller . It 's nice to have something durable -LRB- my journals really do take a lot of punishment -RRB- that can go anywhere with me . I would recommend this to a friend , and I will definitely be buying more of these .
 Perfect size . A man can slip it easily into his pants pocket . I carry it in a small purse . Nice and slim but lots of pages due to thin paper . No prob with bleed thru either with the ballpoint pen I use -LRB- a small one I keep in a Taxi wallet which I also carry in my purse -RRB- . I carry my Moleskine Pocket Journal with me everywhere . I put a small date in the top corner of every page I start in this format
 I 've been using the Moleskin notebooks for about six years now . As a journalist , taking notes is part of the job . When I needed something sturdy , reliable and small , a friend suggested the Moleskin line.Every time I have to buy a knock-off replacement or alternate brand , either because the Moleskins are not in stock or I 'm abroad and ca n't find it , I always regret it . If you 're serious about your notes , this brand really is the best you 're going to get .
 I have several notebooks and journals for different purposes . This one I carry around in my bag most of the time . I use it for everything from jotting down ideas for creative projects to remembering appointments on the fly or taking occasional notes for a class . The black cover is sturdy so I do n't worry about it getting messed up with all the other things I carry around in my bag . It has traveled around with me for over three months and still looks like new.The paper quality is good , and although I can see that I have written on the other side of the page , the ball-point ink , from a variety of different pens , does n't bleed through enough to be a problem . The lines printed on the page are dark enough to be seen but not obtrusive . Some of my journals , in comparison , have ruled lines so light I often wander off the lines when writing . I like to be able to see the lines!Three really good features are the handy pocket in the back -LRB- I just checked it to write this review and found I had stashed a Lottery ticket in there ... . maybe this is my lucky day ! -RRB- I also like that it has both an elastic band and a ribbon bookmark so you can always find your place.For the journals and notebooks I only keep at home I prefer a more decorative look . But when I am out in public my plain black notebook makes me look like I mean serious business!Just a note
 As a graduate student , I tend to need to take a lot of notes . Previously I relied on carrying around a cheap , full-size notebook from WalMart to meetings and classes . Never again!This Moleskine notebook is beyond perfect ! The durability of the notebook allows me to carry it around all day in my back pocket and not worry about it getting damaged or ripping , as normal notebooks tend to do . The spine of the book is the perfect size to clip the pencil -LRB- Alvin & Co. . DM05 DRAFT/MATIC MECH PENCIL 0.5 MM -RRB- I bought to accompany it . I also never have to worry about forgetting my notebook and a pencil since these two are always with me now.The durability alone makes this notebook worth purchasing.My only complaint is the first page is basically wasted since about 1/8th an inch of it it is glued to the cover page . However it gives me a good place to put a Post-it tab without wasting any written-on pages . The last page also has this same issue.Having the placeholder ribbon is also a nice feature , but since I 've added Post-it tabs it is mostly unused . Perhaps once I begin writing more I will find a use for it.Overall highly recommended notebook , especially if durability and portability is your concern .
 This notebook is a dream . It is soft and inviting . The binding is perfect ... it is secure and flexible . I can open the book flat and not worry about the notebook falling apart . My ink glides on the paper . Just the right size . Beautiful cover . It also has a pocket in the inside back for storing keepsakes . I am using this notebook for journaling and it is perfect for keeping my memories in . It is heirloom quality and well worth the money .
 I can not count the amount of Moleskine we have around the house , cars , all my purse 's must even have one !! The entire family loves these and use them like we drink water !! The only thing i would REALLY recommend though to Moleskine is that the flap in the back where you can place small papers/cards/etc . , do be made with a tougher/stronger material because after a few light uses it starts to tear and i have retired a few because of that or just ripped it off and use it without the flap.Either than that its a 5 star !!
 I 've been using Moleskin Notebooks for several years and just realized that the price here on Amazon is cheaper than many retail stores . Anyway , these notebooks are a particular favorite because of the soft covers which are actually quite durable . The paper is of good quality and not flimsy like some other notebooks . I love the fact that I can stick these notebooks into my handbag and always have something classy to jot my thoughts in . I purchased a stack of these in black , but I hope Moleskin comes up with bright colors in these soft cover versions such as pink , lime , etc !
 What can I say ? These notebooks are spectacular . There 's a little pouch in the back that can hold loose papers . There 's a bookmark . The quality is superb . Anyone looking for a quality notebook should look no further - you have found what you are looking for .
 I just love Moleskine notebooks . Believe me , I did not expect to get into the hype of the brand name , but I have n't had a journal/notebook that I 've liked as much as Moleskines . It is super portable , it fits right into my purse if I want to take it somewhere . I use mine as a recipe book , so it 's super nice if I 'm cooking or baking at someone else 's home , I can just write my favorite recipes in my Moleskine and take that instead of two or three hefty cookbooks.The paper is thick and my pens , I mostly use Flair pens -LRB- a pretty heavy inked pen -RRB- , and it does n't bleed through at all.Simply , I love this notebook . It does exactly what I want it to and it 's good looking to boot !
 Great product ! The leather really is amazing and I just love the pocket in the back . It 's extremely durable and very high quality . I accidentally purchased the `` Large '' thinking it was the standard notebook paper size but that was my fault not looking at the dimensions . Still , I 've found a use for that size . My only input would be a page in the front with a table of contents like the Kikkerland LBM11 Leuchtturm Master Ruled Notebook , 8.75 x 12.5 Inch which is also offered on Amazon . I might have to purchase one just to compare . >> Update < < I just bought and received the Lechtturn Master Ruled Notebook 8.78 x12 .5 inch . Do n't bother , Moleskine is the absolute winner . Lechtturn 's notebook is a hardcover and while the leather is fine , it is n't as fine as the softcover Moleskin . Also , the size is just HUGE and impractical . The only nice thing about Lechtturn is the table of contents and the numbered pages , otherwise it is way too big , the ruling does not go from page end to page end , and is too heavy .
 Not much to say . These are very high quality notebooks . When cheap sheets just wo n't do , the Moleskine is the way to go .
 This is a solid notebook , high-quality cover and binding , much more enjoyable to write in than most other types of notebooks . This one is a small pocket size , but I have also used the larger size -LRB- like the A4 -RRB- and it is great as well . I also like the National Brand lab notebooks , but the Moleskines look a little more professional and have a sturdier feel to them .
 I love Moleskine notebooks ... they are quality , well-crafted notebooks that are perfectly sized for all note-taking . I started with their planners and have now expanded to their ruled notebooks . I 'm sure that I will be purchasing more in the future !
 I use these for taking notes during various meetings at work . I love the size and portability of it . Tucks easily into my laptop bag . I love the hard cover so I can take notes standing up , in my lap , or at a desk . I actually glue important numbers/maps inside the front and back pages that are the material of manilla file folders . The ribbon helps me keep my place in the book . No more ruled notepads with random pages everywhere . This keeps everything neat and organized so long as I put a date and topic . I just put used books on my shelf and start a new one when needed . Sometimes I refer back to old books if I need to find something . Could n't live without my moleskine .
 What a relief to find other Moleskine Journal users ; for me it has been a helpfull resource against forgetfulness , helping me have a very happy life where I do not forget anything and am able to recall the minimal detail after years of it happening.More fancy , usefull , easy to retreive , than a PC , an ipod , a cell phone , or any electronic device to be invented.Extremely elegant to be used with a fine pen.Regards fellow users !
 Entering the last third of my life , I have decided to record some of my memories , and have chosen this Moleskine notebook for the task . The size , look , and feel of the cover and paper announce that what 's within has some significance.A set ofSharpie Retractable Fine-Point Pens , 3 Packincluded a blue pen strongly reminiscent of the fountain pens I used long ago - another layer of dignity and nostalgia . If I write at a moderate pace , it does not bleed through , so the writing space is doubled compared to most other paper notebooks.A diary needs assured privacy if one is to remember and write freely of events and feelings . The notion of prying eyes feels inhibiting , if not downright frightening . I 'm not prepared to have my wife , children , or nanny browsing the intimate details of my life . Research uncovered theNV200 NanoVault with Key Lock.It 's called a GunVault , but one could as easily choose to call it a personal strongbox - so I will . With one of the foam liners removed , this very well made steel box nicely and precisely holds my Moleskine notebook and pen , with room for a passport and some credit cards as well , and even more if desired.Two screw holes in the steel bottom provide the option of easily attaching the strongbox to a wooden drawer . Alternately , the exterior strongbox size , smaller than a hardbound dictionary , makes it practical to store and carry the secured diary in a briefcase.Now I feel -LRB- physically -RRB- prepared to hold a mirror to my life .
 Durable and smooth cover , useful pocket in the back for loose items . The pages are a bit thin , my gel-ink pen bleeds through , making the pages look messy , maybe I 'm just picky .
 I got this notebook to take notes in during seminars and while reading scientific papers . The build quality is great and does n't seem to get as banged up in my backpack as other notebooks . Writing on the paper feels nice and smooth -LRB- especially with a fine-point pen -RRB- and the paper is thick enough that ink does n't bleed through too badly . There is also a little sleeve in the back for loose notes - bonus ! I 'm going to order more of these in the future .
 If you have ever used a moleskine notebook , you know that there is nothing else like it . It has a durable cover and binding that is meant to last you for the duration of its usage . You are bound to run out of pages before the binding or cover gets destroyed like normal notebooks . This is also the perfect size for a personal journal . The only downside is that you do have to pay a premium for these notebooks . For the price , you buy like 5 or more other notebooks .
 This is the best notebook I have ever come across.I love the off-white pages . Use them for everything . I keep a jounral/diary , and I have a planning notebook for my trip abroad in the fall . You can use it for any and everything . I plan on using them for my studies for notes and research.They are durable and large enough for you to write everything in , but still the right size to throw into a purse or bag.Love , love , love them .
 This is a great journal for keeping notes and sharing your thoughts.It is professional and the cover is fun to feel.If you are journal for fun or business , this is a great journal to purchase . It is worth the money.Another great journal for recording the health of a loved one is : Health History for
 This Moleskine journal is great for jotting down quick notes and lyrics . It comes nicely packaged from amazon and the binding on these books usually lasts a pretty long time without problems . This notebook is just a nudge larger than a motorola droid X for comparison .
 So im pretty new to the world of journaling , so I figured this would be the perfect tool . This notebook is better than my expectations that I had for this ! Do n't hesitate to buy this , its a great quality notebook for whatever your needs are for it . . I just picked up journaling . Im not sure why , but lately I 've been having these urges to write about my life ! So I bought this , and could n't be any better . I write with the Zebra F-701 , its the best quality pen every made ! So with that being said , buy this notebook . Also anyone that just started journaling feel free to contact me and let 's share some ideas or whatever ! : -RRB-
 I have used daily journals all my adult life . For years I used Daytimer notebooks until electronic calendars took over their most important function of keeping track of my appointments . So most of my notetaking for the past few years has been in wire-bound notebooks . My son came home for Christmas and had to find a supply of the Moleskine notebooks as that is all he would use for his work-related note taking . Based on his recommendation I ordered a couple of these hard-covered journals from Amazon , along with a Fisher Astronaut pen that I have always wanted -LRB- that 's another review -RRB- . Anyway , the Moleskine notebooks arrived and I started my daily journal in one . I like to use a fountain pen for this type of writing and the combination is superb ! In my daily business notebooks I usually only write on the right side of the pages due to ink bleeding through , and that is just with a ball-point . The fountain pen ink on the heavier Moleskine paper looks great and does not bleed through at all , letting me write on both sides and get full value out of these premium books . I am in and out of these all day and so far the elastic closer is holding up well , time will tell on that . The paper color , color and weight of the lines , all are perfect . I will likely order 2 or 3 more of these to make sure I always have one on hand .
 I love this little thing . I am a manager for a nightclub in California and I always carry this and a pen on the inside of my suit . Its tough enough where it wo n't bend or tear after abuse , small enough to slip into my suit jacket , and comes in very handy for quick notes . I highly recommend it and wo n't use anything else in the future .
 As a designer I take very seriously the look , feel and finishing quality of about everything around -LRB- and even more when getting things for myself -RRB- . And found Moleskine just the best sketch and note books on the market . Even it 's just for personal use , Moleskine delivers a high quality presentation look.The size is great for a carrying notebook , but if you have `` bigger ideas '' in mind or just ca n't help yourself writing down your notes in a few lines I 'd suggest going with the EXTRA LARGE books.Said all , it 's a Moleskine !
 This is my 4th one in 3 years . I use them for notetaking and think they are perfect . They are the perfect size , great cover , love the pocket and strap and the paper is great quality . My only wish would be for a pen loop , but you can makeshift that ...
 I 'm an engineer by trade , so i 'm use to taking an large amount of random notes for record . Perfect size , and great paper as well ! Noticed that some people felt the paper was a little cheap , but i think its fine . I write mostly in black with a MB Meisterstuck ball point and have no problems at all . Overall its the best not book for the money IMO .
 Reviewers that rated this product poorly because you accidentally ordered a wrong thing
 I had a rather large project that included the use of a glue gun and glue sticks . These sticks work great and the project went a lot faster than expected . I 've also used them for small repairs . Thanks .
 This product was just as described . It worked for me and the mini glue gun I have.I did not check the number of sticks included , but I expect it to have been accurate .
 Just as ordred . Make sure you need the MINI sized sticks before ordering this . Fits my mini glue gun well and does the job . Good price .
 they perform as any glue stick performs , melts quickly and is easy to work with.I would purchase them again
 They work just as expected . Fit my mini glue gun well . I do n't see having to buy glue sticks for a very long time , great deal !
 These glue sticks work well in both high and low temp glue guns . I am happy with this product and would purchase again .
 got here on time and Iam happy . Didnt want to spend $ 20 in gas to go to walmart and get some more .
 This Skype Voip phone does the job . You want a usb phone so you wo n't use your speakers and mic right ? Well that 's what this does . If your looking for a phone that looks nice and has advanced features and the send and end buttons actually work , then look some where else ... this is not the phone you looking for . . try looking at a usb phone that cost more than 15 dollars ! Basically this Skype usb phone works ... broadband to broaband connection the sound is just like a lan phone or cell phone , it really is , you ca n't tell a difference . I basically plugged the usb phone into my Xp pro and it worked ! Did n't have to install any drivers at all . The phone comes with no instructions , just a mini disc ... but if you know about Skype and are inquiring about getting a voip usb phone , then I 'm pretty sure you call into the category of people who dont really need instructions to install a usb device . Bottom line is that the phone works , its under 20 dollars after shipping , and that 's pretty much it ... it DOES work with Skype 2.0 I recommend it to people who just want a simple usb phone for their Skype . If you do n't know how to use the phone , find out by asking the seller for instructions or a peer ... All you have to do is install usbdialer.exe that comes with the mini disk and pick skype . Its very simple !!!!!!!
 The product is great , but the interface to Vonage softphone is challenging because the software does not load everytime . Once it is loaded and the setup is complete it works like a champ.I have used software for 2 years and this is the best addition so far.Worth the price and worth the time it takes to get it set up and much better than using a set of headphones with a mic , which was the solution I used before I got this item .
 It * is * possible to get the Send and End buttons to work with the AU-100 . Just do a web search for the software driver called X-TenMate . It offers full keypad compatibility for the popular eyebeam and X-Lite softphones . There are similar custom drivers for other softphones , including Vonage , Yahoo , MSN , Gizmo , Skype , and others .
 The product is great , but the interface to Vonage softphone is a bit stressful because the software does not load everytime . Once it is loaded you will be glad and wont be to frustrated that it took you all that time to get it to work . It is worth the price because it is much better than using a set of headphones with a mic .
 Polycom makes a full range of conference room phones , and the Soundstation Premier is their best phone . If your needs do n't justify the price of the best , then consider the plain , old Soundstation -LRB- sans Premier -RRB- . Or if you have special Voice over IP needs , then check out their seperate Soundpoint IP and Soundstation IP product lines.Are you wondering what makes the Soundstation Premier the best ? Let me explain . This system uses any where from 3 to 6 mics ; 3 mics are built into the base station , and depending on your configuration you can add 2 extension mics plus a remote mic . What is special is that the unit only uses one mic at a time by sensing which mic is picking up the best sound ; this avoids that hollow , echo sounds that you 've heard many times before on speakerphone calls.The system also features noise canceling circuitry , so many background noises are removed . Plus it is expandable with additional mics , a remote lapel mic , and even a remote speaker station . There are other niceities including an LCD display on the base unit , but in my opinion the reason to spend the extra dollars in this unit is the quality of sound . Simply put , it is spectacular.There are a few different Premier models , each one uses the same basic base unit . The Premier EX is expandable with additional mics , and the Premier is not , so plan accordingly . Select the unit most appropriate for your conference room setting -LRB- their web site has very nice guidelines on it -RRB- . In my experience , the base unit is adequate for most 8-12 person conference rooms , and larger rooms require the extension mics . I have never used the remote lapel mic or the remote speaker setup .
 Great improvement over speakerphone in the handset . Volume of speaker much higher . Can more finely adjust the volume also .
 I works beautifully . We had five board members in a conference room in Vermont and four board members scattered around the nation , 2 in Florida , another in a different location in Vermont and another in New Hampshire . All had equal participation during our nearly 2 hour boards meeting .
 The product came very fast . I plugged it in and it works very well . It is a lot less expensive than a new one.I would purchase products from this company again , if I ever had the need . Completely satisfied .
 Super great price , saved hundreds of dollars on what I was paying for that amount !
 I loev these ! Best journal/sketchbook/notetaker I 've used . Simple but with some features like the elastic and manilla pocket . This thing is gold .
 A number of people I work with have these notebooks , so I figured I 'd try one too . I got the Moleskine with graph-type paper . Very high quality construction , I 'm real pleased .
 Moleskines are useful for everything and are used for just that . Most of the reported uses seem to be more in the artsy nature , like `` jotting down dreams , '' `` sketching my cats , '' or `` looking moody in coffeehouses . '' All of those are legitimate , but my particular use is a bit more left brain . I am a business executive , and I use Moleskines for all my meetings , notes , phone calls , etc. . That way , I have all of my projects in my hand , all of the time -LRB- yes , my assistant does photocopy this from time to time for back-up -RRB- . I have found it to be very effective . The little pocket in the back is great for business cards and boarding passes , and the look of the whole thing is sophisticated with just a touch of mystery.I started out using the graph version , but found that the vertical lines messed up my penmanship - now , I am a standard ruled line guy . Overall , these are durable little books if not abused . I had one that started to come apart after too many spread-eagle photocopyings , and another that loosened up a bit after a fall - but generally , you should n't have a problem . Go ahead - join the Moleskine movement .
 Too bad , but this is one of those products we need to shop around for ... at the moment , the moleskin website has better pricing than the vendors here .
 As a computer engineer and student , I often find myself with a great solution for a program , circuit , algorithm , etc and usually I am without a means to record to ; thus , by the time I found a something to write on with , the epiphany is gone.I very surprised and pleased to discover Moleskin line of products in my campus bookstore . I decided to take a chance and purchase the large square notebook 5 '' x 8 '' which is one of few items which are not markets to teenage college students , and now I am a loyal customer . But now , I have a new journey companion.This memo notebook is well made with good quality paper that will bleed ink if you are using a fountain pen or have a heavy hand . The binding is well done ; pages only come out when decide to remove them . The cover material is very strong ; thus , you can easily write without a supporting surface and thus far , it takes drops , bending , and life in a full backpack without coming apart . Plus , the back cover has note holder pocket which can hold a few
 I use this as a business notebook and really like it . I saw a client using it , decided to try it myself , and now one of my colleagues is using it also . The simplicity and provenance of these notebooks make them `` hip '' , but not too cool to use in business situations . It is sturdy , has a page marker , and looks professional in black . The elastic band keeps the book closed and the things I put in it secure . The hardback cover makes it easy to write on in places where there is no suitable surface -LRB- e.g. my lap -RRB- . The 240 pages -LRB- counting both sides -RRB- are enough for about 4 months of notes for me . I clip my pen under the elastic band at the top of the book and find that it is held in place fairly securely . Personally , I find having a squared book makes it easier to keep things organized on a page , as opposed to a traditionally ruled notebook . The pocket in back is a great place to keep my business cards , and those of the people I meet . Although I like the size because it is small enough to fit where many traditional notebooks wo n't -LRB- airplane tables etc. -RRB- , my one request is that book be made a little larger so that you can put an 81/2 x 11 '' -LRB- or A9 -RRB- paper , folded in half , neatly in the back pocket .
 I have used a number of `` blank books '' over the years . They have been quite servicable -- some have been very good . Whether I have been living in some sort of cave , I do not know , but this is my first Moleskine . Not only is the notebook well crafted , it is also beautiful , comfortable in the hands , and much more than servicable . The pages lay flat without forcing , the binding is excellent , and the paper takes the ink nicely . This is my first Moleskine , but it will not be my last .
 I know it is a little expensive , but the Moleskine line of products are well worth it . I am a high school senior with an interest in math . I keep the Moleskine as a book to write down advanced math that I teach myself for later reference .
 I love the graph paper moleskin blank book journal . The elastic cover guard protects it from falling open when I toss it into my backpack . because of the graphic squares I can sketch pictures , write small or large , make charts and even map out places and events as I travel . I also keep one as a daily journal . I use it in my business to keep track of orders , work sceduals and other important data . A great book for anyone that likes writing in journals and keeping scheduals . I even use it as a my GYM/WORK OUT JOURNAL . I recommend it .
 I had to do some hunting on Amazon until I found exactly what I was looking for , and I found this handy dandy notebook . I wanted something that i can write in , that would stand up to being juggled in my carryall without getting damaged and look stylish and not flashy . This will be a repeat purchase as I plan to order more of these , and i also have the small pocket sized notebook . For this I give 5 stars , wish I could give it ten . Thanks !
 This was the most amazing little book i 've even had . While in South America I saw one of my friends from Europe using this and I though it was the most amazing little thing . When I got back it was one of the first things that I purchased and I have n't let it away from me .
 This notebook is of highly durable yet refined construction . It is small enough to not be cumbersome during travel , and big enough to serve for most -LRB- if not all -RRB- of the year .
 Excellent learning tool ! The kids love the big shapes per alphabet . they are so easy to read .
 How wonderful to be able to easily locate and then order a discontinued product using Amazon when it really matters , and this was no exception . These handy , under-counter , flourescent lights were packed real well before being shipped to my address in Canada and as a plus , they arrived promptly , as expected .
 I have use the GE Bright Stick for many years for my work bench . I have usedit for many years . It last long too . I was able to find the replacement atAmazon.com , shipping was fast . Very satisfied . I would recommend this productwho is in need of it .
 this tubelight is good . you would need 2 of these in one room to make it appropriately bright though ...
 Easy to put up light source . Does put off some heat . Lasts a long time . Completely self contained with thumb switch on cord . Have used them for 10 years . Last about a year .
 I purchased the G.E. Bright Stick because I needed a bright light to install under the kitchen cabinets over a portion of the counter . I wanted a light that was easily installed and could just be plugged into the available electric outlet and turned on and off as needed . The G.E. Bright Stick does this job in an excellent manner.The order was easy to place , and the order acknowledgment was received promptly . The Bright Stick was delivered on time and in perfect condition .
 My local home store told me these were no longer available . I needed this for the vanity in my bathroom . Searched Amazon and found it . I always look here first .
 Getting this from Amazon was a whole lot easier than driving all over town ! Price was fair , and service was good .
 These lights are `` disposable '' in that you do NOT replace the bulb . The upside is that the mounting clips can be reused when the original unit fades out - you just pull the old one off , disconnect the cord , then snap a new one in its place . The bad news is that they are rarely sold locally , so you have to buy them here from whichever purveyor is offering them at whatever price at the time - and it varies trmendously . I always keep a spare on hand , since they die out every few years of being on full time in our kitchen under a cabinet .
 We love these lights . We live in an older home and wanted undercabinet lighting , and waalaaa ! With these easy to install lights we got it . Excellent product and very versatile & easy to install in any area where light is needed .
 This was the perfect match to the previous light I had which needed replacing . I just had to take down the old one and replace it with the new one ! Thanks ! It works great underneath my kitchen cabinets .
 We have had a Brightstick light over our sink for years . When it went out recently I started looking for one . I was so happy to find it on Amazon . I am very happy with mine and I am sure you would like it also .
 I bought several of these in one shipment . I was unable to find them in hardware stores . I also looked at the big W and K stores , no luck . It is an all-in-one unit , so you ca n't just buy a replacement bulb . It is very convenient for over-the-sink and under-the-cabinet lighting . We are very pleased with this product and we are the kind of people that if you find something that works , you do n't need to change it .
 This is my purchase . This light satisfied our needs . Was purchased for the vanity for my wife and she is happy with it .
 I 've used GE Light Stiks for years as security lights . The one I 've used in the office for decades is installed on the window top sill so it lights my desk and shines outside , providing a security light . I leave it on 24/7 and because there is no thermal shock it lasts a long time -LRB- 8 plus years -RRB- .
 I bought this light stick to replace one that was installed 5 years ago . It is used in a darkened area and because it plugs in , installation is simple and it can be placed anywhere you like with no difficulty .
 We have used this product for several years -- used to get them for $ 15 from Walmart , but they have apparently replaced them with the old style undershelf design , which requires replacement bulbs.One thing I like about them is that you can mount them so the light does n't shine in your eyes . Also , I put aluminum foil on the shelf above -- behind one of the two tubes I use -- to reflect more light .
 We have a dish hutch that was my grandparents and we put a bright stick in 20 some years ago and changed the shelves to glass . Makes a beautiful setting for the hutch and my ancestors dishes . This was the fourth stick and we could no longer find locally as we had before.Thank you Amazon for carrying this bright stick light .
 allows me to see what i 'm doing at the kitchen sink . Saves a lot of trying to move so the other lights in kitchen are not as necessary .
 Simple solution for light without much energy . Great for use over a stove , In a laundry room or to take camping and hang for a reading or task light.They last for four or five years if used daily .
 What can I say about the bright sticks ? I ordered several of these GE 12257 Bright stick instant fluorescent lighting , 25 tube , 6-ft . cord , because I use them in my kitchen under the overhead cabinets . The price is definitely right , much cheaper than full price . They arrived in fine shape although there was a bit less packing material in the box than I would have liked . Apparently it was adequate .
 I 've used these lamps as a reading light over my bed for years - they last about 5 years , and when the last one ran out I was recuperating at home from surgery and dreaded having no reading light and not being able to go out and buy one . Actually you ca n't buy these in the stores , and this was the second time I 've bought one over the Internet - it worked out perfectly again - item well packed , too !
 This is the third Bright Stik I have used and they are great . I have my computer in a loft location with weird outlet placement and limited space , so this latest light is the perfect solution , and the second one I have used here . I can move it around when I change computer components and/or configurations . I also keep it plugged in to the UPS so I can always have at least one light when the power goes out - a frequent occurrence during summer thunderstorms here in the Southeast.GE 12257 Bright stick instant fluorescent lighting , 25 tube , 6-ft . cord
 We have this product hanging in our closet and it works great ! It was there when we moved in , over 4 years ago and it just burnt out . So , we took it out and did some research . We were very happy to find the same lights on Amazon and purchased another one immediately . We highly recommend this product .
 The lamp sets up pretty quick and provides good local light for work benches . I use it for work and set two at a time for prover inspection of product . Good value and fast solution for low light conditions .
 I have used the GE Bright Stick for years for more counter light . A year ago I could n't find a replacement , so I purchased a different product -- hated it , did n't give off the light that the Bright Stick did -- so I started searching for what I wanted . Found the Bright Stick through Amazon , it was shipped quickly , arrived in good conditiion and now I 'm happy again ... let there be light !!
 Product was as described , and arrived safe & sound , packed well , in a timely manner . Cost was considerably less than I could find anywhere else too .
 I did not actually use this item yet , but I have used other bright sticks from GE . They are easy to install and give plenty of light and have lasted years for me . This one I have as a spare . We are using one less wide for the kitchen sink area and it is a fine light .
 I 've used the GE Bright Sticks as under-counter lighting in our kitchen for years . Unfortunately , GE appears to be discontinuing this product in retail stores , so obtaining them online seems to be the only option . Hopefully , I will be able to continue to get them from the Internet for the foreseeable future , since the offerings in the stores will require a new set of installations in the kitchen , which I would like to postpone as long as the Bright Sticks are available .
 THE PHOTONS GENERATED IN THIS PHOSPHOR TUBE ARE BRIGHT INDEED . NOT A DULLARD AMONG THEM . THEY BOUNCE WITH VIGOR AND ENERGIZE THE PHOTO RECEPTOR CELLS IN MY PHILODENDRON ADEQUATELY TO STIMULATE MITOSIS . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TUBE IF IT IS ELUCIDATION YOU SEEK .
 I only use these binders occasionally and they hold up . I personally would n't recommend it if you 're going to be opening it frequently and if it 's full - it looks like it 'd break . Going a size up might help with that issue or just check other the heavy duty PVC free binders .
 My son uses these for college . They are sturdy , he is very hard on his binders , and the pockets are important for him to put handouts , loose papers etc. . The one inch binder is roomy to get him through an entire semester and hold all his homework etc. .
 This is a great little binder for the price !! Could n't be any happier for the work that I do . you want something that works , then this is for you .
 Regular binder holds papers nothing special . Clear flaps on the inside to carry you 're non 3 hole punched papers . Good binder for the price .
 it is very good ! I like it . Greatly help me organize papers . Improve the productivity . The cover is hard enough to protect papers inside .
 I buy this product for keeping documents at home . I 'm not taking it to anywhere . So it is a nice , solid one . I do n't need to worry about broken .
 Recently decided that I had way too many documents -LRB- bank/cc statements , insurance paperwork , etc. -RRB- laying around the house and decided it was time to get organized . This looked like a pretty good binder so I ordered several . Imagine my surprise when they arrived , I opened them up and suddenly ... women just started falling out . I mean , these binders were full of women . My wife walked in right after the package arrived . I 've been sleeping on the couch for a week now .
 I use this binder to keep all of my recipes neat and organized , for those days when my live-in cook/housekeeper is out in the stable mucking out my dressage horses ' stalls or scrubbing the dog poo off the top of one of my many Cadillacs .
 When reviewing a 3-Ring Binder , there 's really not much you can say . The binder either works or it does n't and it 's either durable or it 's not . There 's also the price factor and if the binder comes with any extras . This 3-RING BINDER from Acco-Wilson is a typical , one-inch 3-Ring Binder . It works well for its size , has a sleeve pocket in the front and back , is rather durable . I 've used these binders for work , school , and personal use and have never had a problem with them . The only negative is that these binders are a bit expensive . There not at all different from most binders available at retail stores that sell for about a half to a quarter of the price that they are sold for here at Amazon .
 This binder was the best price I have found for the size and function . It was used to hold the owner 's manual of a new laptop and it works beautifully . Could not be happier . Also a green product , no PVCs . Good purchase .
 This is a Three-Ring Binder . Done . It opens . It closes . It keeps your 3-hole-punched papers in place.You can put pretty pictures and notes and baubles in the front and back so everyone knows what your dog looks like or what your fortune cookie told you at lunch yesterday.Or if you 're more business-centric , put a title page in there for your TPS reports.All-in-all , it 's just a binder .
 I got these for my twins who are going into first grade . They will be using them as a writing journal to keep all of their writing work . They are perfect for them . The front cover has a clear plastic slipcover that will allow my girls to create their own pictures to slide inside and they can change it as often as they like . It 's a great way to help give them ideas to write about .
 Easy to use with S.P. Richards Company Adjustable 3 Hole Punch , Adjustable , 1/4 &#34; Size ... I have use it for some course 's notebook .
 This binder is just perfect for teaching my class and keeping my place as I go along . Excellent organization for any cause and the perfect size so as not to be bulky .
 I bought this for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks at Fry 's Electronics -LSB- ... -RSB- . I set it up in about 10 minutes on my WEP enabled WIFI network , and was making calls in about 15 minutes . Clear call quality , I will be taking this phone with me when I travel to save my cell phone minutes .
 I generally like this product however ; it does drop calls and I ca n't seem to update the software ... from 2007 which may fix the dropping thing ...
 I read a lot of people responding bad about the battery life and rubber flap over the charger but I have n't had a problem with either and love the phone . Yeah , its not the same quality as a lot of cell phones out there but I do n't have any problem talking on it and using it . I talk to my girlfriend in Russia -LRB- St. Petersburg -RRB- from D.C. area and a lot of times its sounds better than a calling card over a cell phone . If you are looking to use this at your house and not expecting it to work everywhere else -LRB- starbucks , hotels , etc -RRB- then its great . No complaints .
 This phone sets up quickly , and delivers what is promised . A reasonable clear phone connection from free WiFi areas . I 've had mine for about 4 days now and made 8 or 10 calls while `` roaming '' on my bicycle . I can usually find a free WiFi area by checking large shopping center areas or pulling up next to a large apartment complex ... I have a Linksys CIT400 Skpye phone for use in my home office , and leave that running while using my Belkin WiFi ... All features work with both phones ... i.e. Voicemail , Call , etc are received by both phones simultaneously.The main use I see for the WiFi phone -LRB- for me -RRB- , is when traveling out of the country . I plan on using WiFi spots in South American and other countries to make free phone calls back tot he USA.Pros : Free phone callsSounds as good as my cell phoneImports all Skype contacts -LRB- easy editing of contacts on computer -RRB- Work in parallel with other Skype access -LRB- computer , CIT400 , etc -RRB- Cons : Wo n't work with WiFi that need browser to connect -LRB- agreement forms , etc -RRB- Drops a call every now and then.My conclusion is Belkin has delivered what was promised . And , if your expectations are reasonable , you wo n't be dissapointed . Really easy to use.Regards - Bob Griffith -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 'm updating this review . I 'm apparently not allowed to change the number of stars or I 'd drop it to zero.I ended up stomping on this phone and crushing it 's plastic body under my heel , which was recommended by a friend and also by example of the printer in `` Office Space '' . It simply dropped calls , all the time , and for no good reason . Save your money and skip this junk . Completely unnecessary.I did n't bother with the Boingo Hot Spot Manager , if I wanted another monthly bill I 'd have stuck to Comcast ! With Skype , you can pay around $ 50 a year for the service and number . That 's not a month , but a year .
 I wanted to get this phone because I spend a lot of time at a vacation home in San Felipe , Mexico . I have a Tel Cell phone that cost me $ 2 a minute to call the states . With the Wi-Fi phone it cost .021 cents per minute . We have a great wireless router and we talk all the time with no problems . This works great for our family . I think it will pay for itself within just a few vacationing weekends .
 I bought the Belkin to help me with Skype access in three different office locations . The phone automatically works in all three locations , and each location has a different security key -LRB- WEP -RRB- . The only drawback is that we use Skype chat a lot , and the phone does n't support that . The other Skype users get a message that I am using a version of Skype that does n't support chat , so its not a big problem , but I would like to at least receive my chats.Voice quality is as good as a cell phone , except for a few network thruput problems -LRB- happens with Skype on a PC too -RRB- . The battery last 1-2 days usually , mostly two days . Since the battery recharges thru a standard USB port -LRB- and has a plug-in recharger -RRB- , I can recharge it in the car lighter socket , wall socket , and off my laptop computer . I have the car lighter socket recharger from a different product .
 I too was awaiting this -- for many months . It works well so far on my home network . Have n't taken into the big bad world yet . Sound quality is fine -- the person on the other end sometimes hears an echo , but overall good . I wish there were some controls on the side of the phone to get into a memorized setting , or an indicator for voicemail . Wish the screen did n't smudge as much . Wish the battery laster longer . And last but certainly not least , I wish it had a cradle . That 's a biggie . But it 's cool and I 've bragged about it to a few people , which hopefully enhances my reputation as cool phone guy.The keypad and display are nicely done . And Skype has a deal running through January for unlimited calling for $ 30 for a full year . Go to their site to find out more.It 's fun to snub your nose at the traditional phone companies . I just hope they do n't laugh when my house burns down because I could ' t dial 911 .
 I am in love with this Phone !! After waiting for this phone to come out for months it does not dissapoint . The Black design is sleek and screen is bright and clear . The user interface is very easy to use and it makes calling your skype buddies fun and easy . I showed my mom who has never even used skype before and she was able to call my sister who is away at school without my help at all . Showing my friends this phone has definitely created some converts to this new technology that is going to be huge . Overall with this phone being 50 dollars cheaper than netgears , and the fact that it uses Boingo software to connect to its 60,000 hotspots worldwide , buying this phone was a no brainer . I Recomend this phone to anyone that likes to keep in touch with friends and family over long distances , a skype fan , or to anyone looking for the next coolest gadget to show off to all their friends .
 This is a value purchase . Phone numbers are stored and calling out is easy from an open network . However , in downtown San Francisco I could never find an open network to make a call . Also it should have a charger like other phone rather than a plug .
 Buen telefono Wi-Fi ... . funciona bien , facil configuracion y rapida conexion a la red.El aparato es levemente mas grande , mas liviano -LRB- demasiado para mi gusto -RRB- y de una construccion menos solida comparado con un telefono celular actual , los botones y el stick de navegacion funcionan OK.La calidad del sonido es buena y las llamadas en general se logran sin problemas , manteniendo las limitaciones propias que se encuentran tambien al usar Skype conectado a traves de un computador.La unica deficiencia es la duracion de la bateria ... . en general no mas de 48 horas con un uso moderado.Por ultimo destacar su utilidad para estar conectado telefonicamente las 24 horas del dia a todo el mundo , a un bajo costo , sin la necesidad de tener el computador encedido .
 Does Exactly what it suppose to do , i have the Unlimited Country USA Plan , and i currently live overseas , so its perfect when i go to WiFi spots , so that i can call back to the USA and receive calls as if i was back home .
 Great to be wireless , I can walk around the house and talk on skype , When I 'm away from home I just connect to an available network and call my friends , nice to be without my laptop to make skype calls!R .
 It 's very , very easy to set up and works better than I expected . I 'm sure it 's exactly the stuff I wanted and I 'm very happy with it . Thanks `` Amazon.com '' !
 This phone -LRB- along with Skype low cost in and out service -RRB- has allowed me to replace my land line and reduce the number of cell minutes I use , a savings of almost $ 50 a month . For those of you that have not used Skype lately they have pretty much eliminated any delay or static and the calls are now comparable to any cell phone . The only reason I have not rated it 5 stars is that the battery lasts only around 24 hrs and the phone occasionally looses its contact with the Wi-Fi service for a few seconds . This can happen even when the phone is stationary . Bottom line is this phone is well worth the money and will pay for itself quickly if you maximize its use .
 This is an excellent little Skype phone which I guess is designed for travel but is perfect for my bedroom . It has clear sound , responds very quickly and has a loud ringer.It is stylish and though it lacks a base cradle , it charges from a wall plug -LRB- via its mini USB slot -RRB- or from a computer but does NOT need to be connected to a computer to work.I have used this all over my house with no connectivity problems at all.I am truly impressed ! A must if you plan to switch to Skype !
 I have had my phone for about a month now and am very happy . The configuration was easy and only took about 5 mins , the battery life is excellent , and the sync between adding , renaming , removing contacts from either the phone or computer is excellent . And most of all the sound quality is just like a cell phone it 's next to perfect . This one item has saved me over two hundred dollars this month alone just form my wife talking to her mom on it verses the cell phone . The one inconvenience that I noticed was when my WIFI would cut out randomly -LRB- as they do some times -RRB- the phone would notify me with a very obnoxious tone but I was able to disable the audio notification of loss of network and all is good .
 Picked up my Router and only had to enter the WEP Key it was that simple . Great sound , Stable connection I highly recommend this product . Ca n't wait to try other WiFi connections other then my own .
 Maybe some of the previous reviewers of this phone had a terrible spate of bad luck or something . However , my experience so far with this phone has been extremely positive . After trying it out for the first time today , I must say that I am extremely delighted with my purchase . At the very first free hot spot which I stumbled upon , -LRB- from the parking lot -RRB- I phoned many of my friends using SkypeOut and ALL of them remarked that the sound quality was excellent . And during this time , I experienced none of the problems mentioned previously -LRB- ie
 After waiting for a good 6-8 months , the Belkin Wi-Fi Phone for Skype has arrived ! The anticipation has been killing me , but the phone is finally here!The features on the phone are simple and the user interface is very nice . Size may be an issue to some , but it is still a very nice phone . Sound qualities has n't been an issue . But it 'll get better as the firmware on the phone will be released in a couple of months , according to many of my friends who work at Belkin.I got it at an unbelievable price , for about $ 130.00 on amazon , at last minute . But , if you are always on the go , and a wi-fi network is available to where you are going , than this phone is for you !
 For some one who is used to using the headphone monkey suit in order to use SKYPE calls from foreign countries back to the US . This phone doeswhat it is supposed to.For those of you who are not used to VOIP calls , you will be disapointed no matter what.Sure , there is a latency sometimes , but that is normal and it has to do with your WIFI and internet connections . FIX THEM , and then your call will real nice . I know this because I live in a WIFI world and speed is my friend.I have used the phone many times and I charge it when I have to . You ca n't leave this phone on over night , because its a small battery . But for day 's use of calls , its plenty of battery.My only complaint about this phone would be its realy small and plastic keys . The outside is definitly strong and bold , but the keys are weak looking and will probably break with in a year or so . I bought it for $ 179 when it was hard to find . Now its getting cheaper . Oh well.And just to be on the safe side , I picked up a 2yr service replacement plan . I am glad I bought it too , because I can almost bet those keys will be the first thing to go .
 I have had this product for a month now and have used it to call people all over the USA and have not had any problems . My secure wireless connection at home is on 24/7 and I can pick up my Belkin Wi-Fi phone at any time and it never once did not make a connect . Set up was way too easy . I got into the Skype plan when they offered $ 14.95 unlimited calls to USA and Canada for a year . Great plan and great phone . Two of my friends that have used it are going to get one .
 I thinks this is the best for internet phone you can go on every public wi-fi quick and with very good reception
 The phone was easy to set up and works perfectly -- no more being tied to the computer . The battery lasts less than 2 hours . I contacted Belkin and was told they do n't sell replacement batteries for backups . I was able to find a similar battery with charger on ebay . It 's a camera battery and I did n't see any similar sold in the U.S.
 at first thought it would not work out here in the booneess in Goose Creek but was suprized just walking to the supermarket got to pick from 3 wifi connections the phone work better than expected thanks skype and belkin
 The Belkin Skype Phone is very easy to use . The only comment is that the recipient of calls hears some echoes .
 I 'm sorry for what I said in my previous review . I could n't believe that the phone was a hoax . Then I decided to contact Belkin ' Technical support and explained the problem I was facing with the phone . It 's very hard to get through over the phone -LRB- 1-800-223-5546 xt . 2263 -RRB- to get assistance , so I decided to try in spanish . Finally a technitian explained to me what was wrong . I had to download and update the software in the phone . Once that was done , the telephone -LRB- in the meantime -RRB- is working wonderfully . The Technitian name is Fernando , although he is not very patient , but very knowlageable . Sincerely I would like to thank him for bringing the telephone to life . Be aware that the instruction in Belkin 's website to update are not very accurate . By one hand it says to connect the USB cable , and later on says you did n't have to , and to connect it in a later stage . In any case , as I said earlier , the telephone is working fine .
 So far everything about this phone is great ... except that there is no keypad lock . I keep hitting buttons and calling contacts by accident while the phone is in my pocket . Is there a lock feature that I ca n't find ????
 My Belkin Wi-Fi Skype phone arrived within te specified delivery time . Products was new and in original packaging , complete , with instructions and all necessary cables and connectors.The Belkin Skype phone has proven to be 100 % of what it is claimed to be : + Easy to use + Incredibly cheap to operate.I am travelling internationally very extensively . I have now used the pone in 5 different countries and probably about 20 different Wi-Fi areas . It picks up the signals very easily , and when connection has been established once , re-connects without any problem.My phone costs to call home have gone from $ 2.29 a minute with my traditional cell phone , to less than $ 2.00 per hour !!! Only drawback , I spend too much time on the phone ... LOL
 The Belkin Skype phone works as advertised . The range is n't great -LRB- about 10 yards compared to 30 for my laptop -RRB- but adequate . It would be nice to be able to easily make conference calls but I really ca n't complain about this handy little gadget . I should add that unlike Skype on my PC the skype on this phone never crashes .
 I have been able to connect to a few hotspots , but whenever I dial a telephone number it comes up invalid . I have not been able , my own lack of ability , to actual make a call as of yet to truly rate this product . I do love the idea of flexibility in being able to make calls when I am away from my computer .
 I 've been using this phone for about a month now , at home , office and on the road . Smoothly connected to WEP enabled 2-wire router , 2 Hotel MAC filtering routers , T-Mobile Hot Spot , and a multitude of unsecured networks . Wifi sensitivity and range exceed my HTC TyTn . Have used it outside the U.S. for calls back home . Wife is so comfortable with it that she now uses it at home to save on long distance charges . I have yet to determine if it can/will generate DTMF tones after the call is connected . -LRB- Auto attendant curse -RRB- . Ocasionally caller on the other end reports that they hear an echo during the call . I have been sufficiently impressed by this phone during the test period that I have now ordered 2 more for use in the office .
 The first one I bought did not work well , so I returned it . However I bought three more after that because I used it for connecting with my family at various parts of the world and various times . although it disconnects every time the internet connection fades away it reconnects right away and we can resume our conversation . It is wonderful for people with family in different parts of the world until they discover a new communication method safer than skypeall the best
 For the faint of heart who leap into the world of Skype with this phone will do well to remember to get a top quality Wireless N type router . Although it will do well with the regular G routers , N is preferable.Pros
 Way-easy-to-use . Solid reception . Sounds tinny one-out-of-ten times used ... Pretty darn-good ; virtually everytime . Obviously you need to be in / near a WiFi local ... And , you 'll need the $ 3 per-month SkypeOut program to call other / non-WiFi phones ... But the Belkin phone is terrific .
 I bought this phone about two weeks ago and have used it to call across the country numerous times and to England on a few occasions . Initially , many of the calls seemed to have a faint echo in the background , but after a few minutes I never heard it again . People on the other end of the line made no comment as to the connection being bad . I reduced my home service substantially and am using this phone and Skype exclusively for long distance . I was able to get unlimited calling in the U.S. and Canada for $ 15 per year , what a deal . As others have posted , the battery is not the best , but that is the price that you pay when having it work with the 802.11 g wireless system . I just leave the phone on the charger pretty much until I am going to use it and have not had a problem . It seemed to be very easy to get working , but I did have a glitch with the WPA protocol . It said it would n't recognize my network . However , later with no changes it did recognize the system and has worked flawlessly ever since . I did update the firmware , and this may have been the reason it worked . So far , so good and I am very happy with the phone .
 The Belkin Skype Phone does exactly what it claims ; acts as a standalone Skype node when connected to a nearby WiFi hotspot . The calls are clear , the battery life is good , it can store your Skype contacts - all very handy . Do n't expect it to do much else that mobile phones do , though - there 's no camera , no audio or video players , no storage -LRB- other than the friends list etc. in RAM -RRB- , no address book , extra wallpapers , ringtones ... The enclosed USB cable ca n't be used for syncing or to use it as a USB handset when WiFi is unavailable ; it 's only for recharging the handset from a USB socket when the charger 's out of reach.Perfectly capable item , but completely frill-free .
 I do not know much about wireless phones , it seems to work well . . It needs a case . It 's design allows it to be turned on to easily without one .
 So far this phone has worked well . I bought it to use on my secured wireless network and it does a good job connecting to Skype . I do n't intend to take it on the road to use in hotels , but I assume it would work ok .
 Great product . I received it very fast . Phone has good range in detetecting wifi signal . Great for what I need it for .
 I used this phone for more one year . I can talk to my wife anywhere through any available unsecure wireless network or broadband like in the mall , coffee shop , at the park , hotels , airport and etc.The easy to connect and can reached to morethan 20 meters range even there is concrete wall.The sound quality is as good as the normal phone . Highly recommended for those people who are away and to like to keep in-touch with there family.Battery life depends on how often you used but it can reached up to 3 hours continues used . Sometimes there is echoes but it does n't bothered me .
 I purchased this phone for use as a home phone . The phone is great ! It has a bigger display then my old cell phone :-RRB- It is super easy to use and connects perfectly with my WiFi network . I have a quite secured WiFi network -LRB- Windows XP has trouble connecting , but this phone went right through . Sound quality is great over the phone , has a good ringer , so you can hear it far off , downloads contacts from my Skype account , so I do not have to enter each one.I only have a few problems , but they are not bad , I wish it had speaker phone , I wish you could program Country code and area code in , and that is it , not really problems but more wishes ... This is a great replacement from my home phone , for what I paid a month to ATT , will get me a year worth of Skype . The Skype service does not offer 911 , but I just went in and programmed an Emergency contact , and found the number to my local 911 provider.So far loving the phone , if anything changes I will let you know , but so far so good !!
 We have skype at home and use this phone as a portable extension , but also take it one the road . We just came back from Israel . There were unsecured hotspots everywhere and we were able to keep in touch with friends and family at home easily and cost-free . We were also able to call people and businesses in Israel at nominal cost.When the phone is on standby the battery runs down in about 24 hours , a lot faster than most cell phones . Longer charge life would be helpful . It also will occasionally lose its connection even though the signal is good . Although it quickly re-establishes the link , a call may be interrupted in the process . This is a problem that needs some attention.Given satellite connectivity , it would be truly sensational.I see an item ` tag this product ' below , which I do n't understand , so I 'll have to skip it .
 This phone does exactly what it says it will do . It is simple to set up and super simple to use . Before I went to Mexico for vacation , I loaded my skype account with about $ 20 . This would allow me to call home via Skype to landlines . -LRB- Skype to Skype is always free -RRB- . Whenever I wanted to call home , I would turn on the phone at the hotel . As soon as I turn on the phone , even from my room , the phone asks what network you would like to join . I joined the hotel network with one click and I could now make calls . The calls were crystal clear sounding , and might I add , very cheap . Calling from the Skype phone to a pc was even better ... Free ! And all the while , I could be in my hotel room , or lounging by the pool instead of being tied to a computer while I made calls . This is a great way to be able to use Skype without having to lug around an expensve laptop , microphones , and earpieces , which can be cumbersome.I loved this product so much , I bought another one for my son who is doing volunteer work in Chile this summer . He has been able to use this phone successfully from hotels , restaurants , and anywhere there is wifi.I would definitely recommend this product .
 Works as advertised . With a one year skypeout for about $ 29 I get US and Canada for a year . Sent one to my daughter who lives in Texas . She has skype in and out for less than $ 70 a year and no other phone service . I 've accessed wifi from Futureshop as well as various locations around town . It works and is easy to use . I 'd almost think it was an Apple product .
 I have been using this phone for 1 week now . The instructions state that it will operate about 90 meters -LRB- 300 feet -RRB- from the access point . I have been able to access networks at this distance and further . When I do a network scan the number of networks it pulls in is unbelievable . My laptop and PDA ca n't even pull in some of these networks.The voice quality is superb , there is no echo on my end or on the receiving end . There is however a very slight delay between callers at times . You should have a least 2 signal bars to have a problem free conversation.The battery does not last a super long time but on a full charge it lasts in stand by for over two days . I have had many conversations without it going dead . For people worried about battery life , you can pick up a spare battery for it for about $ 10.00 bucks online.I purchased the Skype out for $ 14.95 and the skype in for $ 38.00 . On most any block you can find a unsecured Internet connection . Who cares that it does not have a browser for the coffee shops that require a terms of agreement , chances are there is someone nearby that coffee shop broadcasting the Internet for free.Only one draw back is the touch tones when pushing the buttons are not recognized by most automated services.It has an earpiece jack and btw the little plastic cover covering the charger port and ear piece is not that flimsy , with care it will last the life of the phone.For the people worried about scratching or smudging the beautiful screen , just get PDA or cell phone screen cover . The screen coveters do n't cost that much and do protect the screen.This is the Best WIFI phone on the market so far . I do n't know where these bad reviews are coming from , maybe some people got a bad phone and should return it for an exchange or their Internet connection is not good.I have been all over the city and its like having a free cell phone , when one Internet connection drops there is another one to pick up!I recommend this phone over any other WIFI phone .
 It works like a cell phone around house with 802.11 network connection . It is convenient and you can call people around-the-world with cheap phone bills . However the product was poorly made with back cover as thin as a paper . I broke the back cover when I trid to open it up to install the battery . I called the Belkin and try to get a replaced back cover . They asked me to send back the whole phone . I explained to the support quy that I just need a back cover and my phone worked fine . But he follow the book and I must send the phone in order to get the back cover replaced.My recommendation if you can find a similar phone and under $ 100 get it . So far Belkin maybe the only one under $ 100 .
 I read all the reviews of this and other wi-fi phones posted on Amazon , and settled for this model . I 'm happy with my purchase . I 'm deployed to Iraq , and even with the less than desireable internet availability here , the phone works just fine 95 % of the time . When it does n't work , it 's because of the slow connection available here -LRB- a group of us have satellite internet , but it 's still not the most reliable connection -RRB- . When the connection is good , the phone works perfectly , clear voice with very minimal delay , if any . I can imagine how well this phone must work elsewhere where the internet infrastructure is more reliable than in Iraq .
 I recieved my Belkin Wi-Fi phone about a week ago and will be dropping my home phone service at the end of the month . However , I will be keeping my cell phone pay as you go plan . This is because I can not get a Canadian number from skype . So I have a Michigan number which is local to my sister . When I make calls from Skype it looks like I am calling from my cell phone . There is a slight delay in using the phone but it is easy to anticipate and conversations go smoothly . On rare occasions I have gotten a bad connection , solved by hanging up and calling back . The phone has no bells and whisltes . No camera , surfing the net etc. . It is a basic phone , which is fine by me . It is easy and straight forward to use . Set up is easy . The screen attracts dust , dirt and greese like mad but not a problem once I put a LCD screen protector on . 3 for 10 loonies at best buy . I have had no problem using it around town . It connects at McDonalds , Starbucks , all the hotels I have stopped at and when driving around town I can usually find an unsecured network . Setting it up at home was as easy as typing in my WEP passkey . It must be recharged everyday . Enough said . I am thinking about getting a usb charger for the car . I have seen them at Best Buy . This phone is going to save me $ 720/year . How can anyone agrue with that . I love this phone and when Skype starts providing Canadian local numbers I will drop the cell phone as well .
 Product works great but my primary reason was to use when traveling international . I even bought a travel wireless hub but can Skype from computer but China telecom 's wo n't let you connect the phone ! Check out limited countries where you can connect .
 I originally bought this book for a friend of mine since she likes to draw . The notebook small enough to fit in her pocket , so if she ever has a idea pressing in on her she can whip it out and let her creativity take her . There 's also a small pocket on the inside of the back cover . Very convient for stashing money or miscellanious -LRB- sorry not a great speller -RRB- things . I 'm thinking about getting the agenda varient to it . Oh ! Almost forgot ! There 's a rubber band that wraps around it to keep everything inside . I 've got to get one for myself , and I think I 've got my friend hooked on it too . ; p
 As an artist , I ca n't predict when inspiration is going to strike and so I have learned to carry a small sketchbook with me everywhere . This one is almost perfect . The paper is heavy duty , the sketchbook is lightweight , and the quality is excellent . The only thing that I could possibly wish for would be that the cover be a bit more flexible . However , I would not want to sacrifice the quality for the flexibility . Every artist should make it a habit to carry one of these around !
 Product was given as a gift and recipient loved it ! Thank you for timely delivery and confirmation .
 I like the size , hate the price , and love the paper in this sketchbook . I 've bought several and really like the small size for it 's portability .
 This is a great little drawing book . the pages are great ands the size is just right for a pocket . This is moleskin # 4 for me having used a larger size and this size . I just love it . I find myself not only drawing in it but also keeping all types of notes and shopping/to lists in it . In short just get one .
 I use these notebooks to write my journal . I know that this is a SKETCHBOOK , it has blank thick pages which makes it awesome to write with any ink without bleeding into the next page.It in not very small , not very big , it fits your coat inner pocket with no problem .
 Esta libreta es lo mejor para salir de viaje o a la calle y tomar apuntes o bocetos r&aacute;pidos , las hojas son gruesas y aguantan mucha tinta , est&aacute; muy bien acabada , lo &uacute;nico es que las hojas tienen un leve color amrillo y no son completamente blancas .
 Just because one person can not find a use for it , does not meen another can not find a hundred . I use this wonderfully crafted book , as a photo journal for places I have been . A fold out storyboard or display if you will . Either I use a photo sticker median or actually use a spray adhesive to put photos in.I am sure that another may fine some other use for it . Either way it is crafted with outstanding workmanship and attention to detail , like many other fine moleskine products .
 I adore Moleskine products . I never leave home without my notebook . The Small Japanese Fold was a gift for my sister who was going to Japan for the first time , so I thought if nothing else , she could journal her trip in it as well as sketch her surroundings should she want to.Update
 This pen writes beautifully . The weight is balanced ; the body is slender but does n't feel delicate . The nib is flexible but strong . It does n't leak . I have pens that are more expensive about which the above is not true . This pen will make you start taking notes - and writing notes - again .
 I collect and restore fountain pens . I have pens from way back and love each and every one of them . Most are beautiful works of art as well as great writing instruments.I ca n't recall why I bought this pen . Probably because I wanted something quick and easy to write entries in my Moleskine journal . First , let me explain why I did not give it five stars.The pen feels somewhat odd when holding it . The clip is at the tips of your fingers . When you 're used to writing with other pens , that 's an odd , rather uncomfortable feeling . It 's also a somewhat ugly pen to those of us who love the beauty of a classic pen . Of course , I realize that beauty is in the eye of the beholder . This is just my personal opinion.But all that said , this is a dependable , durable pen . I had n't used it for several months . I tried several of my Parker 51 pens and some other pens and they did n't write . I picked up the Pilot and it started writing immediately and did n't skip one bit.I also rather enjoy the retractable nib . Plus , the nib is quite nice . It 's a smooth and quiet writer . The reviewer who said their pen squeaked must have gotten a lemon and should have asked for a replacement.For those who want a dependable pen that will travel well and give great service , I highly recommend this pen . It 's well made and moderately priced . - Susanna K. Hutcheson
 I 've had this pen for more than 7 years and can say its a champ . I use about a bottle of Quink ink a year and now 7 bottles later , this pen is as good as the day I got it , it has never leaked and writes consistently on most ordinary paper . -LSB- This is a copy of a review written over 7 years ago . -RSB- This is my second VP , the first being the early 1990 release of the Namiki VP , NVP . The Pilot VP , PVP , versions are larger , heavier and no longer sport the Namiki engraving on the pen clip.The nibs are similarly designed but are now sized to US distributed fountain pens . The NVP nibs had stroke sizes a size smaller , that is a Namiki medium was more like a Parker fine , for example . This means the Pilot VP medium is pretty much a Parker medium.I too suffered the squeek of the Pilot VP . It felt like a coating layer existed on the pen tip , but it seemed to be wearing with use in some spots , so I figured I could work it out entirely by repeated heavy use on paper , and I used it on much rougher surfaced paper until something gave . Until then , it was scratchy and unsmooth . I use Parker Quink ink.One unique observation , if the pen is used none stop for several hours the ink flow suffers . I then found that if I clipped it to my pocket briefly , it would flow smooth again . Also , the bottom of the converter does not encounter ink as if the pen were air tight , where a vacuum kept ink from entering the bottom of the converter chamber . I surmised if I twisted the converter a tad into the air , the ink would flow into the bottom of the converter . This happens . My little experiment suggests the vacuum inevitably counteracts capillary action , and resists the exodus of ink!After a day of use , it was silky smooth , so smooth , it is substantially better than my original NVP . It has the smile factor , it makes me feel really good about writing , and I write a lot as a physician.The PVP nib is closer to a Parker 75 nib in stroke size but a touch smoother in ink flow . Unlike a Mont Blanc Meisterstuck , the medium nib of the 75 or PVP allows one to write 50 half 8x11 pages worth of progress notes all day on one load of the converter . With a Mont Blanc , I would run out of ink midday . I use a Mont Blanc on administrative workdays where I primarily only sign my name . Alas , I agree fully with your review , a Mont Blanc was money not well spent , luckily I got it 75 % off list at a bankruptcy sale . The PVP however , does not have the italic like stroke of a Mont Blanc nib.The PVP sits well on one 's hand , and the carbonesque pattern makes it easy to see the pen in a table full of papers , food , and equipment . Its easy to care for , and weighed just write for good writing control.In a busy office where a pen may be hit on the nib is left exposed as one walks accross a room , clicking it off allows for faster movements than the two-handed capping process of other fountain pens . A most wonderful pen , thus , for utilitarian use and more ! This is a also a great first fountain pen for many . The ` break-in ' period must be more publicized though as I have never had as involved a breakin period like this on other pens .
 I 've been a fan of Pilot Razor Pt . pens since the mid 1970s . First , the yellow-tipped blue , and for the last couple of decades , have been addicted to the Pilot Razor Pt . II blue pen . These are a long way from a fountain pen , but when considering a long-wanted fountain pen , I did n't have a clue . For everything I was hoping in a fountain pen could be , this vanishing point completely fulfilled my expectations ... plus it looks and works beautifully . I learned of it while browsing in a small writing boutique store in Carmel , CA . A man in the store who knew pens well challenged me to try the Namiki Vanishing Point . Bought a black one with gold trim on the spot . While I typically prefer a very fine point , I prefer the medium point on this pen . Excellent for a perfectly even flow - I use mine for drawing as well as writing , and prefer the blue ink best . The medium point is excellent as an art medium . Have given one or two as gifts to other writing fanatic friends . Exceptional pen .
 I have owned different writting instruments and this is the best ! This is the neatest , cleanest fountain pen , it looks good and feels good !
 OOB experience GREAT ! Easy to set up , simple to learn to use ... simply followed the instructions in the owner 's manual , which is clear and concise . Faxing is fast , larger capacity paper tray a great feature ; love the ability to copy , scan , etc. . Highly recommend it ! I have had two other Brother fax machines over the years , which were good . This one is markedly better in that it 's memory capacity is far larger , never have run out of memory yet ... and I receive as many as 30 faxes a day while I am out of the house . Worth the extra $ $ $ . The portable handset is a terrific feature , as well . Much prefer it to the corded hand set .
 After over two months of regular use , I am satisfied with this unit . Thanks to the reviews , I knew exactly what to expect and have not experienced any problems . We use it primarily as a message center , phone and fax . The fax quality is superb both going and coming as is the voice quality of the speaker phone . It has a neat feature of automatically cleaning the print heads every week . It might intrigue some who have not read the manual as it sounds like a fax is coming in . I told my wife that it was monitoring everything she did and was sending me a secret report . BAD ! For cat owners , the clear fold-down paper support flap acts as a protective shield over the number pad to prevent the little buggers from speed dialing 911 during their midnight romps . It also keeps dust out when not in use . A few local restaurants we frequent have this unit at their register . Upon inquiring , none have mentioned a problem . The Brother IntelliFax-1960C cartridge system is certainly a giant step up from the dinosoar faxes that use the expensive rolls of carbon film . What a mess that was . Many forget customer support when buying electronics . I contacted Brother support twice just checking . They passed with flying colors .
 extremely simple to use while having all the features one may need , can save $ $ $ on inkjet cartridges -LRB- individual -RRB- especially if you buy 3rd party cartridges . found nothing negative to report so far .
 This product is a printer , copier , fax and answering machine . Combined with a new laptop , I now am able to do the same work at home that used to cause me to commute to the office on weekends . A bargain at Amazon 's pricing !
 I was very satisfied with this product . It has so far performed up to my expectations . The only problem I have had is with the paper tray . It is a little difficult to set up the first few times . Once you get the hang of it though it is fine . It prints very clearly and the phone/answering machine is also very clear . The last machine I had was a panasonic and it lasted about 5 years with only occasional use . This machine already outshines that one in performance , it was well worth the money . I think this is a great machine for a home office or small business ...
 I needed a better fax machine with the wireless phone . I am happy with my choice in product , and price . Of course I used Amazon . This machine was selling for much more on the web everywhere except where I bought this fax machine from.The only things that this machine is missing is the feature of being able to turn the machine on , and off with the wireless phone . You are able to receive the fax if the machine is already on with the wireless phone by pressing * 51 , but turning on the machine itself from another room would be a great feature to have on this product.I did not get the top of the line , so I do n't know if the larger fax machine has this feature . Over all , I am very happy with it .
 I found this machine to fit my needs and work well.This is the only ink jet fax with an answering machine built in I could find since HP took the answering machine function off of thier 's . It was straight forward to set up and get going and easy to use . My only complaint , and this is true for several printers as well is that it will not run without the color cartridges installed , I would use just black if I could rather than filling all of them .
 One cold 18 degree day I noticed the IntelliFax had something on the read out screen beleave it or not it was telling me I needed to warm it up it was getting cold.There are a few more ink cartridges but the picture quality was as good as any of my other picture printers , no high dollar scanner but I 'll bet Photoshop elements would take care of that just a software addition.A extra phone hooked to the same line wired had a battery failure and stayed on the hook all the time and the wireless phone on the 1960c let me know and do n't blame the phone problems on the 1960c until disconnecting everything on the same line waiting a while then checking again , the setup was easy and I read the manuals with it , a 115volt power cord , a usb cable to hook the 1960c to the computer although it will work alone and a wired phone cable to the telephone jack of your telephone company in your home it does have a extra jack for the dial up modem in your computer.Do need to leave a wait before your message for incoming fax or voice , the phone worked great too.Only thing if your in sub zero weather with it it will tell you to find a warm place!Very satisfied with and a note did get a vista driver on the brother web site.Rev . Eddie
 I purchased this for my home office and have been very pleased with the overall performance and functions . I especially like the fact that I was able to buy a factory remanufactured one at such a great price . Having both black and color cartridges is much better than just the black film style and much cheeper . Overall a great product for my use .
 This fax is a great product for the money ... the answering machine is a bit funky to work , but it does work.I use this fax as my home office fax and it gets the job done just fine .
 Bought this machine for my home office , and it works very well . Small size , cordless phone is clear , copies and prints very well.I have not had good experience with Brother in the past -LRB- Every machine seems to have a 3 year life span -RRB- but this one is holding up so far !
 We were searching for quite some time for a machine with an an integral voice mail system so that a caller could leave a voice message . A reasonably priced machine with this and all the other features we needed -LRB- i.e. unattended facsimilie reception and handset to speak with callers -RRB- is hard to find!We did not want a system with ink cartridges or rolls as those have been problematic and expensive , so we opted for the inkjet printing system with plain paper although we liked the old thermal system which used NO ink . The machine has been trouble free so far , and gets medium to heavy use at our business . No paper jams , good print quality , very good telephone clarity in speaking and message recording . Relatively easy to set up , comes with good directions , and not bulky for all it does . We have n't used all the features but for what we need it is excellent . We had a very old Brother all-in-one machine previously , and have been happy with this brand .
 I can remember when we wrote on backups with a magic marker or used a sticky label and neither were good for the disk . . and then the industry developed the Label printer at a price the home user could afford . . They print with a thermal heat over a dry ribbon . . You can get ribbons in a variety of colors , I just use black but to each his own . . -- Phyllis
 Having looked into the need for a better way to mark CDs and DVDs than undesireable paper labels or scrawled Sharpie notes , I came across this Primera printer and decided to give it a try . It works , pretty much precisely as advertised . The installation is easy , the software interface is user friendly and simple and -LRB- if you use the right media -RRB- the quality of this thermal printing is quite good.The media used , however , is a bigger and more important variable than the manufacturer acknowledges either on its website or even in the material that comes with the machine . The issue is that embossed media -LRB- which most is -RRB- is not a cleanly printable area . Completely clear disks would work best ... like the ` practice ' blank that comes with the machine . Because all of my current media supply IS embossed with the brand and , some , with designs , lines , etc , I had to ` practice ' laying out the print to avoid these pre-embossed areas to which the thermal print does not correctly adhere . After a few wasted disks , I had it down and am now quite please with the result.I have not yet tried the feature that allows insertion of photos -LRB- in black & white , if course , as this is a monotone device -RRB- but am looking forward to doing so.It allows for printing onto four ` fields ' on the disk . Top , Bottom , Right and Left - far more space than I would ever expect to use to print on one . The fields are , then , choices ... . and it is always nice to have choices ! Font choices are limited but quite adequate.I found this machine for $ 127 . online and replacement ribbons for $ 17 each . As I expect to be printing perhaps 10-15 disks per month , I believe I will find the costs reasonable . They DO look really good -LRB- once you figure out how to work around the embossing . -RRB- Also , if someone out there has a lead to GOOD quality fully blank media -LRB- CDs and/or DVD-Rs , I 'd appreciate hearing about it as they would work better with the Primera printer . -RRB- To date , I have stuck , for reliability 's sake , with Maxell , Fuji and Imation - all of which are embossed ! -RRB- Thanks - and I hope you have found my comments helpful .
 I have owned this printer for about 1 year now . Maybe I got lucky , but I never had a problem with it . I 've gone thru about 4 ink cartridges so far -LRB- roughly 400-600 dvds -RRB- and the quality is great . Its not an inkjet , so you ca n't expect too much . The software is simple and easy to learn . You could spend over 5 minutes on each disc using inkjet , but only 1 minute with the Primera . Unless you are using this commercially , the results with this are very professional.The only thing to be careful of is not to print on discs with any embossing over the 4 areas , or else it will not completely show up . Just buy discs with a blank printable surface .
 I 've printed hundreds of discs with this printer and , when it works correctly , the finished product is great . However , it does n't always work correctly and , on occasion , the output is a mess.What I have discovered is that the printer is n't really at fault when I get a bad print job . It 's always been the ribbon . The take-up reel is very unforgiving and , if you get twists in the used-up ribbon , the print job wo n't be very good . With the exception of one ribbon that I could never get to feed correctly , I 've always been able to solve the problem by pulling the used ribbon out and rewinding it on to the take-up reel with a pencil . I should n't have to do that , but it is n't like these things cost a fortune , either . You get what you pay for , and I 'm fairly satisfied with this printer .
 We use the Z1 to print professional looking labels on our CD/DVD projects . This is more of a 1 off printer . Each disc must be loaded and unloaded manually , and if you 're looking to do volume labeling , this is n't the printer for you . If you only need to do the occasional label that looks professionally done , this is the perfect machine . One caveat - This printer prints monochrome labels . There are 4 colors available , but the color of the cartridge determines the the color of the entire label .
 I 've had my Z1 for several years now , and gone through many discs with it . Here 's my experience , and tips for getting the best out of your Z1.Overall , I love this printer . It has worked quite well for me since the day I got it . To date I must have put 500 discs through it.The Z1 uses a monochrome thermal ink cartridge to mark the disc . Unlike inkjet technology , the thermal print is not water-soluble , and will not rub or wash off . Even hard scratching with fingernails is not enough to damage the print . To me , this is a big advantage over inkjet.The software only allows printing inside of four quadrants on the disc - upper , lower , left and right . Each quadrant is a rectangular area . Printing completely around the disc circumference is therefore not possible . Still , this is better than some similar printers , which only allow you to print in two areas on the disc -LRB- top and bottom -RRB- . Since the print mechanism uses a ribbon-type cartridge , and not an ink cartridge , full-color printing is not possible . You can get single colors other than black , although I 've never tried them.The printer is designed to take normal - that is , non-inkjet-printable - media . I do n't know what would happen if you tried inkjet-printable media in it , as the thermal printing only sticks to certain types of surfaces.Unfortunately , there is really no way to know if the printer will print effectively on any given type of disc . Most online retailers sell a variety of media that have no markings on the top surface.When used properly , the output is really quite impressive , as far as it goes - or at least I think so , and my friends agree . Importing graphics and such is easy , so it 's possible to harvest clipart from DVD covers and online images to create pretty good-looking discs.Some people have complained about the grayscale graphics quality . Truth be told , the printer does not do well on high-contrast images , or images with a lot of black . I find it best to lower the image contrast and raise the brightness by about 30 % or so before trying to print an image . Most of the time it does OK . Sometimes it does good , and occasionally it does really well . Image manipulation outside the printing program can really help the final graphics output.So yes , it 's limited in some ways . But I dare you to find anything better for the price , or even four times the price . Sure , if you need color and do n't mind smearing , an inkjet would be better . But for me , this little gadget is just what the doctor ordered .
 Trying to put a paper label on a CD is not only a hassle , but if you do n't get it right , the label can jam up your CD mechanism.Currently there are two types of CD/DVD printers , thermal and ink jet . Thermal has at least three advantages over ink jet . First off , thermal printers are less expensive than ink jets . Add to that is the fact that you do n't need to use expensive `` printable '' CD 's , thermal printers work great on the cheapest blank CDR 's . Finally , thermal print is more durable , it does n't rub off as easily as ink jet print.I chose this one over the Casio CW100 because the Primera prints on all 4 quadrants , whereas the Casio only prints along the top and bottom of the CD , not the sides.The Primera label design software is easy to use . I did notice that it 's not exactly WYSIWYG , the printed text appears smaller on the actual CD than you would expect from the design screen . Printed text was smooth and gives your CDs a professional look.I was disappointed with the `` graphics '' feature . Do n't expect too much , with only a single color and 200 dpi you will need to simplify your graphics . Think back to the rudimentary graphics on your 1980 's IBM-PC monochrome monitor , that 's about what you get.Another downside is , print quality is very poor on brand name CDR 's with company logo 's etched onto the surface . The CDR print surface must be smooth , like that found on generic no-name CDR 's . Overall I am happy with my printer , it does exactly what I hoped it would do .
 Overall I have been very pleased with the Primera Z1 . It is quick and simple to use . I 've been pleased with the results.Unlike another reviewer , I have not found the slight jaggedness in text a problem and did n't even notice it at all until after I read his review -- I had to look closely to notice it . I have not tried to print graphics so I ca n't comment on that . I found the Primera Z1 extremely easy to set up
 I have made about 200 CDs with the Signature Z1 . The results are exactly as promised . Yes , you can see the pixels at 200 dpi , but you have to look hard . I already have `` my money back '' vs. commercial CD duplication.There is no problem with ink adherance to CD blanks designed for thermal printing . With good blanks the spoilage rate is less than 5 % , and that 's being picky . It even prints cheaper blanks with only slight rub-off problems.The Signature Z1 is nominally a monocolor printer but I have made CDs in which the logo field is red and the other three fields are black . It requires two passes through the printer.My only complaint
 I 've printed about a dozen discs w / the Z1 , so I feel qualified to give a mini review . First , let me say that this little disc printer does a great job given its price . Anyone complaining that the text rubs off must not be doing something right , because you really , really have to rub it w / your finger to get it to smudge . And this is even right after printing.Some notes about the package :1 . Print quality is excellent unless you print really small font stuff or complicated graphics . The way it rotates the disc to print in all 4 areas works flawlessly .2 . There is not a hard on/off switch , so if you do n't want it coming on each time you turn on your computer , you 'll need to unplug either the power or the USB . No big deal .3 . The printing software is easy to understand , but a little klunky . e.g. if you want to make the entire window bigger to see what you 're doing , you click the `` Zoom In '' button , but each click barely makes a difference . Also , the software requires the . NET framework be installed . Now , it 's beyond me why ANY printer would need that installed , but alas , it does . The bad news is that the installation of . NET on a single-user Windows XP machine will result in you having to click your name to login upon bootup whereas before it would just go all the way to the desktop when you turned your computer on . The good news it that you can delete the guest account that gets created , and the disc printing program still works fine .4 . I have several types of discs that I 've tried out w / the printer , and the ones that are matte finish are definitely worse than the slick super-shiny kind . The matte finish discs result in text that is not really black . The edges look a little fuzzy , and the fill is n't solid . Now , with the other style discs , slick , super-shiny discs -LRB- shiny silver on the writing surface , and a smooth , slick clear layer on top -RRB- , the printing is much , much better . It borders on professional looking text . -LRB- The text itself , not what the printer is capable of in total -RRB- 5 . The ability to save disc designs is great and works flawlessly . Most everything else about the printing application is easy to understand.Overall , I am very pleased with the Z1 . It serves my needs perfectly . And compared to the cheaper Casio printer , this one seems to have a lower per-disc cost based on the replacement cartridges .
 The good
 Perfect file cabinet for my office . It is not a true lateral file though , I actually like the way this one works better . Each drawer has 2 filing sections , one on the left and one on the right that file front to back vs a lateral that files side to side ... Overall very satisfied with product
 This is a pretty good piece of furniture except it splinters around drawer edges leaving bare wood which shows due to dark finish . Can be fixed with dark colored marking pen but it should have a better finish when manufactured .
 This is a beautiful file cabinet . Assembly was easy , but took two of us to assemble . Very fast shipping and great communication by Home Decorators . I buy quite a few things from them , always great to deal with .
 The file cabinet is solid wood and it 's perfect . It does seem like the design of the cabinets themselves would not hold up to too much wieght . I have it pretty full now , and it 's fine , but I do n't think over-stuffing it would be a good idea . It looks just like the picture and the color is true to the picture .
 I recommend this pen for anyone artist who uses a lot of markers and like to draw slightly more realistic
 I purchased this as a gift and was very happy with how fast I received the merchandise . It was in new packaging , which was great since is was part of a gift .
 I purchased this blender pen to use for transferring graphics printed from my laser printer onto fabric , wood , metal , etc. . It works perfectly for that application . I 'm very pleased with this product .
 Item came in earlier than i expected and in perfect condition . overall i am very happy with my order and will order form this company again .
 This was a gift for my grandson who is a graffiti artist . i did not realize this was considered an `` accepted '' form of art until researching this subject and was quite surprised.A High School approved and used my grandson 's artwork on the side of a building , I am proud of him for that . I ordered this to go with his Prismacolor markers , sketch books also a gift . I am hoping this gift helps to spur his art and dreams.What amazed me about this is , it was not an Amazon ` quick ship ' item and this wonderful company got it to him in two days for Christmas without charging additional shipping . A big `` thank you '' to them . I was not expecting delivery for 10 days and was so surprised it made it for Christmas . It made it extra nice he received all his gifts at the same time . If you buy Markers I found it is important to buy this blender marker as well.Mediocracy is so rampant these days so it is refreshing to see someone go out of their way in doing their job . Again , thank you for going beyond the call of duty .
 the prisma coloress blender is very goodI an study fashion design , this product serves me to make my illustrationsj
 Works as advertised ... My first adventure into colored pencils . I think they are great , lots of fun ...
 This blender took my colored pencil to another level . All of my colors become richer and it makes for more vibrant picture . Must have for artists .
 This marker completes me and my art work , now I can make effects never possible before . It 's just a must have tool !
 I never thought much of markers before because I would use cheap Crayola brands . I never knew markers like these existed ! The color is exact . They do n't leave those horrible streaks that the Crayola markers leave . I also like Copic and these are very similar to them . The only difference about Prismacolor is it has a little bit of a scent like Sharpie but it 's not a big deal ! especially if you want to save a couple of dollars . These Colorless benders blend them together perfectly .
 Just another of the greatest product lines on earth ! So far , Prismacolor has never disappointed me . I 'm beginning to think they never will . Of course , they are partnered up with Amazon , so that about says it all . I intend to purchase more of their products as I progress in my new hobby . Colorizing is n't as easy as you might think . It all depends on the degree of detail and effects , both of which depend on products like this one . To quote one of my favorite TV characters , &#34; Victory is mine ! &#34;
 This blender from Prismacolor works well on art done with the Spectrum Noir pens and Staedtler 's colored ink pens . Those are the brands I am working with right now and this does the job . Nice blender ... you can get rid of any little lines and also use it for shading .
 The best your prismacolor markers , blends very well you ca n't see the lines between the colors i love this product .
 It 's a great blender pen . It arrived later than they said it would , but I think it was because of the holidays . The pen itself works . I got no complaints .
 If you need some added oomph in blending your Prismas -LRB- whether markers or colored pencils - it works for both ! -RRB- get this . It 's fairly cheap and gives you nice minimal-streak smooth blending . With colored pencil it literally breaks it down to be liquid and it blends like a wet medium should . With ink it provides a clean transition between colors . I HAVE to have this !
 Wonderful necessity for your markers ! Works flawlessly to blend the Prisma color markers to create beautiful shading in the art .
 Safco 9417 is a smaller item than the one Amazon is showing here . Be sure you see a photo of it online before you order so you 'll know what you 're getting .
 Great organizer . Trying to use it to keep the kitchen island clutter to a low rumble . Very sturdy and easy to put together . Would work well on a desk , too -LRB- a large-sized desk -RRB- .
 I am happy with my choice . I use it for storage as I am short of space . It is so attractive , too .
 Yesterday on NPR I heard Terry Gross interview lyricist Stephen Sondheim on the occasion of his 80th birthday . He said that like every artist he writes for one overriding purpose
 This is a step above your standard particle board style furniture . The finish is a strong laminate , not some flimsy paper product that you normally see . This is office grade furniture at an affordable price . Add the desk drawerAlera Valencia Woodgrain Laminate Series Center Drawer , 30 x 15 x 2 , Medium Cherry to it and it 's a complete desk . Well worth the extra bit of money compared to what you will get at they typical chain store or office store .
 We use this for workshop activities in a conference room with a magnetic white board . You can write on -LRB- and wipe off -RRB- the magnetic strips and move them around in trying to organize information . The multiple widths this stuff comes in is also handy for varying applications .
 The technical information is incorrect when it says , `` Protective cover with snap closing perfect for backpacks . '' There is NO cover for this calculator . It 's not a mini-calculator like the Sharp Electronics ELS10BBL Translucent 3 key memory Youth Calculator-Blue . If you click on , `` See larger image , '' then that is about the actual size of it . It is about 7 inches tall , as the details point out . That part is correct.The display is nice and clear . The calculator is made out of hard plastic . The keys are also hard plastic , not rubber , so it should be a perfect toy for our toddler . With rubber keyed calculators , he was able to literally pull the keys off . Although , I 'm sure he 'll find a way to destroy it ... You have to unscrew the entire back plate to access the button-celled battery . Since it 's solar-powered , you probably do n't really need to replace it for a long while . Overall , a very good BASIC calculator .
 This wall mount is great for the price . It extends about half a foot from the wall and tilts in every direction . However , be sure to tighten the bolt that will hold the monitor screen angled up before you attach the monitor or it 'll sink down . After that , it 's very sturdy .
 I do n't eat or lick my Alvin cutting mat -LRB- the 18x24 translucent size -RRB- and I wash my hands frequently for a variety of reasons . The mat actually performs as the manufacturer says it does , even better in my opinion - I was very pleasantly surprised at how well it heals itself . I use it with utility and mat-cutter knives to cut a variety of materials for picture framing and it 's still great after 9 months of frequent use . I will be buying a larger one soon.So California says it contains chemicals that can cause birth defects . So what ? There are a lot of things in the world much more dangerous than this product where the danger can not be obviated by simply washing one 's hands . The flu is deadly and yet we live with its danger , and we wash our hands to minimize the exposure.Don ' t give the product itself one star simply because the product page does n't have a warning for the frightened California shoppers . Five stars for the product . Zero stars for the other reviews .
 I love this ! This cutting matt is of great quality and great size . Perfect for my sewing and other cutting needs ! I would definitely buy this again . Thanks
 I ordered this product to go into a disaster kit and am completely happy witht the packaging , quality and shipping . The supplier was extremely curtious by including a coupon , a thank you all with superb packing . Completely happy .
 Needed to have a staple remover in my first aid kit for my pets . Have had a couple of instances where my pets have had staples for incisions or wound repair rather than sutures . Not having a stapler remover I had to pay the vet $ 45 to see the pet for less than five minutes to remove them . So , I am very pleased to have this staple remover that works like a champ so I can remove the staples myself .
 My dog had a few staples after a minor surgery to remove a benign lesion . Rather than pay for a $ 40 follow-up office visit to have the staples removed , I purchased this product and it worked perfectly . The surgical staples popped right out with no problem or pain to my dog . I have it in my first aid kit in case I ever need to use it again .
 Seriously . . watch the youtube videos and go slow.does exactly what it said it would do.Fast quick shipping also . then keep in the bathroom , but hopefully , you wont ever need these again
 The package arrived in a matter of days so I was happy about that . But , wow , the diagrams were pretty hard to follow and hard on the eyes . You will need to wear your glasses when looking at the diagrams . I confess to having a few drinks while putting the whole thing together so it took longer than expected . I probably could have done it in 2 hours had I not been drinking -- and I confess it was hard to do because the instructions sucked and I put some of the screws in the wrong holes and had to redo some of the steps . I was so glad when the whole thing was finally done . If you purchase this item be sure you have the stomache to follow lousy instructions and you better have good mechanical abilities in reasoning what they are trying to convey . The manufacterer is assuming you are well gifted in trying to decipher their lousy instructions . All in all , it 's a pretty good product but I wish the drawer fronts had been solid wood . That would have made all the difference in the world . The handles are solid metal and the assembly functions well once it is all put together . The locking assembly is excellent -- be sure to use channel locks to tighten down the lock nuts . But , looking back , it was a pain putting it together . The hardware would have been better to deal with had it come in some kind of compartment that was labled . Keeping track of the screws and what holes needed what screws was a real chore . Trying to find the prefabed screw holes was also quite a chore . Good luck . You 'll need a little .
 Ordered two of these for the girls ' room . Assembly is time consuming but not particularly difficult , about on par with expectations for a piece of furniture that comes in a box . Both had issues with cosmetic damage on panels -LRB- busted corners and scratched veneer -RRB- but had been taken care of by calling the manufacturer . They just needed the part number and lot number from the owner 's manual and shipped replacement parts free of charge . The replacement parts arrived in massive protective packaging -LRB- several layers of foam and cardboard -RRB- . Even so , the need to get extra parts meant about a week delay in completing the assembly , which is why I 'm deducting one star . At this price the cabinet should be packaged to arrive in 100 % condition . The finished product is nice , good quality both in terms of fit and function , as well as appearance . Overall I recommend it and would purchase again .
 I am really glad my husband is handy ! Lots of pieces to put together , took him several hours . I do like the cabinet now that it has been assembled .
 The cabinet arrived quickly . Assembly was alright . The difficult part being aligning the drawers and making sure they opened smoothly . All in all I would buy the cabinets again .
 Sure , we had to put it together , but for the price , it was n't that hard . I 've always been impressed with the value of Bush furniture .
 Paper is everywhere.Under your desk and chair.Hanging between binder and folder.Was all we could to find order.To keep the paper under control.Swingline invented staplers to patrol.Crafty and mobile , paper moved to the laser jet.With the flood , the new stapling demand could not be met.Then one bright day came the Model 711 . Small and portable he was welcomed by everyone.The little stapler can fit in the pocket.Just do n't get him near a socket ! _________________________________________ The Swingline Model 711 is a handy little stapler to have on your desk or next to a copy machine . I purchased my stapler a month ago and really enjoy it ! You see my new job revolves around upgrading my company 's legacy ordering system to Microsoft Dynamics AX . Needless to say , the volume of paper I generate for training sessions can eclipse 100 pages a day ! I can carry the stapler in my pocket as I move between departments and train users . When the stapler is not being used , I keep it in the corner of my desk .
 I purchased this scale for weighing and verifying shot and powder for shot shell reloading . It works great with approximately a 31/2 ounce capacity and converts from ounces to grains . I can verify that shot and powder charges thrown volumetrically are accurate , and weigh shot that can not be charged through the press hopper.As stated , the scale converts and displays grams , ounces , grains , and carats.It works well for what I needed . I only wish the resolution was 0.1 grains instead of the scale 's 0.2 . For smaller or more accurate weighing in grains a powder balance is more appropriate.The tare function is great . I can place a charged shot shell on the scale and press the zero button , then add shot to the amount in ounces that I desire . A fully loaded 12 gauge 3 '' shell will not exceed the scale 's capacity.Shipment package included a 100 gram calibration weight , but was separate from the box the scale came in . I also wish it included a decent case , but it has a fairly sturdy hinged cover.Requires two AAA batteries -LRB- included -RRB- and has room to store two spare batteries in the battery compartment.So far the scale appears to be accurate within stated resolution , and is easy to calibrate.Good buy for the price .
 I 've been using this paper for several years now . Nothing else I 've tried has matched its color and deep blacks . However , it 's when you touch this paper that you realize why so many top pros are using it .
 This item was exactly what I wanted , however you must be extra careful when assembling it . When the top of the organizer was put in place , the screws from the sides came right through the top ripping the particle board/veneer and making a mess of the top of the organizer . Unfortunately there is no way to fix it . Do n't push down too hard when assembling or you will have the same problem !
 I needed a sorting bin for my various printer papers . I did n't want a cheap cardboard device -- paper is heavy and I do n't know how those do n't bend over time . Anyway , this is much better build - MDF sides and center support w / stiff chipboard compartment dividers . Each little chipboard tray has a clip on plastic support on the front to add strength.I have built a lot of MDF furniture over the years , and generally have no problems . However , this one was a pain . The glued dowels are a great idea , but I 'd never used them before . If you buy this , know that each dowel must be put in place quickly after you dip them in water to activate the glue -LRB- it dries quickly -RRB- . Second , the dowels are easy to accidentally put in too deeply , which causes the MDF boards to crack slightly . Worst of all , the instructions are not very detailed , so you will inevitably put it together wrong at least once -- which would n't be a problem except for the glue , which makes putting it back together correctly very hard.Yet - still 4 stars for being a nice sturdy piece when you are done .
 The Safco 9420MO 12 compartment organizer is made to look like oak wood , but is really just generic fiberboard with glorified cardboard `` shelves . '' That said , you 'll have a really hard time finding something comparable for a lower price , so as long as you understand what it is and what you 're paying for -LRB- a tool for organization , not premium raw materials -RRB- , it 's not a bad product.I first got one of these for my parents ' house , as my whole family had a bad habit of leaving mail lying around . I bought it for about $ 40 from Sam 's Club online , and labeled each compartment with someone 's name to give my whole family an easy way to keep their mail organized . Since then a lot of us have moved out , but it still serves as a place to put the mail that inevitable still comes for everyone who moved out.More recently , I bought another from Amazon for about $ 47 to organize my expense receipts . Again , I just created my own labels for each compartment , and slip the bills or receipts in as I get them . When everything is tallied up , I can then neatly pack them into a box.Bottom line , other reviewers are right that the materials are cheap and unimpressive . And the shelves especially are a pain to put together . -LRB- There are plastic endpieces you have to force onto the ends of the glorified cardboard pieces , and they can be a real pain as they 're deliberately undersized to make for a snug friction fit . -RRB- But it helps me stay organized , and that 's what I 'm paying for .
 You have to put it together , but I do n't mind that much . I 've bought several of these in the past , because they seem the best value for me , since they have 12 slots and the thing is n't made out of cardboard or plastic . I like to use a big bottle of wood glue when I put them together . Make sure your wooden pegs are carefully all the way down into the holes before you put the sections together . It ; s not nearly as good as solid wood construction , but what do you expect for $ 45-50 ?
 Easy to assmeble , fit our space perfect and had the right configeration of shelving for our office needs . It would have been nice it was offered in other colors .
 Mine arrived today and my husband did n't have any trouble putting it together . He did n't bother with the glue and checked ahead of time to see how deep to put the dowels . The problem is you need to hammer them in more than halfway into the side pieces . We marked the dowels first , but he said he had no trouble figuring out when they were in all the way . The product is fine even if the instructions need to be more helpful.I must say I did n't need the shelves for this one . I would be willing to pay a bit more for stronger ones .
 This is a sturdy organizer that will last a long time . They have place the shelf spacing very well . And since the shelving is not permanently attached , you can adjust it as needed for your uses .
 I purchased this for use at work , to help unclutter my desk . It is an ideal solution and very easy to assemble . I have had many people comment on it and say they want one . It 's kind of spendy , but well worth it in the long run .
 I use this to hold papers for college and it is great . Many slots and sturdy .
 I just bought this model so I 'm holding my breath , hoping for the best.This is my 4th shredder in about 10 years and I 've never been real happy about any of them.I gave this unit 4 stars out of the box because : -- It was cheap -- It worked -- Pull out basket -- It is quieter than my old shredder -- Unlike my old one this actually cut my cd 's into 3 pieces rather than merely making a hundred indentions that was suppose to disable the CD -LRB- I never trusted that and ended up breaking them by hand -RRB- I may be over generous but I do n't have any reason yet to knock it down any more.The reasons I did n't give it 5 stars are : -- It feels flimsy . -- It says it 'll cut 10 pages but I tried 3 pages at one time and it sounded like it would n't handle much more .
 I bought this shredder because I wanted a decent cross-cut shredder that I knew could easily shred any old CDs/DVDs that I did n't want anymore . I also have an older strip cut shredder that could barely strip cut a credit card so it was time for something new . Since this had a separate slot for shredding CDs I figured that meant it should do the trick as well as destroy any old documents or credit cards that I needed to get rid of.Unpacking this from the box and setting it up was pretty easy . Just take the plastic wrap and foam off the bin and shredder then just put the shredder on top of the bin . I shredded a whole bin full of paper as well as about 20 old CD 's that I did n't want around anymore . Looking around inside I noticed that the separate slot for the CD has 3 wheels inside of it so the CD is n't cross cut like a sheet of paper but instead cut into 3 pieces . Overall it also seems reasonably quiet for a cross cut shredder -LRB- which is still pretty loud -RRB- and did not overheat even after shredding about a bin and a half worth of paper.Some people may complain that this shredder does not shred the 10 sheets of paper it says it can but the manual explicitly points out that it accepts up to 10 sheets of 20-lb bond paper . I have a lot of laser printer paper which is 24-lb bond paper and is a lot different than the 20-lb stuff . I usually fed in less than 10 sheets of this laser printer paper and it seemed to handle it just fine . I believe if you are ONLY shredding 20-lb bond paper it would be able to handle up the stated maximum of 10 sheets but most people will feed in 10 sheets of anything and expect it to work all the same.THE GOOD --------- 1 . The metal teeth seem like this is pretty good for cutting up most ` light-sized ' things you could run through it .2 . Separate CD slot to cut up any old CDs or DVDs that you might have backing up old but confidential information .3 . Quiet overall compared to most of the other cross-cut shredders I tried in the stores while searching for a decent shredder.THE BAD ------- 1 . The manual says not to shred more than 5 CDs per day to avoid excessive wear on the cutters .2 . Recommends against shredding any staples , fasteners , or paper clips .3 . Shredding CDs makes a mess in the bin which is hard to clean out.Overall this is an excellent mid/low range shredder . If you just have a home office or some light use this would be perfect for your price range . I would just remember to slap a bag in the lower bin if I plan on shredding any CDs in the future . As long as you stick to shredding the correct type of paper this shredder should perform at or beyond your expectations . Although if your looking for something that could shred through even paper clips and staples then you should probably check out some of the higher end business model shredders .
 Royal makes one of the better cross cut paper shredders in this price category . I have used this paper shredder for about one year now and overall I have been satisfied.It shreds lots of things rather well -- many less expensive models simply can not shred credit cards , CDs and DVDs . This one can . One reviewer says that a shredded CD makes a mess in the wastepaper can directly below the shredder ; but I have not found this to be the case . This shredder by Royal can really do the job ; although they do recommend that you limit the total number of credit cards , CDs and the like to no more than five per day . This is a minor disappointment ; but again for the price it 's still pretty good.One thing that does disappoint me is how the shredder wastepaper basket seems to fill up rather quickly . I suppose that the shredded piece of paper leave room between them and air takes up the space between the shreds of paper . I guess that would be the case with any shredder . Oh , well . Sigh.One more caution
 Having had two other makes at roughly the same price failing , the unit came as a pleasant surprise
 Polycom makes a full range of conference room phones , and the Soundstation Premier is their best phone . If your needs do n't justify the price of the best , then consider the plain , old Soundstation -LRB- sans Premier -RRB- . Or if you have special Voice over IP needs , then check out their seperate Soundpoint IP and Soundstation IP product lines.Are you wondering what makes the Soundstation Premier the best ? Let me explain . This system uses any where from 3 to 6 mics ; 3 mics are built into the base station , and depending on your configuration you can add 2 extension mics plus a remote mic . What is special is that the unit only uses one mic at a time by sensing which mic is picking up the best sound ; this avoids that hollow , echo sounds that you 've heard many times before on speakerphone calls.The system also features noise canceling circuitry , so many background noises are removed . Plus it is expandable with additional mics , a remote lapel mic , and even a remote speaker station . There are other niceities including an LCD display on the base unit , but in my opinion the reason to spend the extra dollars in this unit is the quality of sound . Simply put , it is spectacular.There are a few different Premier models , each one uses the same basic base unit . The Premier EX is expandable with additional mics , and the Premier is not , so plan accordingly . Select the unit most appropriate for your conference room setting -LRB- their web site has very nice guidelines on it -RRB- . In my experience , the base unit is adequate for most 8-12 person conference rooms , and larger rooms require the extension mics . I have never used the remote lapel mic or the remote speaker setup .
 I have tried a variety of cheaper conference room speaker phones but nothing comes anywhere close to the performance of the SoundStation . The sound quality is excellent , there is no distortion and the self directing mics work like a real charm . If you can afford it , just go for this one ... it is well worth the money !
 A superior conferencing phone . Not difficult to set up . Great sound quality , depending on what the other parties are using at THEIR end.I wound up getting my phone from another source , as the one I originally purchased through a seller on Amazon , was in poor condition . It sounded like people on the other end were talking with a mouth full of steel wool .
 I bought this rather sophisticated and usually expensive conference phone as a cheaper reconditioned unit , the first time I had bought a reconditioned device . It was delivered in the delays I was told . It had a few scuff marks from prior use -- to be expected -- but did function , the essential thing ! My only minor complaint is that no instruction sheet or manual was included , rather an 800 number was provided for user information .
 The best sound quality that you can get in your office.I am using a pair of those to connect between my US office and East Europe .
 It is an attractive style and worked well until it stopped working altogether . I called Fellowes 800 number and spoke with a very patient , knowledgeable representative . She explained that the cross cut shredders require frequent oiling ... she recommended oiling it when it arrives ... then oiling it every time the basket is full , before emptying . Oil it with an oil made for that purpose that you buy in an office supply or at Amazon . Oil it back and forth each time the bin is full . Then empty paper . Use 11 sheets each time you shred . After 5 minutes , run it in reverse for a few seconds , then give it a 20 minute nap . They are sending me a replacement as a one time courtesy with the hope I will now use it correctly . Also , dont try to shred labels because of the adhesive . There are a few other things not to shred listed in the instructions .
 After over heating my last 2 shredders I have to say the thing I like the most about this one is the temp gage . There is a little red light that indcates when the shredder is starting to overheat . I managed to set it off the first time I used it , but not since then.The step can also makes it very easy to unload the paper -LRB- just make sure you do n't fill it all the way to the top or you will need to get the vacuum out to clean up the mess -RRB- .
 I would buy this shredder again ; never had any problems with it.But I do not think it is not wise to overload it . Each time I place9 pages at one time , it places too much pressure to it . Therefore , this is an excellent `` home '' shredder if you put 4 pages or less at a time .
 Okay , it 's a bit loud . But it works . And works . And works . We 've purchased models twice as expensive , only to watch them deteriorate within a month . This has been working perfectly ever since we purchased it . And cleaning the bin is SO EASY ! Sometimes paper holds on to the blades ... which is fine . You can remove the bin , empty it , put it back , and continue on without a mess on the floor !
 You get what you pay for and this is by far one of the deals in shredders . After going through three cheaper models , I decided to try a more expensive one and you DO get what you pay for when it comes to shredders . Fork out the bucks and you will be very satisfied with this .
 OK , I did my homework when shopping and purchasing this Fellowes DS-1 shredder . In summer 2007 , a highly regarded consumer watchdog reported that this was an excellent shredder so I purchased it . It 's very attractive in my home office and shreds wonderfully , up to 11 pgs , credit cards , etc. but ... . Bad News/Good News ... 9 mos later it just quit running ... . I was so disappointed ... . but , I called Fellowes 800 number for warranty and they immediately stepped up to the plate , stood behind their one year warranty , no questions or hassles , and sent me out a new Shredder . Now that 's awesome customer service and they said that is always their desire - happy customers !
 Fellows DS-1 works very well . It is messy though . The wire mesh bin allows particles of paper to litter the area where the unit is used . Read operators manual and DO run the unit in reverse as that keeps the cutting head clear or accumulated shredded paper . We 're very pleased with the performance .
 This product falls into a little known category for me nowadays and that is it delivers exactly as advertised , I 'm thrilled I bought it , powerful shredder with obvious durability details .
 large enough to not be annoying , small enough to fit in trash area
 I had two other crosscut shredders , different companys , but this Fellowes DS-1 is paper hungry . The other two had stripped gears but this DS-1 does not seem to want to stop chewing up paper . Money well spent for sure .
 I just love this shredder so easy to use a very good choice .
 No problems whatsoever and I do n't have to worry about all the paper when I do my bills ... The confetti cut is awesome . I tried reassembling some paper in all the mess and there was no chance whatsoever of doing that . It looks great too . I highly recommend it if you dont care about spending a little extra money -LRB- I had gift certificates :--RRB- -RRB- .
 That 's just what this baby does . Efficiently , quietly , relatively , and quickly . The large see through screen in front is great and the blades are SHARP ! It sounds like a Samarai sword slicing through a shaft of wheat . THis thing goes for 200 $ on many electronic store sites , snap this one up if you need one . I have been using it moderately for 3 weeks now and have no complaints.Fellowes DS-1 Fashion Shredder with Step Can
 I like the safety features and the power.Pay the difference you 'll be glad you did .
 Powerful , and not even one jam so far . I am very satisfied . Thanks for the reviews that helped me choose it .
 Fashionable appearance . Safe and easy to use.Powerful enough not to easily jam . Easy to empty and it makes confetti . Confetti is strips cut into small pieces for greater security .
 After doing some research into shredder choices , we decided the Fellowes DS-1 was the baby for us . We 've been using it for a couple of months and are quite pleased with its performance . It is compact , efficiently shreds a number of pages at once , and accepts staples with no complaint . And , the basket 's capacity is so large that it does n't need to be emptied often ! Some folks suggest using a plastic bag as a liner , but our trash removal company frequently sends out flyers requesting that no plastic bags be placed in recycle cans . When it 's time to empty the basket , it 's a breeze to simply remove it , turn it over , and toss its contents into a paper bag -- then place the bag in our recycle can.Highly , and definitely , recommended !!
 Received from vendor quickly . Cross-cutting shredder performs superbly with handling of almost a dozen papers at a time . Great safety feature to prevent accidental finger injury . Easy disposal bin .
 I was pleased with quick delivery , which beat the expected delivery date . The shredder looks nice and is perfect for what I need to do . It is next to computer desk in home/office environment . I also bought the lubricant and hopefully this shredder will last for several years !
 We are very pleased with this . We had another shredder from the same company that bit the dust because we fed in too many pages . This one seems more robust , is easier to use and has a larger waste basket .
 This is working well in our home . We do n't give it a heavy use , but it handles everything . The finger guard is important.Basket is a little messy to empty , but it 's just paper bits falling to the floor that can be swept up .
 For the price , the Fellowes DS-1 is more than adequate to handle personal shredding . I even took it beyond the 4 minute continuous shredding recommendation , and it survived ! Read the directions before using ! It shreds up to 11 sheets at a time and will shred credit/identity cards . It 's wonderful for ridding yourself securely of all those junk mail credit applications that fill your mailbox . When it 's working , it makes noise , but it 's temporary . Consider your peace of mind , knowing someone 's not going through your trash to find personal data , and the noise is worth it . It also has a large metal trash bin to catch the shreds , and the trash is easily disposed of . I 'm shredding with a sense of increased serenity about my security .
 HAVE ONLY OWNED FOR A MONTH , BOUGHT FOR WIFE , WORKS PERFECTLY . A LITTLE NOISY.BUT WELL WORTH IT IN PERFORMANCE .
 Thank you for such a great shredder . It works perfectly and now I do not have the paranoia with tossing my bills out . Cuts through paper quickly and not as loud as others I 've seen . I would highly recommend this stylish shredder !
 I got this shredder Winter 2007-08 and it 's been running strong , sorry to hear that some people had problems with theirs . It 's sturdy enough for shredding several sheets at a time and the size is such that we only have to empty it every couple months or so . Now that I 've started gardening I 'm going to toss the paper bits into the compost pile . Just be sure to oil it once in awhile so the teeth do n't break .
 I use it for light to mid range shredding and it works really well for me . My credit card was about to expire , they sent me a new one , and it had no problem destroying my old one .
 This Fellowes DS-1 shredder worked as expected for 6 months . It shredded multiple sheets at the same time with no hesitation and ate credit cards flawlessly . The Safe Sense touch guard sensor feature always worked properly . The directions say that it will shred small paper clips and staples which I 've never tried . It will not shred transparencies , newspaper or cardboard and is touted as being engineered for moderate use -LRB- 10-20 passes per day -RRB- . If you read the real fine print , Fellowes recommends lubricating with vegetable oil when bin is full . I never did this . The bin is an open mesh design which I did n't like because of the greater possibility of inhaling dust created by the shredding process . So , I lined it with a plastic bag . It is difficult to troubleshoot this machine because the head is permanently attached to the base which is about 22 inches long . Also , there is no manual ON switch . It is only automatic and when it stops working , like mine did , there is no way to shred . All in all , I had no problems with this shredder and almost did n't buy it because of some of the negative feedback I read here . Then , it refused to shred 3 weeks ago . It abruptly stopped going forward . Reversed worked fine but forward would n't budge . I contacted customer service via email , explained the problem , they thought they knew what it might be and yesterday I received a new shredder . Now , it could be that there is a known -LRB- to them -RRB- problem with this machine and my machine was still under warranty . Still , the transaction was hassle free and taken care of painlessly via email . I 'll report back here in 6 months on the replacement . So , this item gets 2.5 stars for performance and design plus 2.5 stars for customer service.UPDATE
 Does the job well , I 'd say . We later bought a bigger Fellowes , the SB-97CS and that 's an AMAZING shredder , much bigger . We needed two anyway , so no complaints about this one .
 We 've only had it for a month but it seems to be good . After two Staples brands just making past the warranty period . We 're trying this one . Basket is very convenient . Please check back in a year for a better opinion.Update - We 've had it for over three years now and it works as good as the day we bought it .
 I 've had my share of supposedly `` good '' shredders for use in an at home or small office environment and generally have been disappointed . I have however , been very pleased with the performance of the Fellowes Powershred DS-1 . This unit has plenty of power , does a quality job with the cross-cut and has an easy to access and easy to empty bin that holds quite a lot . I would certainly recommend this product .
 This is a great shredder and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a home shredder . This thing will shred all those credit card mailers and all the other junk mail you get that you feel needs to be shredded . Although a bit large for the home office , it operates with ease and not a lot of thought . The wasite recepticle removes easy and the safety features work well . I tried to tire this machine out but it has not stopped preforming after continued usage . This is worth the money .
 This thing quit after filling the bin no more than 10 times over a period of 6 months or so , even though we kept it oiled and let it cool down per instructions . For this it gets 1 star.I called Fellowes ' customer service to see if it was repairable by the user . I did n't ask to return it since I did n't have an invoice or sales slip . After spending 20 minutes with me , the rep determined that the micro-switch that detects when paper is put in the slot was fried , and that it could n't be repaired . She asked where I had bought it and I told her Amazon , but that I could n't find the order . She then asked for the serial number , from which she determined that I could have bought it no earlier than May of 2008 . At that point she said that they would send me a new one . I asked for an RMA to send the old one back and she said , `` Do n't bother ! `` After reading horror story after horror story about horrible customer service experiences with makers of various products , I was blown away at how easy this turned out to be , with me actually getting far more than I expected out of a single phone call . For this , Fellowes itself obviously deserves 5 stars.I will re-rate the shredder itself after I 've used the new one for awhile .
 This shredder works really well . The only thing I have against it is it makes a lot of nois and the basket is small . Other than that it 's great .
 This is the first shredder that I have purchased for use at home . We do n't have extensive shredding needs , just the usual monthly bills , tax data , financial statements etc. . The Fellowes DS-1 is very capable and handles my needs nicely . It is very quiet , and the wastebasket in front is great for other trash as well . The safety shutoff is very nice , especially with small children around . In any case , I keep the machine turned off . I was concerned that the sensor would be over or under sensitive . However I am extremely satisfied with its sensitivity settings , no misses and no startup problems . Also this shredder can easily handle CD DVDs etc , although the manual done not mention it anywhere . Overall 5 stars
 We 've had the shredder for several weeks , and it performs as advertised . So far , so good !
 This shredder works well and looks good , but it is fairly loud .
 I would recommend this shredder to anyone needing a workhorse for their home office . I originally bought a cheaper shredder and before I opened it , I decided to read the reviews - I returned it to the store the next day . For a little more money , you get a shredder that will do the job asked of it . I love this shredder !
 Easy to set up and easy to use altho I ca n't figure out why you would want to reverse shred something ... sort of on the tall side but that 's because I have a small place so maybe its all relative . Step can is cool , easy to pull out and empty and I guess you can throw trash in it easily too . A bit loud as well , but gets the job done and seems really powerful . Shreds credit cards , unopened soliciting credit card offer envelopes and staples too .
 This little guy is fast ! The best shredder investment yet . I really like the easy to remove basket and the ability to see when its full . I highly recommend this shredder , it 's a work horse for the size and price
 Its tough . It looks nice . It crosscuts . The step can is awesome because I can just step on it and it pops out . So it is very easy to take out the paper when the can is full . It takes a lot of paper to fill it up too . I shred all the junk mail , junk credit cards and all personal stuff etc. . . I 've even forgotten to take out some paperclips and I had no problem . That was nice . The best part is the safty feature . As soon as your fingers get too close an orange light comes on and the shredder shuts off . I love this because I have my kids in my home office all the time . I do unplug it though incase they get the idea to shred any of my stuff when I 'm out of my office . The only thing I wish I would of bought that I did n't was the oil ... I dont want the blades to get dull .
 After using several less expensive shredders the last few years I decided to purchase the Fellowes Powershred DS-1 . After about a months use I have found it ; fast , efficient , convenient to empty ... in short an excellent shredder well worth the price .
 This is my second one . The first one died the way new technology dies
 I purchased this to replace another shredder that broke after many years of service . This one does exactly what it stated , shreds papers and cd/dvd discs with a breeze . The removable basket is a plus , with its matte steel look , it looks sleek in my office and takes up minimal space . I like the auto-stop sensing on top as well . Overall , I 'm happy with my purchase so far . Let 's hope this one will last as long as my previously-used , much cheaper one .
 We have n't had it long , but we are very happy . Takes multiple sheets and has n't overheated yet . Disposal is easy . No complaints after 3 weeks .
 This shredder works great . Shredding a week 's worth of mail has been no problem . The basket is an excellent feature ... so convenient to empty . I definitely recommend this shredder and the purchase price makes it a very good deal .
 This paper shredder works great and arrived within two days . I am very happy with it .
 Ordering from Amazon was a first , it not being a book or CD . I was happy with the shipping arrangements , arriving via UPS . So far , so good . I 've shredded several papers and a credit card , but no lettuce ! One of the great features of this is whenever ` anyplace ' on top of the shredder is touched , it turns off within a second . Nice feature ! Happy harping !
 Bought this Fellows model Fellowes DS-1 after wasting money on all the other junk brands that were low cost . It works great !
 very powerful shredder and excellent reviews from others . also recommended on other websites . the step can is really handy to remove the waste .
 This is a great product with a lightweight easy to handle basket , however I did n't realize it had a five minute use period , unlike my old portable over the waste basket model which could shred documents indefinitely . If you have large amounts of shredding to do , you will have to do it in five minute segments . Recently , looking at cross shredders at the office supply store I noted that they all have shut off times , some as little as two minutes .
 This powerful , large-capacity shredder not only cross-cuts pretty impressive stacks of paper -LRB- with staples -RRB- , or even credit cards ... it looks pretty good , too . In a home office , especially , this is a good thing . The only knock is that the insert slot is a * tad * small . It BARELY fits regular size envelopes , and the slightly longer ones -LRB- that bills and junk mail come in -RRB- have to be fed diagonally . The unit itself does n't need to be bigger , just the slot . Because the unit actually holds a lot of shreddings , and the dump-able basket is awesome .
 This machine has worked very well for over a year . We shred a lot of mailings and personnel items and fill the machine about once a month.I would rate it 's ability to bulk shred as moderate to good . It 's not a commercial grade machine , but does a good job and we 've had no problems aside from one jam that was difficult to remove -LRB- too thick a stack of paper -RRB- and completely our fault.Keep it lubricated and it does great work ! Looks pretty good in the office , too !
 I bought this Fellowes Powershred after my IT Technology shredder whimped out . The reviews convinced me that the Fellowes Powershredder looked the best , and so far I have n't been disappointed .
 This is a very good shredder and I 've owned quite a few and this has to be the best so far . Well worth the money .
 Does a good fast job , was ready to go out of the box . A very worthwhile invesment for peace of mind .
 The Fellowes shredder does a good job . The only problem is that it 's messy when it 's time to empty the basket , even with a bag . I just got it , so time will tell about how it holds up . My son 's has his for about a year , and it 's doing well .
 I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a shredder that it super easy to use , because it shreds just about everything . No complaints here .
 Perfect for home use . I have no problem shredding papers or credit cards . Cuts in small enough pieces for every day use . If you want something that cuts smaller , then you need to invest some money and buy yourself a classified shredder . Awesome deal for the price and I am very confident that my information will be safe once it goes througy this shredder . It is only four stars because I had it for less than one month . If the shredder lasts more than one year , then I will give five stars . Highly recommended . Hope this helped !!!
 I purchased the Fellowes DS-1 Fashion Shredder with Step Can as well as the Fellowes Powershred Lubricant . This shredder is fantastic - I highly recommend it ! It easily shreds several pieces of paper at the same time , and it shreds extremely quickly compared to other , cheaper shredders I 've had in the past . Additionally , this shredder looks sleek and has an attractive mesh basket and shiny , metallic opening and power switch on top.Also , I decided to buy the Powershred Lubricant to extend the life of my shredder . The directions say to lube the shredder once after each full basket of shreddings -LRB- you just squirt it across the opening , it 's really fast and easy -RRB- . This is the first expensive paper shredder I 've ever purchased , and it is well worth the money . Previously , I tried to get away with buying inexpensive paper shredders to try to save money , but the cheap shredders all died on me pretty quickly , so they ended up being a waste of money after all . I am hoping this shredder will save me money in the long run .
 I 've owned my DS-1 shredder for a couple of months and love it . It features a strong motor and shredder teeth . I like the basket attachment which makes disposal easy . I 'm giving the product 4 stars because it recently stopped working ; only works in reverse . Manufacturer is sending me a replacement right away so they get a 5 stars for customer service .
 After going through three cheap shredders I finally got this one , and I am glad I did . It shreds through 10-12 sheets of paper with ease , and is strong enough to take junk mail envelope and all . The waste basket is large and on average I can go about a week without emptying it . It has a safety feature that shuts off the shredder instantly if a hand gets near the opening - a nice insurance feature if you have children . It has a nice , modern look to it to top it off . I do wish it was a tad quieter - it is rather loud , but I can overlook that .
 I have had this shredder for several weeks now and have gone through and cleaned many of my old files . I probably shredded several thousand sheets and the shredder has worked perfectly . I did buy the shredder oil and am making sure that I oil the shredder regularly but I have had no problems with this machine . I would buy this product again.I am adding this to my original review . I have now had the product for 10 months . It is still working great . I continue to oil the shredder about twice a month and have had no problems with the shredder . I probably shred 75 to 100 sheets a week . Moderate use but I continue to have an excellent experience with this shredder . I repeat my original statement that I would buy the product again .
 This is a wonderful product , however , if the plastic bag/liner is not lined up exactly , the shredded paper falls behind and onto the base ... SO , by putting a cardboard piece between the falling shredded paper and the bag/liner ... . there is much less errant shredded paper to pick up after ...
 Perfect for home use . Large basket , easily handles 11 sheets which means you can drop whole letters , e.g. , unwanted credit card offers , into it without needing to open your junk mail . I like the safety shutoff if fingers get too close , and the basket is easy to empty .
 The shredder has been great . It does everything it is advertised to do . I have only had it a few weeks but it has not jammed or left residual paper hanging from the blades which causes many jams . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 Shredder not only looks really cool and sleek in a professional office , but it works well . I did a once-in-a-decade cleaning out of my file cabinet and spent the better part of an hour shredding papers . This shredder kept up with me the whole time . When I put papers with staples into the machine , there was no difference in shredding speed or power when the staples went through .
 I feel safer having my documents shredded so finely , it 's not too terribly loud and I love that it stops when you touch the top and I do n't have to worry about the kids ' little fingers !
 A good workhorse shredder for home use . Handles with ease entire envelopes of credit card solicitations or credit card check offers . The basket is easy to remove , although it does spill some of the paper residue if you do n't shake it down first . Happy with this purchase .
 My history with shredders is extreme annoyance that I forget to empty the basket until it 's ready to overflow , and then I cause a mess to sweep/vaccuum/pick up . This basket show EXACTLY how full it is all the time so that I can always see when it 's about 3/4 full , which seems to be the ideal time to empty it.This is my third of these , one for my husband 's in-home office , and one for near our `` family '' computer , where I shred mail . I had to buy a replacement for mine , because this shredder is SO GOOD at junk mail I shredded an unopened `` please give '' appeal which contained a NICKEL which damaged the shredder mechanism beyond repair -LRB- it limped along after removing the offending coin , but the `` automatic '' feature was disabled and the nickel was nearly unrecognizable , so I gave up and replaced it . Needless to say , it 's EXCELLENT for shredding expired credit cards . The lesson learned is always open junk mail and `` charity '' appeals to check for non-shreddables . -RRB- It shreds as many sheets at a time as either of us needs for home/home office purposes , so it 's not necessarily commercial grade , but I LOVE it.It is a cross-cut , which is a nice feature . I doubt either of us is likely to be the object of someone `` re-assembling '' shredded documents/bills/credit card statements , but for the difference in price between this lesser shredders , the piece of mind is well worth it . Hubby is a little less impulsive in his shredding so his , bought new , is still going strong after 4 + years . We do run one of those sheets designed to `` lubricate '' the shredding mechanism through it from time to time and both are continuing to work perfectly .
 I have owned this shredder for 3 years and I have never had a problem . My daughter bought her shredder and paid $ 70.00 for it and it stopped working after a few months . I just purchased this shredder for her as a Christmas gift . I am sure she will love it as much as we do .
 This shredder exceeded my expectations and wish I had purchased one like this years ago . I highly recommend it .
 Does a good job , but slow with more than 3 sheets of paper at a time . It will shred credit cards well .
 I am really satisfied with this shredder . It does a terrific job of shredding several pieces of paper at the same time and does n't jam up . I like that I can see when the basket needs to be emptied .
 This shredder is purported to be able to shred 11 sheets at once and I 've done that quite a few times . I 've also shred credit cards with no issues . I admit this thing is only used once a week , but still , I 'd say 2.5 years of use is pretty good . Cross-cutting works pretty well . Identity thieves will certainly look for easier targets .
 This unit is both fast and durable . Best shredder I have ever used by far .
 After buying several cheaper models , the Fellowes finally has done the trick . It 's well made and the instructions are excellent . It 's the first shredder that recommends lubrication each time the basket is full . You can buy their oil and lubricating is a snap . Anybody who knows machinery knows lubrication is essential . So any machine that does n't require it is cutting corners or not giving the straight scoop . Excellent machine ! The auto stop safety feature is important if you have children around , too .
 Does everything as stated and is a lot better looking than most out in the market . I agree with everyone else that you should line it with a plastic bag or else clean up will be a pain in the neck when the machine 's full .
 This unit replaces a previous shredder which is now in shredder Heaven . This shredder performs as advertised . It handles up to 11 pages at a time making nice bits and pieces . It 's reverse feature cleans out the shredder blades and prevents clogging . A must have for securityphobic people .
 this item really exceeds my expectations , fast and great cutting confetti type i just love it
 Works Great . But maybe its because I had such a bad shredder before.Im very happy with it .
 Do n't waste your money on cheaper shredders that stop working just when you need them to do some medium duty work . If you get a lot of junk mail like I do , this is the shredder for you . My previous shredder constantly overheated , and I would then wait 15 to 20 minutes for it to cool down before I could shred again . Well , my 2 year old shredder finally died , and I needed a replacemnet that can handle more than just lite duty work . This shredder cross cuts , which provides better ID theft protection than straight cutters can . The first day I hooked this baby up I filled a 30 gallon trash bag of junk mail that accumulated after 2 months I was without a shredder . My previous shredder would have caught fire with this much shredding . Has a nice child proof feature , like quick auto shut off if your hand touches the paper slot . Overheat indicator and reverse switch , which I have yet to use . Well built , heavy , should last a long time . It 's a bit loud , but hey , it 's a home shredder not a 5 hundred dollar office machine .
 This is more stylish than most . Not sure how powerful it is , because it does not seem to be as strong as our last one that bit the dust . Overall I am pleased with the purchase , value , & design .
 Really pleased with this . Been using it for 10 days to catch up on bags full of paper and such . Seems quite sturdy . Has not jammed nor over-heated while I spend c. 15 minutes at a time stuffing wads of paper with occasional staples and plastic into it . Love the design
 The Fellowes DS-1 has performed very well so far . It seems to have a powerful motor that has taken care of all of our minor shredding needs . It has n't jammed on us yet , but we are n't forcing the issue by running more than 2-3 pages through it at a time . We found that it is best to empty the can before it gets too full because cleanup can be messy otherwise . In the past we have only purchased cheap -LRB- < $ 40 -RRB- shredders which we ended up throwing away after about a year so we were ready to spend more money on a good shredder . Time will tell whether this is a good investment , but so far we are happy with this purchase .
 After suffering through two lesser paper shredders , spending too many hours clearing paper clogs , I discovered the Fellowes DS-1 Fashion Shredder with Step Can . It 's much more than a fashion statement , with a a powerful motor , a great cross-cut shredder blade system , and more feet per minute of shredding capacity than similarly priced units . Because of its mesh basket , it is a bit louder than the enclosed plastic shredders , but its other features more than make up for the noise . And the metal mesh step can is easy to remove for emptying , without requiring that you lift the heavy cutting system to dump the paper shreds.I hope to be using this shredder for a long time ... and did I mention that its warranty is longer than those for similar units , in case I do encounter a problem with it ?
 I 've had this shredder for 2 years now and it 's an excellent machine.For its size and price I 've been very happy with the consistency of it 's shredding.Only got jammed once or twice and that was probably more my fault .
 My 4 year old Powershred DS-1 suddenly stopped shredding , and would only work in reverse . Looking for a replacement Fellowes in Amazon , I found my exact broken shredder model listed here , with others having exact same problem with their newer shredders . Following suggestion from two of the reviewers , I first repeatedly tapped the little plastic plastic sensor tab with a piece of folded typing paper , but no response . Then I carefully vacuumed the interior , and when it still did n't work except in reverse , I again repeatedly tapped the plastic switch with the folded paper and it finally responded . My old DS-1 is working fine again - thanks !
 So far this shredder has worked fine.I use it in my home office and no complaints so far.I dont work the machine too much , only a couple of papers here and there but it does work out almost every day for a few moments.The paper waste is easy to remove and holds all the paper cuts in place . Easy to dispose of the waste also into a plastic bag or trash can.Usefull machine .
 The Fellowes powershred works well is easy to empty with the tilt out basket and shreds consistently .
 All of the previous reviews were helpful.The comfort of knowing when I throw out shredded documents they will not be rumaged through is peace of mind.I kept my old shredder to use on paper that does not have any name or numbers on them to lessen the workload.A 13 gallon trashbag collects scraps.I owned it for 2 months and have no complaints .
 Great looking shredder , very sleek and classy look . Shreds nicely , good price from Amazon.com . 4.5 stars since it works as required , but loses points for the waste basket.I do n't like the mesh can because it allows a lot of paper dust to escape during and after the shredding process . You would n't think much of it , but that 's a lot of paper dust floating around your office and into your lungs . I 'd prefer a closed waste basket design to cut down on the dust .
 The shredder is doing great after one month of use , and I hope it will continue . I previously had a less expensive brand shredder that constantly jammed after less than a year of light home use . With the Fellowes shredder now , I only shred at most 3-4 pages , not the 11-or-so claimed , at one time , and only shred for about 10 minutes per session -LRB- I had a backlog of shredding because my old one constantly jammed , so I stopped wasting time trying to clear it every few minutes -RRB- . I also use the Fellowes brand oil as recommended . WIth the backlog gone , I now shred at most 5-6 pages a day , mostly junk credit card offers . If this shredder does not last at this usage rate for many years , I will be extremely unsatisfied with the product .
 This was definitely a great purchase . Kind of spur of the moment , but we really wanted something that was going to shred through all of the clutter and do a great job at it . This thing slices through paper like a hot knife through butter , and even does a great job with credit cards as well . We are very careful about removing any sticky residue left on paper as most shredders seem to have a problem with the sticky stuff , so we have never ran into a problem with jamming . The mesh basket is cause for a small mess , but nothing that our Dyson ca n't pick up in a flash . The mesh basket however was a great inventive idea as it prevents the suction of paper into the bottom of the basket and removes the need to pry the paper out when emptying the basket . The only issue we run into is that it tends to scare the crap out of the kids . It is VERY noisy and not for the person who wants a completely quiet home at all times . All in all , a great product for the price .
 After doing some research and owning a cheaper shredder model , I decided to purchase this shredder . So far it was a wise decision . I have seen it elsewhere for a lot more money . I have been using it to shred up all my old and new personal documents and it is awesome . I put a kitchen garbage bag in the can and it keeps all the little paper pieces contained within the bag , and I can just keep reusing the same bag . It really is a smooth shredder and it keeps on working , no jams , etc. . Great Buy !
 Have used this about a month and had no problems . It 's a little noisy but otherwise a great shredder . Past shredders were difficult to empty and would bog down on a few sheets ... not this guy . It 's a winner .
 I purchased this shredder for our home office because the last one I had purchased at Circuit City -LRB- not this brand -RRB- lasted on a hundred or so pages . This shredder works amazingly well , but does not really like to shred over 6 pages at a time -LRB- sometimes less depending on the thickness of the paper . -RRB- But , and maybe because I do n't do more than a couple of pages at a time , I have not had any problems that some others reported about the machine overheating . I have used it for about an hour straight & have not had a problem . The way it strains though if you put too many papers in at once I can see where it might have an overheating problem if you kept doing that . If you do n't want an overheating problem , do n't overload it . I have run through many file boxes of old paperwork & it just keeps on shredding.The only `` problem '' I have found with it is that if your paper is as wide as the feeding slot , sometimes the shredded paper on the edges does n't completely push through , so every once in a while when you empty the basket , check the cutter bottom for hanging scraps - it works better that way.In closing , I love it . It 's the only shredder I have ever purchased that actually works - & lasts ! It works so well my best friend is buying one too .
 We bought this after watching a review on the local television channel . Every inexpensive cross shredder we 've had -LRB- and we 've had several -RRB- only lasted a few months . We shred a lot and need something that is fast , efficient , and reliable at a reasonable price . So far this seems to be it!January 2010 update - Almost 4 years after we bought this , it still works , and we use it a lot . I sometimes do dumb things like try to shred too many sheets at once . This is the most forgiving shredder I 've ever had , better even than the very expensive fancy one at work . Still looks brand new too .
 I had a lot of year end papers to go through and decided to purchase a confetti shredder to help prevent identity theft . I gathered up a bunch of papers to be shredded and tested out my new shredder . I love it . You have to remove the styrofoam wedged between the unit and the removeable can first , plug it in , test that the safety light works and then it 's good to go . I was going through all my year end papers for about 4 hours , shredding large amounts of papers while I went - the shredder never gave out on me once . I counted out 11 pages and it shreds them easily , albeit a little slower than it would shred 1 piece . I 'm not sure what the limit of it is , but it was chewing up big handfuls of paper , staples , credit cards , all with ease . Did n't jam up or have any problems . I like how simple and reliable it is to use . The next few days after that , my boyfriend has been using it a lot as he went through his year end papers without any problems either.I do have 2 small complaints . Small , meaning - they do n't bother me and would not deter me from buying this product again .1 . It 's still messy - but that may just be the nature of the beast . It 's a LOT less messy than the shredders where you have to lift off the motor to empty the paper bin -LRB- I MUCH prefer this style -RRB- . When you 're shredding , the bin holds everything nicely , but when you 're emptying out the bin , expect to have to vacuum a little afterwards .2 . There was a little rubber pad that was glued onto the base - I 'm assuming it was a nonskid rubber pad for the bin to rest on - well that promptly came unglued and I just tossed it . Still , it would have been nice if it was more securely fastened.What I like about it :1 . It 's a good price . I think it was the cheapest I would have to spend for a reliable unit that worked well , looked good , and held enough shredded paper that I did n't have to empty the bin every few minutes .2 . I like the pull out bin rather than have to wrestle lifting off the entire motor , dropping bits of paper all over the floor while I empty the bin . The pullout bin is very easy to empty out .3 . It 's more attractive than other units .4 . Worked very well and I do n't foresee it giving out any time soon . Very sturdy unit , yet small enough to tuck out of the way - like a regular trash can .5 . One large slot that everything goes into and it chewed up everything I threw out it . It 's simple design works very well and is quite efficient.I ordered some shredder lubricant to go with it.I would highly recommend this item .
 I made the mistake of puchasing a couple of the cheaper shredders in the past . I figured that I could get away with it since I do n't shred that many items . After learning my lesson and having those ones break down on me , I finally looked into a better quality shredder with a little more strength and shredding capability . I purchased this shredder -LRB- the Fellowes DS-1 -RRB- and it is worth every penny!My criteria were :1 . A shredder with a slide-out wastebasket.I do n't like having to pull off the -LRB- usually heavy -RRB- top portion of a shredder in order to empty it . I prefer the slide-out basket style of the DS-1 . Due to the large basket and smaller shred cuts , the DS-1 step can has tons of capacity before you have empty it . I find that it is easier to use and empty without lining with a plastic bag , but it 's up to you .2 . Ability to shred mail -LRB- i.e. tons credit card offers ! -RRB- immediately without having to open it.The DS-1 performs effortlessly , even at a continuous pace . It never seems to strain and is pleasantly quiet . Not silent of course , but much less noisy than previous shredders I 've had . It also handles credit cards , small paper clips , and staples with ease . I also purchased some shredding lubricant oil for the cutters and use it as directed.I 'm extremely happy with this shredder and use it daily to shred items any personal information on it as well as all of the junk mail I receive daily . It handles the shredding effortlessly and I do n't have to empty it out every time I use it . Plus , the unit looks really nice in the room ! Not one of my initial criteria but it certainly helps !
 It seems to be working fine . I went through several cheap shredders first . Most of the cheap ones are worthless , and if they work at all they do n't last long .
 Just what I needed for my home office . My first use was to clear out a decade 's worth of old financial papers . Over a few days , I generated three large garbage bags of shreds for recycle , which is the heaviest duty I 'll ever need from a shredder . The DS1 never missed a beat . It 's strong enough for what I need to do , and looks good doing it .
 I 've had this shredder over two months . It 's not cheap looking and it feels solid . It shreds quickly and efficiently -LRB- 11 pages no problem , unlike other shredders -RRB- and the child safety features are important . The bin is large enough that you do n't have to empty it as often . I shred maybe 30 sheets a week , so I empty it once every 3 weeks or so . And , it 's so easy to empty . Do n't forget the lubricant , though . You should use it every time you empty the bin . Highly recommended.Update
 We have had three other shredders before this one -- some less expensive and some more expensive . This , by far , is the best one we have had . I do not regret this purchase at all . It does the job and does it very well . I also like not having to remove the top portion to empty the paper . The basket is much easier to handle . Love it !!
 I have had this shredder for over a month now and love it . The sleek design and function make this the best shredder I have purchased . I have gone through 4 shredders over the past few years . I bought one move expensive than this one that only lasted 6 months . This shredder runs quieter than most and can easily handle its maximum number of sheets without issue . The price was great and well worth it .
 Gobbles-up full sealed `` credit offer '' envelopes without straining.Terrific safety features.Good looking.Large , easy to empty basket .
 I have owned this shredder since January , 2007 and it continues to perform with daily use . Please do not waste your money on the cheap ones since they die after very little use . The DS-1 looks pretty good for a shredder and is simple to use and maintain . It loves to shred credit cards -LRB- a favorite characteristic of my husband 's -RRB- . This is a must have for anyone with sensitive documents or those wishing to avoid identity theft . And it is now -LRB- 4/12/07 -RRB- $ 10.00 cheaper than when I got mine .
 This shredder although a bit more expensive than others is worth every penny . Shreds great , looks stylish . Highly recommended !
 This shredder is perfect for home use . I purchased this unit solely for the child guard feature . This safety feature is perfect . Highly recommended .
 This shredder is excellent for home use . It is quiet and the ease of emptying the shredded waste is superior ! Highly recommend for home use !
 I could n't agree more with the other reviewers - it is an excellent shredder for home use - I have n't ventured shredding credit cards yet -LRB- besides I only have one ! -RRB- - Special thanks to Mr. Hughes for the tip on setting the basket right - I thought mine had all-of-a-sudden inexplicably `` died '' - so ... I started to look on line to buy another one and that 's when I came across Mr Hughe 's review and tip on the basket - thanks again !
 Having broken several paper shredders -LRB- after very little use -RRB- , I ordered this based on other reviews and found that it really lives up to the hype . Use for home office and I do n't put more than 7 or 8 sheets at a time .
 I have only had it for about a month , and I have n't subjected it to huge volumes of paper at once . But so far it has worked like a charm , and I would definitely recommend it .
 Before this purchase , I did n't know anything about shredders , except that I needed one , and I was skeptical about the abilities of this shredder , considering the price . It has since proven an excellent purchase . It is designed well and works smoothly . Heads up , first time shredder users -- put a plastic bag inside the container .
 I did n't take it out of the packaging for a week or more . It works perfectly so far .
 We bought the DS-1 shredder to replace a shredder that finally gave out on us . Of course , we like the fact that it is a cross-cut shredder and not just one that cuts paper into strips and has the power to cut up even credit cards and CD 's . What is new for us is the , `` safe sense '' to keep your fingers from accidentally being caught in the shredder and easily removable tilt-out mesh basket that is easier to see when it is full . With this model we do n't have to lift the shredder motor off the top of the basket to empty it .
 Bought this to replace a cheap-o -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- shredder that we had been using for about 2 years . The wife fed one too many spam credit card offers through the old one and it clogged . I took it to bits and cleared the jam , but could n't get it to fit quite back together again , so I had to junk it.This Fellowes one is pretty heavy duty . Hardly slows down when mangling four or 5 sheets at once . it is quite large , and the inverted cone shape takes a bit of getting used to . I use this in a home office environment.I 'm not sure how effective the auto-shut off would be in an emergency , because the cutters , motor and gears have some inertia and it takes them a second or two to come to a complete stop . Perhaps they would stop quicker with the load of a finger or two in there , but I still think there would be some injury . Another worry is that the shut-off does n't latch - the instant you stop touching it , the motor starts again . There ought to be a delay really.The bin is quite large , but if you let it fill right to the top , you 're not going to get it out without spilling confetti all over your carpet . Some of the confetti ends up in the bottom of the shredder , so that needs vacuuming out occasionally . The basket just sits in the shredder , so it can be knocked out of place easily by a carelessly placed foot or an inquisitive child . If it is not installed in the correct position , the shredder does n't run .
 This seems to be a well manufactured cross cut shredder . The wheels on the cutterss are above the bottom of the housing that hold the cutters . The basket is large enough to hold close to a months worth of shreds if you only do name and address of things tobe shredded.The basket will hold a plastic bag to catch all of the shreds and contain them to be recycled .
 I have n't had it for very long yet -LRB- maybe 2 months -RRB- but it does the job so far . I was a little disappointed to read in the users manual that it should n't be used for more than 10 minutes or so continuously , due to overheating . However , I bought it because our old shredder died suddenly and I had quite a backlog of shredding . I worked my way through it for about 3 hours non-stop without any issues . Now I have it set up so I can easily keep on top of it stuff does n't pile up.One of the best features I like most is that I do n't have to unfold these letters that come with one of those fake credit cards . It chews right through it . Also the mesh receptacle is easy to empty . No complaints so far , I hope it stays that way .
 Best shredder of three -LRB- Two others were Ativas -RRB- that I have used!The Fellows Powershredder performs as other reviews I 've read have stated , and more : Non-jamming , easy to empty , quieter than most and reliable!Best of all , it actually shreds the amount of paper it claims to!Worth every penny !
 The Fellowes DS-1 Crosscut shredder is the best shredder on the market for the value-conscious home user that wants advanced features , but can not afford the industrial shredders that really obliterate paper products into dust . This shredder makes about 3/32 '' strips by just over an inch for up to several sheets at a time . It is fast and the motor should last a long time when occasionally run in reverse and lubricated properly.The touch sensor at the port of entry for the paper is good to protect the fingers of children and of the one doing the shredding . The only drawback is if paper is if several sheets of paper are placed into the port of entry before the previous several sheets have advanced through the machine . Otherwise , long , linguini-like strips ensue . However , it is easily unclogged with the reverse function and a single sheet of paper to drive out the buildup.Bottom line
 I bought this shredder for the removable basket feature . It allows you to empty the shredder before it is jam packed and overflowing . It comes out easily without having to lift or move the heavy cutting section and makes for easy disposal . It goes through paper like butter and seems to shred faster than my last one . It 's a little larger than some shredders but I prefer to empty less often and looks fine in my home office.Very , very satisfied .
 This shredder is quick , compact and powerful enough for home use . The step can is the best feature by far . My old shredder had the motor sitting on top of the can . I DREADED having to empty that thing . The motor weighed a ton , pieces of confetti would fly everywhere and my bags would n't fit over the top of it . With this Fellowes shredder , all I have to do is step on the can , lift it out and dump it in a normal size trash bag . And best of all , there are no more confetti parades !
 shreds through credit cards , unopened envelopes with advertisements and thin catalogs or brochures . the basket is a good size too .
 We have only had the machine for about one month . So far it has operated flawlessly . It is a little noisy but easy to overlook . It is , afteralla shreder .
 The shredder is working fine right now . Because of other bad reviews however , I 'm being extremely delicate with it . But I have no complaints as of yet .
 Out of the box it works great . I like the upright design . The pull out basket is nice , but it does leave a small mess ... but nothing unexpected . It looks good , according to my Wife . I 'll update this in a year and document it 's performance . It 's a home-use shredder , 3-4 times a week less than 3 minutes each use .
 I am pleased with this purchase from Amazon . My last Fellowes shredder lasted 4 + years of regular use , and so this go around I purchased this larger unit . Right off it has more speed , more noise -LRB- expected -RRB- , and a much larger and easy to access waste basket . I need to get used to the faster speed , if you feed the paper carelessly , it can bog down the motor . I recomment this unit for home use or small office use .
 This machine does a great job shredding documents , credit cards , etc. . We 've had it for 2 + years . The only negative thing I can say is that I wish I had purchased a model with larger waste capacity . That was clearly my call , not a problem with the product . It does what it the manufacturer advertised . Next time I would buy a larger Fellowes Powershred .
 I have owned three different shredders . This one is big ! I like the mesh front so I can see when it needs to be emptied . It is a nice looking machine . I like the safety sensor light that keeps accidents from occuring . I have n't tried to put 11 sheets in it at once , but it does n't hesitate to grind all the papers I put in it .
 No stranger to inferior shredders , I was delighted when the Fellowes DS-1 easily handled multiple sheets of paper , CD 's and the usual disposables with very smooth controls , a much appreciated catch basket that is easy to empty and a sleek design . I purchased this for my father who is notorious for being tough on office equipment ; he 's no match so far for this product ! Did I mention its safety features ?
 My old shredder broke and I sure do n't miss it !!! This baby purrs through several sheets of paper with ease . The basket is easy to empty and to see when it 's full . The shipping package was very easy to deal with and there was no assembly at all.This is an excellent for home use and is a far cry from my older similarly priced shredder . Highly recommended for home use !!
 This is a very good shredder for the $ Noisy , but I think you need to spend a lot more money for a quiet machine !
 Finally a shredder that you can put more than one piece of paper in.Just used it for the first time , but so far , so good !
 I 've had this shredder for a couple months now . Its an excellent shredder for the price , and can handle almost anything I put into it . My only concern is that the blades seem to be more noise than before , even after oiling - hopefully it lasts longer than my last shredder .
 Best quality ever seen in a shredder as well as , price . Husband loved it .
 For those of you who 've had to prematurely scrap cheaper shredders due to over -LRB- ab -RRB- use this is the answer . I 've now had the Powershred DS-1 for over a month and it is a beast.There is nothing that will make it jam or halt . It even sounds better than normal shredders ! Do yourself a favor and spend a few extra bucks on this baby-you wo n't regret it .
 Have had a couple of cheaper ones . This one is sturdy and shreds right though , as advertised !!
 This shredder is worth the price . It shreds completely and is easy to clean .
 Love this shredder . My old shredder was always jamming and I finally burned it up so decided to try this shredder . It handles 7 pages easily and with the pop out basket , it makes it so easy to dispose of the shred . I lined the basket with a plastic bag so it is even easier to empty out .
 I purchased this item for a family member who has a small business . What caught my attention was the size of the cash register and the price .
 This works well once you take about 30 mins to program it . Overall I would reccommend this to anybody .
 It 's a good cash register for the money . I own a season Christmas Tree farm . I have an outdoor lot . It is often cold and sometimes wet . I need a cash register that will work well in less than favorable conditions , but I do n't want to spend a lot on once because I know even the best ones will eventually die in the nasty conditions.So far this season the register is working well . On days often only in the upper 20s the register worked well . Other registers I 've had stopped working because of the cold , but this one kept working.Programming is simple It comes programmed with basic tax and tax-free departments . All you have to do is program the date and time and tax rate , and all is ready ! Other registers I 've had recently you have to program the tax rate for each and every department which can take forever!The only complaints I have is that the printing is a bit slow and you ca n't make receipt copies . Other than that this is a good little register for the money .
 The cash register works as expected . I take it to trade/craft shows and it works out just fine .
 I bought this register refurbished from this seller for my business . I got it a week later and started using it the minute I got it out of the box . I love it ! It fits my business needs and is perfect for my business . The only bad thing is it takes real long for the paper to print and it is very loud . If you have a big business that does 100 's of sales in a day I would n't get this register only because it 's slow and the motherboard will short out faster .
 We use this Sharp XEA102 cash register for our small business , both in the shop and at shows , and have been fairly happy with the features and performance . This is about as basic as we would want to go since we need the ability to assign product keys to keep track of different categories of sale items . Here are my observations : Pros - + Good Basic Functions ; can set tax rate , product keys , daily totals , etc + Easy to Use ; once setup -LRB- see `` Cons '' below -RRB- , it is easy to run and to teach employees to useCons -- Cumbersome to Setup ; following the directions will work , but far from intuitiveThis meets our needs and has been very reliable , even after moving it around between the shop and several shows a year.Recommended!CFH
 Wounderfoam gaint puzzle was just what we were looking for . Our grandchildren realy liked it as their Christmas gift , and I 'm sure they will enjoy playing it ; as both like doing puzzles and it is educational for them . Very good experience purchasing on Amazon ; will purchase from them again . Thanks ! Amparo & Sonny
 $ 40 may sound like a lot for a foam floor puzzle , but our 2.5yr-old boys got this for Christmas and its become their favorite toy . One boy already knows his states better than his mom , `` No mama , New Jersey goes right here ! '' Unlike most other floor puzzles , each piece is shaped like a state , instead of the ubiquitous `` puzzle '' shape . There are also some inset shapes within a state , our favorite is the `` arch '' in Missouri . In my opinion , these more varied shapes allow for fun learning , whereas the common `` puzzle '' shapes are more of a trial and error exercise.Unfortunately , the ink labelling each state has started to rub off . I ca n't tell the Great Lakes apart anymore , not that I really could before . But , we called the company and they have offered to ship us a whole new replacement puzzle . That 's pretty impressive.We 're starting to look around for more puzzles like this . I 'd love to find one of the world or even just other countries . A great idea and a great buy .
 I read reviews for many giant maps of the US before deciding on this one , and it was a GREAT choice ! I have a 6 year old and a 4 year old and their dad travels a lot for work . I wanted to have a great hands-on tool to help them connect with his travels better and this has worked wonderfully . They love putting the puzzle together over and over and over ! The foam pieces are nice because they are more durable than cardboard pieces for repeated use . It also makes it easy to trace the states onto a seperate paper in order to learn about `` where Daddy is today '' . I like that each state is it 's own piece - it allows the kids to learn the shape and placement of the State better without being impossible to solve.I also like that some of the states have cutout pictures on them . My 6 year old has actually remembered some of the states by what picture is on it ... when dad was in Colorado , he said `` oh I remember , that is the one with the mountains on it '' . All around a great investment !
 My 2.5 yr old loves this puzzle . We can put it together on our carpet and even when he walks on it , it does n't come apart.We love that each state has its own piece -LRB- except RI -RRB- . I do think that some of the landmarks are a little odd , but they are still good to know.We have not had an issue with ink smudging at all . However , make sure it comes with all the pieces before giving this as a gift . Ours came with 4 missing pieces . The company was really good about sending a replacement , so do n't let that deter you . The puzzle is worth it to us .
 We looked at probably a dozen different USA puzzles before finally settling on this one . It was by far the best , most accurate one . The states are all the correct shape , Hawaii and Alaska attach at the proper spot , even with a bridge piece that tells how far away they are from the continental US , the pieces have interlocking jigsaw shape to hold them together so they do n't move around once attached , Michigan is correctly attached as 2 parts -LRB- rather than the Upper Peninsula being attached to Wisconsin -RRB- and each state is separate , even in New England where they are small . Our six year old loves putting together this puzzle . He needed help the first time , but then he put it together by himself after that.So far I have n't noticed any problems with the ink smearing . I rubbed at it and it seemed to stay put . So either the company has changed that since the negative reviews , or maybe it 'll wear off later ? But so far I 'm very happy with this puzzle . -LRB- Although our Alaska and Hawaii bridge pieces read the same distance from the US , so one of them is the wrong one . Oh well . -RRB- If I had any complaints at all about this puzzle , it 's that I wish every state had a special cultural piece , like the Golden Gate Bridge or Michigan 's automobile , etc. . I also wish ALL of the ones that are currently included were printed on . Some of them have printed detail to them , while some are just the blank shape . But I still love this puzzle and I 'm glad I chose this one over all the others .
 Arrived on time and in great shape . Grandson likes it very much . However it is confusing on how to put it together when you want to see what is on the back . Otherwise a good learning experience .
 This is a great learning tool . All of the states are seperate pieces but the all interlock . Which is great ! and the different colors and the feel of it is a winner with all the cousins when they come over too !
 I purchased this for my nephew . As a former preschool teacher , I knew he would love it . He enjoys puzzles , and was acle to do this with a little help.Its big and bright and a great way to learn the names of the states
 I purchased this after doing some research on shredders . What I found was that the most important security aspect of a shredders is particle size . This shredder literally blows away the competition as its particle size is 1/8 '' x 9/32 '' pieces -LRB- 3 x 9 mm -RRB- . If you check Epinions , you will see a more thorough review of this shredder.In performance , it works great , 12 sheets can be shredded at once . Has a built in overload feature that will automatically reverse the feed if it feels it swalled too much , as well as an automatic reverse switch . The build construction looks solid and the bin holds 300 shredded sheets , which makes it a nice waste receptical as well : - -RRB-
 As the name says , it 's a hardboard clipboard with high capacity clip . Solidly made , it will comfortably hold an inch or so tall stack of paper . There 's no designated pen holder , but a Bic will hang onto the clip just fine while you stroll from one meeting to the next and back to your cubicle and only comes off if you wallop someone with the clipboard really hard .
 Got the clipboard , it 's a tan color as opposed to the brown color pictured , but that was n't a problem . Thin , light , fairly stiff , and the sticker says it 's made of recycled wood and fibers -LRB- and made in the USA -RRB- which is a plus .
 I just assumed that this was a full size clipboard . I ordered several and was disappointed to find out the true size but actually if you fold or tear a sheet of notebook paper in half it fits perfectly . Also the size is very convenient to carry around and they seem to be working out quite well . I deducted a star for unclear advertising . Also they show two clipboards and you only get one but they are actually well made and of five star quality . Very strong spring wont easily let go of your papers .
 There 's often not much to say about a clipboard beyond whether or not its a dependable product . Conclusion
 It is really hard to write twenty words about this product . It really is great - indeed the best I 've found . I truly hate those plastic ones that break soon after you use them.Buy one . Take it from me .
 The clipboard has taken some beatings whilst I 've used it , and it has held up very well . Nice surface to write on , easy to grip and will fit onto a wall hook .
 I was a little skeptical at getting a clipboard I could n't really look at before purchasing , but I was already ordering some other stuff and I 'm far from office supply stores . I ended up pleasantly surprised ! The construction is just as solid as anything you 'd find in a Staples or Office Depot . The clip itself is attached to the board so well that it 'll never start wiggling around on you , the clip holds papers great -LRB- never lets go of them unless you want it to , but does n't crease them -RRB- , and the board is really sturdy and not warped.Simply put , its a good clipboard , and does what its supposed to . It wo n't leave you thinking `` dang it , why did n't I buy something nicer ? '' When other people think that , its because they did n't buy this one .
 I bought these for work . They are very lightweight but work quite well for our purposes and are worth the price .
 Very hand and sturdy product - well worth its price.The clip on the top is very strong to hold up to at least a medium stack of papers.I use this for my civil engineering surveying class for school when we go out for field work.Good stuff .
 This clipboard is exactly what i was looking for - clean , basic , and sturdy . I painted it black and it looks really nice in my office . Wish I had purchased a couple more !
 This clipboard is made of really good/hard quality wood and is perfect for my note-taking . It 's not at all cheaply made , as I was expecting . The price is terrific .
 Nothing beats this old standby . I 've had a couple of these for years , then I tried some cardboard ones but the Saunders recycled hardboard are definitely better . They 're harder and provide a firmer backing . I have no complaints .
 These storage boxes look even better than online . They are sturdy , more square vs. rectangular and larger with measurements closer to 10x10x12 .5 , 12.5 x12 .5 x14 and 15.5 x15 .5 x15 .5 . -LRB- estimates not actuals -RRB- . And if you ca n't tell by the photos , the grommets are silver . They will work well for my storage/decorating purposes . I 'd buy them again !
 Saw this product used at a meeting of county building administrators . It really helps with blueprints .
 I am so happy to have found this item . It is impossible to find in the store . It shipped right away and is exactly what I wanted .
 I use half sheets a lot for my sermon preparation and this notebook is a great way to store those half sheets . These are very hard to find in stores and the price was great online .
 these were very inexpensive and sturdy enough to do exactly what I needed them to do.The colour is quite nice and goes very well with our red color scheme for out office . Will buy again
 Ordered these binders for children with communication disorders to use as picture exchange books . Perfect size !
 AVERY-DENNISON Economy Round Ring Binders are very durable and they are the perfect size for my paperwork that I use as a reference when I blog .
 For a desk that is a step above the cheap particle board you can buy in your local store , this desk , and the Bush Series A system as a whole , ca n't be beat . With the entire system , it is very flexible and the desks are very well built . We use the Bush Series A desks all throughout our company and have never had an issue . They look beautiful and perform just as well.If you want to spend a bit more , and get a step up , check out the Series C -LRB- I think its called -RRB- . They are built even a little more sturdy but you pay for it .
 I was hesitant at first to spend that much on a bulk purchase of envelopes . But these will save you a lot of money and frustration in the long term . You save money on shipping since these can be used to ship First Class Mail , and you do n't have to keep purchasing new envelopes week to week or month to month . The shipping price -LRB- when buying the envelopes -RRB- adds to their cost , but they come in a big box ; I can imagine it must cost what the seller is charging for the shipping price . The Shipping was prompt . I made an order on Jan 21 and I received the product on Jan 26 . Not too shabby .
 I 'm a small Amazon reseller and this is exactly what I was looking for . This package includes the envelopes I need to ship books and DVDs of all sizes .
 Buying these bubble envelopes are costly in stores especially if you 're buying them one by one . Buying this variety pack is definitely worth it and will save you money in the long run . The only downside with these envelopes are no lines to write the addresses . But I can deal with that and it does n't really bother me .
 As advertised , these are sturdily built with heavier gauge kraft paper and bubble wrap than the Jiffylite brand . The flap adhesive is also very strong . And , at least the # 0 size is also a little larger
 I needed a large number of inexpensive bags for as little money as possible and these have turned out to be a great purchase . I used these for Amazon Marketplace sales and they fit the need . I do wish there had been more # 2 bags , since I find them to be the overall most useful size . I 've used up all the mid-size bags and have been left with almost nothing but # 0 and # 5 bags.But if you want a lot of very inexpensive bags that strike a nice balance between quality and cost , you ca n't beat these .
 These are sturdy well made mailers , & the price is much lower than you would find at the local business , drug , or grocery store . I like having all the sizes available to me when I need them . Good Product , Good price .
 This is a great selection of bubble mailers suitable for sending out multiple items of varying sizes . The mailers are very sturdy and have that great self seal closure . The package also arrived just in time for me to send out my auctions . Thanks !
 I use these to ship out items for my small at home business . They work great . They hold up well and having many different sizes to choose from is great . Buying a large box like this is much cheaper and easier than buying them separately at the local store . I have ordered them twice so far and will continue to do so .
 I bought them for shipping my Amazon and Ebay sales and I feel like a got a lot of good quality mailers for the money . Will buy these again when current batch is used up .
 Bought this for eBaying some xBox and DS games . The smallest size work great for Nintendo DS games including the case . It is everything you need to mail something out securely and a great price .
 I have used some other brands of padded mailers that just did not hold up very well . This brand has a stronger adhesive strip . Some brands , such as SCOTCH that I have used would tear at the corners , not have adhesive to each end , and just felt flimsy . I was having to use packaging tape to make sure they stayed sealed . So it is very nice not to have to worry about the ones that I received . There is a nice selection of sizes for sending CD 's and smaller books . Even the padding bubbles seemed to be of better quality . I would order from this seller again . Only a one day delay , noted with UPS , in the shipping . But with the tracking number I was able to know what the delay was .
 Out of all the writing instruments available for sufferers of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and other hand cramping problems , this is by far the most comfortable writing instrument to date.Works equally well for left or right handed users . High polished chrome with black high impact rubber trim , this pen is perfect for all writing occasions.The neck strap has a break-away feature that prevents the wearer from getting caught , hung up , or pulled in any situation . Slips easily over the head , the pen removes from the screw tip easily and quickly re-inserts after use to make sure your pen is always handy when you need it.The design of black and chrome has a nice `` executive '' look to it . Unlike the plastic pastel and neon colored similar pens , this one has a more professional look and does n't look like a `` toy '' like the others do . A great match for the professional look in a business environment.Reasonably priced and refillable with any standard stick pen refill . Makes a great gift too !
 I ordered this drafting chair online after looking for days in the stores and having no luck . This was actually the cheapest chair I could find , but it works like a gem . It was easy to assemble and I use it day in and day out at school as a chair for my podium . Kids constantly sit on it and roll around and it has n't shown any sign of wear yet . The shipping was super fast and actually came in far before I expected it . All in all , I am very happy with my purchase .
 It is comfortable and the hieght I needed . I wish the foot ring were adjustable but I knew it was n't before I ordered .
 I purchased two of these chairs several months ago and have been very happy with their comfort and durability . Everyone in the family uses them daily and they have held up under ALOT of abuse . Please note that the footrest is not adjustable height-wise -LRB- if you need that option -RRB- . Overall I 'd say that you could n't find a better deal anywhere else . I already looked . : -RRB-
 Love it , love it , love it ! Looked everywhere locally for a chair like this and could not find anything . Found this one , bought it and got it early and I could n't be happier . It 's great . Very easy to assemble , too . I use it at my craft table -LRB- which is higher for quilting -RRB- and it 's great for scrapbooking also .
 I bought this chair for my wife , she is into scrapebooking and her work bench is to high for regular chairs . I searched the net and could not find a better deal except through Amazon . This chair is strong and sturdy with clean looks and best of all , my wife loves it .
 This is a nice sturdy chair made in China . I was impressed with the overall construction and there are a few nice features :1 -RSB- The seat back -LRB- on the side away from the user -RRB- has both padding and a rubber edge , so if you were to hit something while swiveling the blow would be softened .2 -RSB- The foot rest is heavy-duty and does not wobble at all.Note
 Perfect chair for my craft room . Quick delivery and easy directions to follow . Chair seems durable and set up took less than 15 minutes . Will recommend to my crafty friends.Office / Lab / Classroom Drafting Chair / Adjustable to 28.5 '' / 360 Footrest & Swivel / Pneumatic Lift / BLACK
 I must admit that I am loyal to HP calculators ! I bought the HP35 in the early 70 's when I was a graduate student at Washington University . I currently collect HP calculators.When I bought the HP 48gII about a month ago I encounted the much talked about keyboard problem . I did what comes naturally . I called customer service . A very friendly representative took my name , address , and the model and serial number of the problem calculator . In about 30 seconds I was informed that a problem free calculator would be on the the way in 3 to 5 business days ! I was also given a case number so that I could keep tabs on the progress of the shipment of the replacement . Note that I did not ask for a replacement ! The company apparently is on top of the problem and know exactly which calculators need replacement . I asked about instructions for returning the problem calculator and was told to wait for further instruction from HP . If I do not hear from HP in 30 days , I may dispose of the problem calculator as I see fit . What else could one hope for?In four business days I received my new HP48gII with three 3AAA cells and two memory cells . The calculator only reguires one memory cell . I immediately checked out the calculator . My problem calculator would ocassionally not respond to the pressing of the up/down and left/right keys . At times others would not respond . With the new calculator I have not experienced any problems.Go on . Stop listening to the foolishness . Get the best calculator out there . Get the HP48gII !
 The main thing I want to say is the 48gii has had a USB port since 2006 , and as best I can tell this model does n't suffer from the keyboard issues that plagued early production runs . Even if you do get a bad keyboard however , HP will honor its outstanding warranty policy . I would discount the irate reviews of yesteryear.If money is no object , you will want the hp 50g or one of the TI or Casio CAS calculators topping $ 100 . If you are a student , you should probably get the calculator recommended by your instructor . But in terms of bang for the buck , the 48gii is an especially sweet deal right now , and I recommend it over the 40gs which runs about $ 20 more right now.I 've found some troubling issues with the newly available hp 40gs which do NOT apply to the 48gii : - In EQW -- where you must be for most exact symbolic calculations -- the results appear in throbbing inverted text which is pretty hard to read . You can press VIEWS , to get normal text , but then often it 's reduced to a tiny font and you must press yet another button to reach el display sympatico . - There 's no universal Clear key that always works in equation writer . According to the User 's Guide , SHIFT CLEAR clears the display -- but not so in EQW . Not always . Closest thing I 've found is jumping to HOME , then back again to CAS . Yet the ON/CANCEL key is unused and could easily meet this need . - PUSH -LRB- mentioned in another review -RRB- does not round out the system as one would hope . Arbitrary expressions can not be transferred from HOME to EQW . From Mastering the hp 39gs & hp 40gs
 Considering its price , it has a lot of features that more expensive calculators have . It has everything I needed , linear algebra , symbolics , graphs . The only con that I have found so far is that is not so easy to use it , you basically have to read part of the manual before you get it started , but once you have read it and know how to use it , it is a pretty good deal .
 I use HP calculators at work and this one is very good . i particularly like the placement of the enter button . I have purchased an extra one for backup since they are priced at a big discount now .
 I was using a Casio graphing calculator when I finally maxed out its capabilities and had to look for another . This cost a third of the comparable TI model and works great . The manual could use some work but using the functions is easy to figure out and learning how to program special functions are on the web .
 Para mi uso esta bien . Permite graficar en dos y tres dimensiones , programar , el inconveniente seria la memoria y la conectividad .
 I have been trying to teach myself business statistics with textbooks purchased through Amazon . This wonderful instrument not only simplifies and streamlines computations , but also helps me organize my thoughts . The sole fly in the ointment is the digital user manual . It is harder for me to use this than the older paper versions . So , I would like to see HP offer traditional paper user manuals with future products . On the whole , however , I am very satisfied and would recommend this product to anyone with an interest in statistics .
 I love the line of RPN calculators from HP . Mine that I had through college finally gave out , so I got this one . Took me a little be to figure out how to put the mode calculator into RPN mode -LRB- that 's reverse postfix notation - not reverse polish notation ! -RRB- . Once I got that then I was much happier!Anyway , the keyboard layout is worse than the older version , but there better menus and on-screen navigation . The speed of this thing is great ! I noticed that there are no expansion slots , but I bet that the memory and functions in this one more than makes up for the lack of slots.Oh , the price is AMAZING ! ` course I bought mine in college for over $ 550 , while this one was less than 10 % of that . So I 'll leave plenty of room for the shortcomings of this model , because it 's super cheap.Be careful if you let this calculator get cold -LRB- like in your backpack on a cold day -RRB- - the keys get really stiff and it 's hard to input anything . Also , the flexible circuit under the keys can crack if you push a key and the circuit is too cold . This is the same problem with the older model , but just give it 10 minutes and it will be fine .
 i bought this calculator for my pre-calc course in college . this calculator has a ton of features and its a must for any engineering/mathematician student . the only thing i found that could be a problem is how to access its features . you will need the manual for that part . other than that , great calculator , really good build quality .
 This is replacing my 12 year old 48g that finally gave up the ghost . The layout is a bit different , so I had about a day of getting used to it . HP quality , good calculator for engineering .
 Excellent purchase . Arrived as expected and works flawlessly . A real bargain compared to a TI-83 .
 This is one of the few machines that still work on RPN mathTo those that are used to this , like engineers , it 's a mustSo dont mater its an old model , it still be very good to buy some extras , like I do , because those machines have the stinky habit to stop working its keyboard when get wet -LRB- there is a connector inside it that oxide and it stops working . I did lost 3 of those machines this way till now -RRB- The cons are its price
 MUY BUEN PRODUCTO LO RECIBI SELLADO EN SU BLISTER , BIENE CON SU MANUAL , EL CABLE USB Y EL CD PARA INSTALARLO EN LA COMPUTADORA
 Order arrived in the condition I expected it to be in .
 Good little notebook to hold any notes . Good for young kids too that need only a 1-subject type of spiral notebook .
 This item is of very good quality and assembly is easy if one follows the instructions . I would reccomend this to anyone that needs a good computor desk for home use .
 This desk is very sturdy and I love it . I assembled it myself and only had to ask my husband to help me lift it because the top is heavy . Highly recommended !
 I had been searching for an affordable , high quality , rounded out corner desk for a while and I am very glad I chose to go with this one . It is a lot bigger than it looks in the picture - I 'm able to fit two 24 &#34; monitors on it comfortably . The finish is beautiful and has been resistant to scratching thus far . The adjustability of the height and plenty of leg room are nice features to have as well . I had a hard time putting it together by myself and had to call for help . The instructions are clear and simple , but the desk weighs over 100 lbs and you have to flip it over a few times . For the quality , that is expected and I can not deduct a star for that . One thing to note , when you 're screwing the &#34; shoes &#34; to the side panels on the bottom , use a drill if you have one , or have someone with big muscles and a wratchet-screwdriver do it for you .
 This is true 12 x 12 paper and when on sale is a great value . Paper is thick enough not to see through when printing on both sides . Turns out great pages and pictures . Will definitely buy again . Keeping my eyes open .
 This is a great 12x12 paper for digital scrapbookers . It has a lovely matte textured surface which allows for super bright and clear images showing all the detail . I will definitely be buying this paper again .
 I bought a wide-carriage printer so I could print out my 12 x 12 scrapbook pages . I tried printing them on cardstock and they came out terrible . This product was the only one I could find that would allow me to print fine quality scrapbooking pages and it would n't cost a fortune to have them printed professionally . The quality is beautiful and well worth the price . It 's so much cheaper to print your pages on this paper than to have them printed by an online company . I love the quality !
 I was using Staples paper in matte ... No comparison . The clarity on the printed page was awesome . My pages look like they were traditionally scrapped . People run their fingers across to make sure . I will not use anything else for my digital pages .
 Great price on something I could n't find anywhere else for less than a small fortune . Shipping was good too .
 I was really pleased with how quickly this was shipped and the product was exactly as described .
 I bought a 49G + in August and loved it except for the Keyboard being unreliable.I saw by reading other reviews that the currently shipping calculators had the problem resolved . I called HP and they sent me a warrantee replacement . The new calculator works reliably and I am very satisfied.I strongly recommend that anyone who bought one when they first came out call HP because the keyboards were faulty.I have used HP Calculators for many years in Engineering , and this version is very fast and now very reliable.My faith in HP is restored .
 I 've owned during more than 20 years hp-35 -LRB- if I remember the model number correctly -RRB- , -41 C , -41 CV , -28 , -48 GX , and finally -49 G + , which I have been trying to get accustomed during the last week , after very good experiences with all the earlier hp models . Disappointingly the 49G + keyboard is not of good quality . I do n't mind the new plastic feeling , but sometimes when tipping you get zero , one , or even two contacts instead of the intended one . In my case , tipping numbers 1 or 7 sometimes produce twice the same number . Pressing y ^ x is quite hard if you want any response . Pressing < - too weakly does not produce any result although you can well feel that is should have . However , you can overcome ALL these problems by tipping each key quickly and firmly . Checking `` Mode - Key Click '' and adjusting Keytime -LRB- http://h20015.www2.hp.com/hub_search/document.jhtml?lc=en&docName;=bpia5175&cc;=us -RRB- will give some help.I 'm still planning to buy two of these , one for work and the other for home . Currently , I 'm not yet ready to sell my old 49GX , however . Hopefully , a `` HP-49G + + '' with better keys will soon become available . In any case , I 'll replace tomorrow my current calculator with another 49G + , if I 'm allowed to verify that all the frequently used keys will work as you would anticipate . No matter of the keyboard problems , HP-49G + is clearly the best ever RPN calculator!At the same time , I also bought a cheaper HP model to my daughter . There , the keyboard is working perfectly well .
 I was a 10-year user of a 48g . Got the 49g + to catch up with the times , love it . Back in school of a EE degree , use it every day , very powerful . I 've had it for a month and already it has outpaced the TI , which is n't a bad calculator , it just that for the professional/engineer type this HP seems so much better . In fact I 've already managed to convert 2 long time TI users . Once they saw what this HP could do they realized the myth/ledged was true . Other stuff - keyboard is fine & the SD card is great , right now my calc has 512 mb of storage . Wow . As far as RPN , give it two days and you 'll never change back . Great buy .
 At first I was hesitant to buy the hp 49g + because of some of the horrible reviews I read about it -LRB- I did n't want to blow a lot of money on a lemon ... but with the hp 48g + 's and hp 32sii 's going for $ 250 to $ 300 a pop on ebay , suddenly the 49g + started looking good -RRB- . After I contacted other people who bought it and who were apparently happy with it ... I took the plunge and bought the calculator . I 've had the calculator of about 2 weeks now , and it 's not as bad as some of the reviews make it sound . Really , it 's not.I 've had no problems with the buttons on the calculator I got . Granted , it does sound louder than my hp 20s , but my typing on the computer keyboard sounds louder . I 'd say the 49g + buttons is about twice as loud as the buttons on the 20s when pressed . I 'm not really bothered by any noise it makes -LRB- besides the loudness of the buttons make it more macho and less wimpy in my opinion -RRB- . I 've had no problems with the buttons not registering when pressed nor with the letter or numbers registering more than once when the buttons are pressed just once.The manual that comes with the calculator -LRB- I 'm still going over it -RRB- has some typos and wrong references to things , but you can figure it out if you sit down and read it carefully . -LRB- Maybe HP 's proof reader is disgruntled and that 's why the manual is the way it is ? -RRB- . The keyboard to me does n't feel as flimsy as some of the reviews make it sound . It seems okay to me . -LRB- I have this Casio Solar calculator that cost 5 bucks and it 's keyboard is definitely flimsy . It 's as thin as two quarters stacked on top of each other and I could easily snap the keyboard in two pieces with little effort . I estimate that it would take a little more effort to snape the 49g + in two -RRB- . The whole calculator skin is made out of hard plastic ; gone is the metal face plate -LRB- my HP 20s has this metal face plate on it -RRB- . Maybe that 's why some other reviewers think the keyboard is flimsy ... I have n't dropped the calculator on pavement or had it exposed to chalk dust or spilled water , coffee , sodas , acids or other chemicals on it , so I do n't know if it 's as durable as the HP 20s . Maybe someone out there have already done the above things to the calculator . I 'd be interested in knowing how it held up.There is some flicker sometimes on the screen when it 's crunching large numbers out but I would n't have noticed it if other reviews had n't pointed it out.Right now , I 'm pretty happy with the calculator and it 's meeting my needs . I like it especially because I 'm able to type out equations on it that look like the equations you 'd write out on paper . Also , you can interchange from Algebraic to the Reverse Lukasiewicz Notation in a snap . So , you have the option of using whatever calculator lingo you 're most comfortable with . Also , the screen is wider and bigger , so you do n't strain your peepers as much.I have n't got to the graphing section of the manual yet , so I ca n't comment on how well the calculator graphs things ... you 'll have to see the other reviews by people for this.I 'm giving this calculator 4 stars because it 's pretty good when I compare it to the hp 20s , the SR-70 -LRB- an old TI calculator I had once -RRB- and the $ 5 Casio solar calculator . If the calculator graphs well , I 'll give it the 5th star ...
 The HP49G + feels much faster then the HP49G . The mathematical software is improved and the screen has fantastic contrast -LRB- but the resoluton is still less then a TI-89 -RRB- . I 've had this calculator for a few weeks and I like it . However , there were some teething problems : * The bottom part of the screen flickered whenever I pressed a key . I downloaded a new ROM from HP 's website to fix this . * The keyboard is too loud , and sometimes does n't register . You need to press the key again . I have been told this is fixed in newer calculators so I guess I got old stock . I 'm going to exchange it for a fixed version.To the previous reviewer
 I know that other reviewers have complained about the keyboard , but I have never had any problems with it . I used a HP 48GX for more than ten years , and I have to admit that the 49 + is better than the 48GX in every respect .
 I would like to know when will be sent the calculator hp 49 g + ? it was bought two days ago . thanks
 I still use the HP 49G + Graphing Calculator for everyday use and field practices . Even though the 50G and a new version of it has come out ever since . I personally think that the casing having changed since its predecessor the HP 48GX was a questionable decision . Because this item is mostly used in industrial sites where you need that extra hard casing for protection . And true the key board is completely different . But I give it five stars because over all as an item purchased it is worth the money spent . And it is sitting by my side to prove that it was built to last HALF a decade later .
 I have no problems with the keyboard ! data entry on the first try everytime , you have to know how to press the keys !
 I have used my 48GX since high school , and it finally died after about 11 years . I have had my 49g + for about 6 months . I did n't want to buy used , and I did n't trust buying a `` new '' 48GX , so I went with the 49g + . Now that I 'm out of college , I still need to have the scientific , unit conversions , and occasionally the downloadable design programs that are out there . I certainly admit that the calculator was built for more `` user friendliness '' which mostly means that it takes longer to use , but the calculator still is an HP . I have to admit that the USB connection is much better than the old 4-wire system . As an engineer , I have no real use for the SD card slot , but if I 'm on the top of a mountain and I need to design a vertical curve , I guess it 'll be handy.Overall , I would have preferred to keep my 48GX . Like all engineers , I think it 's better to keep the devil you know . I have not experienced any of the problems that others have stated . Sifting through their complaints , though , and knowing how much I abused my 48GX , I think if I used my 49g + like I have my 48GX , I 'm sure I would have broken it by now . The 49 somehow does n't seem as sturdy.I am still pleased with my purchase . I hope though , that HP will see some of the complaints and take them into consideration .
 Besides all opion regarding this new calculator , I would like to say , it is very nice , good design , options , features , a huge screen and modern color . So far , I have n't navigate deep inside it , it is not similar as 48GX , so you 've got to expend some time to know how to use it . I bought it since there is not a better calculator than this -LRB- 48GX is UNIQUE but obsolete -RRB-
 Compre esta calculadora luego de anios de uso de la 49g laz verdad el cambio es genial , esta es mucho mas rapida y poderosa . Muy recomendable .
 I was very disappointed with my 49G , but the 49G + is a great remake . I have had an HP calculator since the 48GX , so I wo n't talk about the virtues of HP . If you know HP calculators , you know what you 're getting . So , here are the pros/cons compared to previous HP calcs : PROS : * Keyboard vastly improved over 49G , though not quite as good as 48G/GX . Few complaints here . * Hard leather case . No worry about smashing the screen like there was with the 48G 's soft case . * Very quick . No delays between calling up a menu or in scrolling through the UI boxes . Very nice ! * Includes USB connectivity cable and software . * Great price
 i badmouthed this calc in an earlier review . i was running ROM 1.22 at the time . ROM 1.23 came out on the HP website 02-19-2004 . i installed ROM 1.23 on my HP 49g + and it is night and day difference . no more screen flicker . no more crashes . it runs as smooth as silk . hardware is NOTHING without great software to run it , and rom 1.23 is just what this calc needed to purrrr . i am very happy with the calc now . battery life is GREATly extended . now the only complaint i have left is that the keyboard SUCKS ! and i would have paid 20 more bucks for this calc for a nice hardcopy manual i could whip out and read at the local Starbucks and impress people with . so i recant my last review and can now recommend highly this calc . when you buy yours , you must get rom 1.23 . happy days !
 I 've had a HP41CX -LRB- still have it in a box -RRB- , HP28S -LRB- died , too many drops and lab accidents -RRB- , HP32SII -LRB- still use at home -RRB- , HP48G -LRB- keyboard died after 10 years of use -RRB- and now this calculator -LRB- which I use at work -RRB- . It by far superior to all the other calculators . Bigger screen , faster processor , more memory , usb support -LRB- with all the necessary software and cabling included -RRB- , and great expansion . I too had the key press not registering problem but downloaded and install the latest firmware and it solved the problem instantly . Also , I like that it is slimmer than the HP48G . The only annoyance is they moved the enter key to the lower right and I do n't intuitively go there . I 'd recommend this calculator to anyone .
 Before I talk about the HP , some background : I 've been a loyal TI user since middle school . I had a TI-83 until I graduated high school , then I got a TI-89 when I went to college and started my physics major . Used it for two years . But junior year I dropped my TI-89 during a lab and the display stopped working . So I had to get a new calculator . I would have got another TI-89 but I had heard good things about HPs . So I thought , why not get one of those ? It might be even better than the TI-89 . So I went and bought this.Well , there 's a reason why the TIs are popular with students . TIs are slick , they 're designed for ease of use , and they 're just very nicely designed in general . If you 've been using TIs for a while and then switch over to an HP , you 're in for a shock.The HP 49G + , I have to say , is ugly and its design pales in comparison to the TI-89 . The keys make strange sounds and feel funny , the display is of much lower resolution -LRB- equations look nice and pretty in the TI-89 , in the HP 49G + they 're just plain ugly and pixelated -RRB- . TIs are also much more comfortable and have a better look and feel . So I have to say I was disappointed at first . In terms of cosmetics and design the TI wins hands down.But lately I 've been growing to appreciate the HP a bit more . It 's much harder to use than a TI-89 . You have to read the manual , and by manual I mean the online PDF manual you get off HP 's website or their CD . For some reason the paperback manual is thin and incomplete . Also the HP is n't very user friendly and many things that seem `` obvious '' and were intuitive on the TI-89 require looking things up in the manual . It 's not very pleasant.Why the 4 stars though ? Well if you 're willing to put up with the ugliness , the strange keys , and bother to spend time actually LEARNING how to use it , it 's well worth it . Pretty it ai n't , but the HP 49G + has a faster processor than the TI-89 . My main use of the calculator is integrals , matrix algebra , and diff EQs . TIs do integrals a bit faster because they uses table lookup ; they also simplify expressions by default . The HP sometimes gives very ugly and unsimplified results . But once you learn how to work the thing it 's not so bad.So basically the worst thing about the HP is the bad design and the ugly display . You 'd think HP would figure out that when we use their product we 're just looking at equations all the time , could n't they have spent some time working on making them look decent ? Font-smoothing is n't that hard to do . Yes , it 's ugly . But it gets the job done . I have n't dropped this thing yet -LRB- and do n't plan to -RRB- so I do n't know if it takes shocks better than the TI . It might.Bottom line
 La calculadora es muy buena con todas sus funciones , pero lo unico que la hace mala es el teclado , se le aflojan las teclas muy rapido , haciendo imposible su manejo .
 i have had it since x-mas 05 and i think it is a good calculator . this is my first graphix calc . -LSB- im a freshmen in high school -RSB- and i am pleased . it is much faster than the ti83 's my school has and it has many more capabilities . i found it easy to use and my only copmplaint is the keyboard .
 Hey , if you 're a Math/Engineering student , GET THIS CALCULATOR ! It does a whole lot more than the TI-89 . I just got my calculator today and I absolutley LOVE it . IF you 've read everyone else 's review on this , you 'll probably keep seeing the thing with the keypad . I think they must have revised the calculator because mine is a whole lot better than what everyone is discribing . If you 're used to an HP , the buttons are really no different than the HP48 . -LRB- At least mine is n't . I 'm guessing this is a newer revision ? -RRB-
 I bought this graphing calculator for my nephew . And it has been a very useful tool for him at school . It 's easy to use , and handle . The mannual is very explicit , and easy to understand .
 Let me tell you that I changed to TI voyage 200 when hp49g was a terrible mistake . But I return to HP because simply its the best software and now hardware . Its to diferent to other calculators and that makes it dificult but when you learn its simply the best calculator . I think I master the usage of the voyage and the hp and ofr simple things voyage its fine , but if you want a true mathematic calculator try this !
 It is a wonderful calculator , but hard to learn to use because it is very different from the TI 's and does not have a very good manual . And it has a built-in Teris game .
 Is a cool graphing calculator , I have purchased 7 in the last 7 months for all my nephews who are studying in college or university.Easy to use , just read the guide .
 it was free super saving shipping but i got if faster that other methods
 Latest re-review : One of the issues this calculator had -LRB- and probably the most complained about issued -RRB- was that the keypad would not register sometimes when typed very fast . HP released this month the latest upgrade for the ROM which is similar to the BIOS on a PC.It is easy and safe to install and improves many aspects including the keypad issues!Follows my old review : When I was first allowed to take graphing calculators into examination rooms , I did n't know what calculator to pick , given the variety available in the market.I picked the HP49G + because it was suggested by one of the top teachers at Manchester University . I must say and highlight the fact that If I 'd written this review during the first 2 months with my HP , I would have given this product 1 star . Here is my experience : My first week with this calculator was a terrible mess , I decided to keep using my very simple Casio for exams because I was afraid I might not know how to use the HP calc.One thing which I think is wrong was the fact that the manual was rather fat but did n't explain things well , or at least simply enough for me to understand them , in particular the file transfer and installation of additional software took me great effort to work out.However , as days passed by , I started to discover and become familiar with all the functions of this very powerful tool . As an engineer , you normaly have to adapt yourself to every new situation , and this is what happens with the HP49G + . You start customizing it and after 2 months of regular use you just know exactly how to get what you want from your HP , needless to say that it can solve 99 % of all the mathematic processes involved in any engineering course , you just need to become familiar with it.I was given a TI-89 Titanium as a gift as well , this calculator is perhaps the most similar competitor to the HP49G + , I have no problem to say that some colleagues and my self did serious benchmarking on the 2 calculators solving really complex and memory demanding operations , 95 % of the time , the TI was faster -LRB- above 60 % faster overall -RRB- . But to get a better picture , if the TI would solve a problem in 1 second , the HP would need 1.6 seconds , is not a big issue here . But appart from that , the TI seems like a personal diary , or one of those electronic agendas which in my opinion make it look less serious and professional . I mean , why would an engineer need virtual tests in Calculus , that seems to me as a function for students before they reach university . What is more important for an engineer , is to rely on a calculator which can be 99 % re-programable and which supports thousands of available applications in many different subjects , the HP does n't come with a phone book , but that 's silly , I think TI is for a student who just wants his calculator to give him a degree , on the other hand HP is the real thing , I would say that you really need to be an engineer or have the skills to be one to use it.My suggestions for this calculator , or what you should really know : - Some people have had problems with the keypad , I 've used my HP for 7 months now , almost 4 hours a day and still works fine . People must consider that many different versions have been released and I believe latest ones do n't have any keypad issues.-You really need to put some effort in understanding how it works , it is not a Nintendo.-Batteries do last 1.5 months on average . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I owned and used the HP 49G for about 4 years before buying the 49G + . I am an ME student , and the 49G got me through many a class.I needed a new calc , and since I had such good luck with the 49G -LRB- which was considered an HP failure by a lot of people -RRB- , I went ahead and purchased the 49G + despite warnings about the keyboard . After about a month of messing around with it , I can find no problems with my particular keyboard . This calculator is much faster than my 49G , and the SD card slot is a welcome addition . I bought a SimpleTech 256 MB card for it and it works without flaw.I am only giving 4 stars because I have only owned this calculator for a short time , and I am still evaluating it . HP calculators are serious calculators used by professionals , and can do almost anything you might want to do mathematically , and their complexity makes them more difficult to learn to operate . TI 's are more user-friendly . If you are looking for a calculator for your ninth grader , you probably want a TI . If you are a professional scientist who wants a machine with the most potential , pick up a 49G + and take the time to learn how to use it . Check out hpcalc.org and the comp sys group for extremely well organized information on how to use it .
 I have n't had any of the keyboard issues on my hp49g + , and I 've had mine for 3 years , and used it in school and work . Hp49g + calculator is identical to the hp50 in design , except for a different color scheme -LRB- and the fact that hp50 is a later model with better quality control -RRB- . It runs the same OS , same processor , etc. . . The screen is beautiful and very contrasty -LRB- many people are complaining ; again , maybe I have the later revision of the same model -RRB- , and is better than on the 48-series -LRB- only latest 48gx had the b/w screens , most of them were blue on green screens ; it 's not a problem , but the 49g screen is definitely better -RRB- . My only complaint , is that this calculator feels like a hack on the basis of hp48 . Functions are not labeled . For example `` down '' key is labeled as `` view '' on hp48 , on the hp50 it 's not labeled at all , but it does the same thing . . Same for the `` swap '' -LRB- right arrow -RRB- , clearly labeled on hp48 , not so on the hp50.Some of the functions between RPN and algebraic modes do n't work quite the same . For example , `` ANS -LRB- # -RRB- '' function works the same as on all other calculators in Algebraic mode , but in the RPN mode it 's actually < < lastarg >> , and it can only get the last number -LRB- it 's possible to roll the stack , but the problem is the inconsistency -RRB- . I also do n't like the fact that the CAS system creates it 's own system folders in whichever folder you 're in . It takes me a while to organize , and the cas just drops it 's garbage -LRB- it 's useful sometimes -RRB- wherever you are in the folders.Equation writers wo n't let you scroll left and right , you have to select a smaller unit of your equation , and then scroll to other editable parts . Of course , it `` jerks '' from element to element , so it 's difficult to track what you 're actually looking at . Interestingly HP48 does n't have that problem , as it goes into viewing mode when you hit `` view '' , allowing scrolling left & right ; and if you press -LSB- on -RSB- , it 'll go into the editing mode in the equation writer . Much better implementation.The new graphing interface is weird . And it saves graphs as programs ... WHY , that 's sort of out-of-the-blue -LRB- it 's not , it 's simply the way the calculator saves defined functions , but still ... -RRB- ? Makes using the functions a pain . Cause now the function has to be extracted from the program , if you want to do anything other than evaluate it at a particular point -LRB- which what the auto-program does -RRB- . You can still use the old interface , they 're both there ! Weird ... Everything works , and it 's powerful , it 's just quirky . I still love it.My point is that HP should have just dumped their hp48 system , and started from scratch , because what they 've created is definitely a monster . It literally feels like a hacked hp48 calculator , with utilities working in their own ways , and dumping data in any way those add-ons feel like . It 's still a powerful calculator , it 's just become even more disorganized . Thankfully , the file interface -LRB- unlike any other graphing calculator -RRB- is so fundamental , that it 's easy to see what the calculator is doing , it 's easy to look at the output , and figure out what the calculator has done.It 's one of those `` with great power comes great responsibility '' sort of scenarios . Unfortunately , this is exactly the kind of gadget that most people would n't have the patience for . The learning curve is steep , but the rewards are great . Unfortunately , it 's a bit like learning to play a piano , when most people get by just fine by listening the 3-chord rock-n-roll .
 As an engineer working in hydraulics , I 've found the calculator to be an excellent tool . I 've had mine for close to two years and the keys are still quite functional and `` like new '' . The calculator is a little daunting as it has so much flexibility and power . I am still learning more about it each day .
 The calculator is great like all the HP calculators , but the keyboard is a piece of crap , so if you are students , be careful on the tests .
 I used an hp 32SII for a bunch of years , and when it `` gave up the ghost '' I replaced it with a 49 G + . Overall I am very impressed with this calculator . On the plus side the 49 G + can do numerical and symbolic operations -LRB- integrate , differentiate , solve d.e. 's , solve equations -RRB- . It can be programmed in RPN , and there is a user `` GUI '' template that makes interface simple . It 's ability to plot functions and surfaces exceeds is display capability . On the minus side the documentation is not very good . Mastering the `` symbolic '' vs `` numeric '' solution aspects took me a while . I wrote an RPN program to evaluate a non-central F distribution , and it is quite slow ! Computation times for that program of minutes are not uncommon . It took me about a day to learn how to use the MSLV function . I entered the system of equations to be solved as they appear in the manual -- only to be frustrated by an input error ! It turns out one must use the MTRW function to enter the vector of functions to be solved . Once I mastered that I was able to enter/solve virtually any system of equations . My guess is that the Nelder-Meade algorithm is used to find solutions . I am still working on the 49 G + to PC interface and capabilities . Over all I am impressed with the 49 G + and all that it can do !
 I have a relatively recent version of this calculator . Serial number CNA419 ... . It misses keys for me . I really like the calculator in every respect , except for the missed keys . I have used HP calculators for 18 years and have never had similar problems with missed keys . Part of the issue could be the pressure required to press the keys . Maybe in the act of doing fast data entry I do n't press a key all the way down . You can tap a key with some amount of force you would expect to get a key press , hear some clicking noise -LRB- not the usual key press noise -RRB- but not actually have a key go through its full travel . It could also be some software issue . I noticed that when I had the clock displayed on the screen it would miss keys more often . I liked the clock for lab notes , but then I noticed it was missing more keys strokes than usual . I turned it off and things returned to normal -LRB- only occasionally missing keys . -RRB-
 The screen is great ; the contrast is the best on any calculator I have seen . The speed is very good , and there are many evolutionary improvements to the keyboard layout compared to the HP49G . There is no flicker ; this problem was a software problem fixed a long time ago now . Apparently the alarms are not working reliably yet , so if this is important to you , be careful.I have the version with the improved keyboard -LRB- bought in March 2004 -RRB- , and it is acceptable compared to previous HP standards -LRB- that is , it is not as good as the 28C for instance , seems roughly comparable to the 17BII , is much better than the rubber keys of the 49G -RRB- ... if you are not upgrading from an HP then all these comparisons wo n't mean much . The keyboard is ok , but purists will never be happy with it . It is considerably better than the first production runs -LRB- I had one of those but swapped for the new one under warranty -RRB- , but it is not a great HP keyboard . The new version of the keyboard is much quieter -LRB- if the keys at the bottom sound the same as the keys at the top , you have the new keyboard ; the original version was loud and hollow sounding -RRB- . Although famous for its sophistication , this calculator is good for every day calculation tasks because the screen , the stack and easy programmability make it very handy . The unit conversion feature , the equation writer and equation solving features are great . For lending across the table to non-HP users , swapping to `` algebraic '' -LRB- ie convential -RRB- mode is no bother -LRB- people who know the famous HP `` RPN mode '' will generally not use convential mode if they have a choice -RRB- . What may not be obvious to newcomers is the very good selection of free programs from the user-community
 Despite the criticisms , the 49G + is a good calculator . It is far and away better than the 49G , which I also own but seldom ever used because it was just so horrible . The revival of the IR port and equation libraries are a good thing . The SD card reader is actually very useful for transfering programs . The keypad ... . well , anything is better than the horrid rubber keys from the 49G . The key action is n't quite as good as the old 48 , but it 's good enough to be usable and not frustrating . What is unfortunate is that the 49G style key layout is preserved , instead of going back to the 48 style layout . It 's not a fatal flaw , just an annoyance . If HP ever put out a calculator that combined the features of the 49G + and the keypad of the 48 , I 'd finally put away my 12 yr old -LRB- heavily modded -RRB- 48G . Until then , the 49G + is good enough to use on a regular basis at my office .
 I just got my 49g + to replace my 49g -LRB- which I personally thought was a fine calculator -RRB- . The g + is better in every respect . The new screen is beautiful , the extra speed is very noticable , and I 'm delighted to get the option of infrared back . Every complaint that I 'd heard about the 49g is fixed in the 49g + . Even if I were n't a long-time RPN addict , I 'd pick this calculator over a TI89 or 92 . Incidentally , I 've had no problems with the keyboard at all .
 If you 're looking at this calculator because it has RPN , buy the TI-89 . There is a free 3rd party program to make the ti-89 as good an RPN calculator as any HP -LRB- and I 've had a lot of HPs -RRB- . If you 're looking at this calculator because it has a graphic equation editor , buy the ti-89 because there is a free -LRB- or much better but a little money -RRB- third party program to do graphic equation editing on the ti-89 -LRB- it 's actually better than the app in the hp -RRB- . Also , the TI does not have graphing issues , is simpler to use , has a huge user base , and is well documented .
 I just received this calculator from HP and have been using it for one day now . It 's really light and it 's SO much faster than the 49G ! The keyboard is too noisy for my tastes and it feels a little cheap but that 's the only drawback I 've noticed so far . There are some new menus and functions to get used to but it 's no problem . The case that it comes with is fantastic and the 7 line stack is great . If you liked the 49G you 'll LOVE the 49G + . I 've read reviews elsewhere that the keyboard was n't working properly and that the paint was coming off . Neither of those problems has happened with mine . I just hope those keys quiet down eventually .
 After reading all the reviews here , I took a ` risk ' buying this calculator after owning a 48G for 2 years . Got it and the first thing I did was updating the ROM . I got ta say I am impressed with the improvement of this calculator . I can switch it from RPN operational mode to the normal algebraic like any other calculator . Full of interesting and useful options , takes some time to learn how to use it , even if you had another HP . I have n't got any of the key registering problems other reviews describe , just so you know . The feel of the keyboard is different , but not uncomfrotable , actually you can press the keys with less force than other models . Definitely a great purchase .
 I am a high school student who has just started Calculus . Up until this time I have used a HP 48gx . However , some of the stuff we started doing in Calculus was too advanced for the 48gx . So I bought the HP 49g + . I read about some problems with the keyboard but my calculator turned out fine . Here 's some pros and cons : Pros -LRB- and improvements HP has made -RRB- : ~ Way faster than the HP 48gx and the TI-89 . No more slow menus -LRB- i.e. directory searching , plotting types , etc. -RRB- . ~ Better screen resolution than the 48gx . ~ The plotting speed has been put to overdrive -LRB- if you use a 48 series calculator , it is like the plotter has a Ferrari engine -RRB- . ~ Has a feature to show you step-by-step how to solve an expression or equation . ~ Has a dedicated variable key -LRB- like the TI-83 and 89 -RRB- . No more alpha `` X '' . ~ Has a built-in table of values program . ~ Still uses Reverse Polish Notation but you can now switch to Algebraic mode if you are used to a TI . ~ Flash RAM so you can keep your programs in the event of a power loss . ~ SD memory expansion ~ USB connection built in ~ Good ole Infrared port for calculator to calculator transfer . ~ Cool looking leather case with magnetic latch -LRB- will definitely draw attention from everyone -RRB- . Cons : ~ Not as user-friendly as TI , which probably why most high school students use TI . However , if you are familiar with the 48 series , this is not a problem . ~ The keyboard is kind of loud . If you have a 48 series calculator , you know what I mean . ~ Printed instructional manual is small , only about 150 pages ; however , the full instruction manual , all 900 pages , is included on the driver CD.Hope this review was helpful .
 It is incredible what this thing can do , once you figure out how to use it . It seems a bit counter-intuitive in the beginning , but it is remarkable once you understand it .
 This calculator is a very useful tool for advanced mathematical courses . It has most of the functions which are necessary for Calculus and Pre-calculus . I think that whoever buys this calculator has excellent choice . The only thing is that this calculator is very complicated , making it very difficult to use .
 Hi , i love this machine , is fast and beautiful , the keys are a bit harder but they are getting soft as time goes by , and great support from comp.sys .48 .
 Like another reviewer , I use these pencils in the classroom because I too was tired of `` lending '' full-size pencils only to never see them again . At first my students ' reaction to these little pencils with tiny points and no erasers is one of shock , but then , because they 're teenagers , suddenly these pencils become cool and disappear at alarming rates . I find them on the floor in the hallway , in the classrooms of other teachers who I know do n't teach my kids . Some years I go through boxes of these things . They 're still a better option though than wasting classtime trying to find a pencil for a child and a less expensive option than stocking the classroom with regular pencils all year long .
 Dixon Golf Pencil . I got a Box of these Hexagonal pencils for a Test Taking Gathering and I needed all the neccessary supplies for the project to run smoothly , most of the pencils were not returned after the evening was over which in a way tells me that people like them and took them , they are small about 3-1/2 Inches long and they write nicely with no . # 2 writing core and they come very well sharpened in a Big Box of 144 pencils and the Price can not be Beat ! Thank you
 They 're normal , pre-sharpend golf pencils . Keeps a good tip and does n't break when heavy pressure is applied . Perfect for using at the grocery store .
 Picked these up because I was tired of giving out full-length pencils only to have them disappear . Oddly enough I get more of these back then the regular ones ... maybe the students just do n't like the stubby ones.Love that they 're pre-sharpened .
 Just what I needed ... a big box of little pencils . They always work when you need them , and never run dry . Doubles as a think-piece for us pencil-chewers .
 The pencils are just fine . Only problem we found was that the pockets on the chair backs are so shallow , the pencils fall down . No fault to pencils , but we will order longer ones next time .
 I am always trying to find good paper to make greeting cards or for photos . Canon paper always seems to work the best and I have used these serveral times now and feel that the search for canon products are worth it . Always clear , precise and dont have to worry about smugging
 Royal eX-3 3-Pound Digital Postal/Kitchen ScaleDS3 Postal Rate ScaleI had an eX-3 for several years and found it perfect for my home office . I thought it was well constructed and reliable . Unfortunately , the eX-3 does not do well when kittens knock it off The balcony.My order was for a replacement eX-3 . I did not like any of the models I found in the local office supply stores . Actually , I received the sd3 model instead of the eX-3 . I am guessing that the ds3 is a newer model . The rate chart should be a little easier to replace and the little pull out tray is cute , otherwise I find it just as nice as the eX-3 . However , I can not say how it performs after falling from a balcony , but definately consider it a good buy for the home office .
 I bought my EX2 scale about 2 years ago -LRB- at Costco -RRB- . It hasbeen one of the best purchases for my office . I use it often.I have been checking the stores to purchase more scales asgifts but have not been able to locate any . Today , I rememberedthe internet . Thank you for the great product .
 I bought this scale in 2002 and use it almost every day . It continues to work superbly . It is precisely accurate -LRB- I compare it to the USPS scales about once a month -RRB- , is very easy to use , and works very well . My only regret is that the capacity is only 5 pounds , since I frequently have larger packages that I end up having to measure at the post office.Either way , this is a great product , and I highly recommend it . I do n't think that the negative reviews and warnings are warranted in this case , but that is just based on my experience -LRB- a sample of 1 -RRB- . / / / / / / / update October 2011 / / / / / / / I 've had this scale for 9 years now and have given it a lot of use . Today the display locked up and would only display all icons and fours `` 8 `` s. I replaced the battery -LRB- which it turned out was extremely depleted -RRB- . The new battery gave me the same results . After downloading the manual from the Royal website , and finding no information about my problem , I called the phone number listed in the manual . I got transferred around a bit and then spoke to Allen in parts . Allen is not only a guy in parts , but also the technician for this scale . Anyway , he gave me some suggestions and told me to call him back if they did n't work . I tried his suggestions with no success be opted not to call him back . After 9 years of use , I would n't feel right about accepting a replacement , and do n't think that there was much else he could have offered me to for my problem . I stand by my recommendation for this scale , and am on here to buy another one of the exact same model .
 I purchased this scale when I was mailing a lot of small packages amd letters . In conjunction with an online postage provider , the way I handled shipping was changed completely ! No more trips to the post office just to find out the weight of my package in order to affix the correct postage . It holds the display for a few seconds so that if you have to move the package out of the way , the display is still there for you to read the weight . I have dropped it several times , and it just keeps going . For the price , I thought it was a great purchase .
 I do n't know about these other reviews but I purchases this scale several years ago to weight backpacking equipment and food . This thing has been a tank . I have had this scale for a long time , it works great and I have beat the snot out if it including dropping it off of shelves.I 'm pretty picky and I would rebuy this item over any other scale in its weight/price range .
 I have been using this for 2 years now with absolutely no problem . Initially bought this for weighing stuff for a science project because it can also measure in grams . It has a tare function so the weight of the container can be conveniently excluded from the measurement . Never have to change the battery yet for the hundreds of measurements so far in the last 2 years . Very consistent . You can weigh a letter several times and the measurements are always the same . The first class postal rate changed from 37 cents to 39 cents about a week ago . I went to their website and downloaded the updated postal rate template . Printed it out and cut along the lines . It fitted perfectly . I think that is good customer support .
 No wondering what your rate be but , did n't come with current postage rates . Good buy for the money and time to receive .
 The DVD Copy Cruiser Quad CD Duplicator incorporates the latest Alera Technologies 4x DVD recording and duplicating technology . DVD Copy Cruiser Quad 's are the professional , yet simple , solution for creating CD copies quickly and easily ; For example , at 4x DVD speed , the DVD Copy Cruiser Quad can make copies of a 4.7 GB DVD in about 15 minutes !
 I copy Video DVDs that I have created and CDs , both audio and data , at top speeds and get great copies . A DVD with a full 4.7 GBs copies in about 15 minutes . Speeds are selectable . I can even compile custom audio CDs right on the machine without having to go to a computer . Great Product
 Alera Technologies , the leader in CD and DVD duplicator technology , has established a reputation with its 1:1 duplicators as being the company that offers duplicators with the performance and features required by professionals , at consumer prices . Now Alera Technologies has developed the DVD Copy Cruiser QUAD with the capability to duplicate DVDs at up to astonishing 4x speeds and with the control features needed in a professional environment such as mine.The DVD Copy Cruiser QUAD can also be used as a powerful 4x DVD Recorder when attached to my PC via the available external USB 2.0 connection.A Quick List of Reasons the DVD Copy Cruiser Quad is at the top of my Wish List Include : Alera Technologies has developed the DVD Copy Cruiser QUAD with the capability to duplicate DVDs at up to astonishing 4x speeds and with the control features needed in a professional environmentSimple one touch operation , no set up required , Plug it in and start copying immediatelyPowerful Control Features with intuitive menu maximizing copy control , flexibility , and outputBack Lighted LCD display shows status / % complete of Copy process and other functions4x DVD recording speed for high volume copyingUnique `` Edit Track '' feature to extract specific audio tracks from Source CD to create compilation discsNo Hard Drive required , image caching done on the fly to multiple recorders simultaneouslyCompletely Stand Alone , no computer requiredPowerful features usually found only in the most expensive duplicatorsManufacturers Published Preliminary Specifications : Data Writing Speed
 This is a terrific calendar for a cat lover . Neat photography . Super speedy delivery , too .
 I bought this calendar in NYC two years ago and loved it each and every day . Last Christmas , I bought several calendars -LRB- cats and dogs -RRB- to give away to my pet friends , and it was a big hit with everyone ! The pictures of the cats are hilarious , and the calendar is beautifully designed.A calendar like this will make the world a better place , I 'm sure , for animals and humans !
 I 'm very happy with the Dictionary , it 's a great product at a very low cost . I received it faster than expected . This is really a great buy !
 Palm Merriam-Webster Dictionary/Franklin Thesaurus is a very good product . It gives clear , concise definitions.The only thing that I have to deal with is that I have an SD memory card that I keep in , so I must bring the dictionary card with me wherever I go . That is not too hard , though , because I carry a purse .
 Its not a bad dictionary , but its only 30.4 mbs and from 2003 . It would be the equivalent of a small pocket dictionary , very limited collection of words . I would say get it if its under $ 10 , but I would not say it is worth the retail $ 30 or so .
 Easy to use , but can not reference the dictionary when in another program which limits its use . A very good dictionary & thesaurus otherwise .
 My daughter outgrew her Quantum Pad so I got her a Palm Pilot TX and loaded it full of educational reference material as well as e-books to read at her level . I made sure to include this dictionary and thesaurus . Now it 's very easy for her to figure otu the correct spelling of words when she 's writing as well as look up definitions of her spelling words . This little program will definitely grow with her to use in Jr. . High and HIgh School . The learning curve to used this was minimal to my 10 year old . The definitions are comprehensive enough for her to get what she needs . My 7 year old often borrows this dictionary for his homework too . I even find myself using it from time to time . It beats the time consuming flipping through pages of a book and takes up such little space .
 I bought this even though the reviews were n't all that good , namely that it was slow to respond . Although I find that it works superbly . I carry it with my Palm in the case and use it from time to time at work and home . It 's much easier that trying to locate a hard copy of the dictionary . It is very easy to use and needs no instructions . Fantastic buy for the price .
 I love Palm Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary and Franklin Thesaurus ; it is the perfect tool to have for tech savey people like myself who do alot of typing , weither it be an email or typing a letter . Is easy to load on to most PDA 's , easy use , and most importantly a big help ! If you have a PDA , and an SD card slot ; this is a must have !
 I personally LOVE this little dictionary . I use it in my Zire 72 . The dictionary has lots of function and i have had no problems using it for every day use in my English 102 class . Its wonderful . It understands my Grafitti perfectly , and like other reviewers didnt make me go back . Its extremely easy to read , easy to move around the dictionary . You can click on one of the words in the definition and you get a little pop up window that allows you to view that defintion and then return to the previous word or name or whatever . There are biographical and geographic entries as well , not to mention the thesaurus . I keep the dictionary in my palm case all day every day -LRB- right next to my MP3 card -RRB- . The software was quick and easy to install , I had expected to fight with it but it just . . `` poof `` ed . I 've had my dictionary since my 101 class where my teacher required it . We rarely used it but i kept it any way and am so glad i did . Maybe I 'm just special , but I 'd like to give some credit to the card !
 I bought the 11th edition and this comes with Mobipocket Reader Pro v4 .7 . I find that the response is fast even though it loads from the card . The icons and user-interface are user-friendly . It would be much more helpful if I can just type in a new word without the hassle of manually going back to the main page and it would have earned 5 stars if there is also a direct link from the word in the Dictionary to the Thesaurus .
 This is a great little dictionary . Perhaps I should n't say `` little '' since it has 200,000 definitions . But I use it on my HP 3115 and it seems little . Easy to read , easy to move around the dictionary . You can click on one of the words in the definition and you get a little pop up window that allows you to view that defintion and then return to the previous word or name or whatever . There are biographical and geographic entries as well , not to mention the thesaurus . It is so handy to have such a great reference work within arm 's reach when you need a bit of information . The occasions for its use are endless . Highly recommended .
 This thing is great ! It comes in real handy when there 's no internet connection . The only bad thing is that I also have the encyclopedia . The format does n't allow you to copy and paste both books on a separate SD card , so you have to keep them both with you .
 It 's not easy finding birthday and Christmas gifts for teenaged grandsons . This was a pleasant surprise . The item has sufficient heft for a paperweight , and it is well made ; it does not look cheap . The calendar portions are actually more cream colored than the picture shows , plus they are enameled , giving it a more expensive look than I expected . The recent sale price of $ 8.56 made these a good purchase for me as a grandma on a budget .
 Fufilled my needs Want to give as a gift to my grandson who admired mine which is just like this
 I bought one of these for the desk in my law library . Looks good and price was great . Would buy again .
 This is a very neat looking desk pad and is a nice addition to any desk . I had searched many stores and was unable to find one as nice as this one is . I 'm glad I looked on Amazon !
 Since purchasing this telephone , we have had sterling performance on most fronts . The reception is clear at both ends , the answering machine menu is very helpful and the range on the handset is reasonable . The only irritating problem is when the handset is placed on base after switching from handset to speakerphone . A very shrill sound emanates .
 My husband and I have been very favorably impressed with this unit . It is the best answering machine-telephone combo we 've had . It has great sound quality . It has held up well considering we have frequent electric power interruptions . Previously owned brands were GE and Panasonic . We 've used this Sony model since 1999 . Currently , the telephone still works well , but the sound on the answering machine is deteriorating and I was hoping to replace it with an updated Sony model . I see the price on this one has n't changed since we bought it in 1999 . Was hoping it had become less expensive by now . Guess the price is n't too bad since it has served us for 10 years .
 We 've owned this model phone for over six years . No problems at all .
 I 've had this phone for more than 3 years and have had no problems with it . It has never ran out of battery . Answering maching sounds fine and the menu is n't that hard to use .
 Having this phone is not about being able to see how far you can actually walk away and not get static sounds when you are too far away . The service that it gives with the digital messages is what amazes me the most . I can quickly breeze through any any and all of my messages and erase them even faster . If I choose to I can turn the ringer off if I choose not to take calls and the message machine picks up , recording messages for as long as 18 minutes and the memory has a capacity of any where from 36 to 54 messages capacity . I highly recommend this phone and hope that you enjoy using it as much as I have .
 I have n't had the problems with this phone others have claimed having . I find the phone to be well made , and very durable -LRB- if not a bit too heavy -RRB- And while it is true that base speaker quality is poor , you can still understand the message quite easily , and I have n't had any problems with messages dropping off . As for sound quality of the phone itself , it rates 7-8 on a 10 scale . My complaint -LRB- in contrast with other feedback -RRB- is that the handheld is too loud , even on it 's quietest setting.However , it is comfortable to hold , and gets the job done without cluttering up the handheld with 30 + buttons . Battery life exceeded my expectations -LRB- no problem there -RRB- As for range , I can walk to the other end of my block and still carry on a conversation . So , if you want a decent phone for a decent price , go ahead and purchase this one . - Hope this helps ...
 This was a product I needed in a hurry and could n't find until I check out amazon.com . It 's exactly what I needed and I 'm very happy . Oh one more thing for the price and the value to me I should have gotten two . -LRB- smile -RRB- thanks again
 This durable , attractive surface cleans easily and does not stain . It provides an excellent surface for writing cursive , drawing or as a base for my laptop . I happily recommend it .
 This pad is on my office desk . It looks great and provides great protection . I liked it so much that I also bought the smaller LT-41S .
 I bought two of these to cover my new L-shaped desk . They 're quite thick and rugged . Note , it 's an odd thing to ship so it comes in a large flat box . The corners are vulnerable to any sort of dropping or rough handling . Hence , the first one showed up with the corner bent , but Amazon took it right back and sent a replacement .
 What can be said about a simple item as a desk pad ? It 's not a glamorous item like a desk lamp . It 's claim to fame is in its practicality . At work I was issued an circa 1950 wooden desk with sharp edges and corners . This desk pad significantly improved my comfort ! The cushioning underneath the pad is subtle yet enough to soften the effects of the wooden desktop . I appreciate the high-tech surface - true to its claim it is easily cleaned and restored after I eat my lunch over it - do I need to get a life ! The pad quickly arrived in great condition and was immediately put to good use . I highly recommend this pad !
 This desk pad is perfect . I have used the Rhinolin pads for a decade and they are tough , self-healing , promote better handwriting , ease fatigue from extensive hand-writing , and look great . They are padded lightly on the back to protect the desk surface . I use a non-toxic cleaner to keep it looking nice -LRB- such as Method non-toxic all surface cleaner -RRB- . Definitely 5 stars .
 Does just what it is supposed to do . Packing and shipping was 100 % . Product was in perfect condition when it arrived .
 Great pad , super durable , great protection for my desk -- I highly recommend it !
 This desk pad is large , and it covers all the work area on my desk that I need it to . The pad looks good on the desk , is heavy duty , and makes for a great and comfortable writing and work surface . If you need a desk pad this size , this is the one to get .
 I love this desk mat , keeps my space organized and I love it . I even wish it were larger but it stays put and gives me what I need to protect my desk and give me enough space for keyboard and mouse .
 I have an older wooden desk that is no longer smooth on the top . Although I use a mousepad , my forearms still lay on the old wood and I often get irritation there from all-day usage of my laptop on my desk . I decided to order this instead of buying an entirely new desk.This product is supposed to cover most of your desktop . It is very thin - only about 1/8 inch thick . The top of it is black paper , like a heavy cardboard . Underneath , it has a very thin layer of foam.It 's not shiny or made of plastic , so it 's not a great surface for your mouse . You will probably need to use a mousepad on top of this for your mouse . But , it is a great surface for writing as it makes it smooth and comfortable.In summary , it 's really a question of your intended usage of this product to determine if it will work for you .
 I use it for a mouse pad and I let it hang over the edge of the desk a little so the desk does n't cut into my arm . I thought it would thicker , like a mouse pad , but I 've grown to like it . It 's a great surface for a laser mouse . The foam on the back keeps it in place really well , no slipping and sliding .
 These pads are the perfect size for the partner 's desk my wife and I share . Our unit is not that deep and the regular size pads are too big . I think the pads will more than adequately protect the wood surface .
 I just received this pad and it is amazing . I put it on my desk slider which holds my mouse and keyboard , and it is the perfect mouse pad plus good protection for the desk . Highly recommend this pad .
 The cat 's claws do n't get caught in this one . It is easy to write on . Only thing we do n't like is that it makes a scraping sound as the mouse passes over it , but that 's the trade off . The large size soft ones we had before used to get dirty - were hard to clean and the cat 's would catch their claws in them .
 Bought this product for my son , so he would n't damage the soft wood top of his new desk . So far it 's working great . The product fits good , but another 2 inches longer and wider would have been nice .
 I ordered these mats for use in an office , for our conference room tables . I was pleasantly surprised when I received them . They look and feel quality -LRB- not cheap -RRB- and really add a professional touch to any conference room . Also , they are easy to clean . Quality product .
 What do I look for in a desk pad ? -LRB- A -RRB- It must be flat and smooth -LRB- B -RRB- It must be water resistant -LRB- C -RRB- It must not move all over the place -LRB- D -RRB- It must be durableThis one does all of those things . I have nothing more to add .
 Finally , a great large mouse pad ! I got this as a mouse pad , not as a desk protector as it 's advertised . Other sites have sold large mouse pads in the past but I suppose they have gone out of fashion as no one sells them anymore . I could n't find one in any store . The few I found online were absurdly expensive . This however is perfect . I ordered the smallest size hoping it was big enough but unfortunately it was not , so I 've ordered it again in a larger size to accommodate both my mouse and keyboard . I 'm really happy with it , great quality . Highly recommend for those looking for very large surface pads for keyboard and mouse.Update : I 've been using this since Dec 09 ' , now being Jun 12 ' . This pad still looks like it did the day I bought it .
 This thing is awesome . Makes for a PERFECT writing surface , the pen glides right around . Looks nice as well . Highly recommended !
 I noticed our desk was getting damaged by the mouse . This is like a large mouse pad that is smooth on top . It is just a little wider rhan my keyboard , so it looks nice . Stays in place pretty well . My wireless mouse works perfectly . Protects our beautiful desk without covering it all up .
 These are look amazing on our conference table ! Just what we were looking for to protect our beautiful table . They are easy to write on , not too thick . Very nice !
 Exactly what I wanted , it fits perfectly on my desk and is great to write on . I usually give 5 stars to these things , except when I received it it had a small dent , not a gash or anything that affects its use it just looks a bit weird . I doubt it 'll happen to anyone else it most likely was done in shipping .
 I bought this product for a very specific reason , and that is to dampen the acoustics of key strokes by reducing the transfer of sound from the keyboard 's body to the wooden top of the desk . I sit in a quiet environment with high acoustic-reflectivity walls , such that extended periods of key stroking become annoying . This product achieved what I needed . I searched for equivalent products , and found this one to have the desired dimensions I 'm looking for ; length and width are just slightly larger than the keyboard I use , and the thickness at 0.2 is perfect for my needs . The feel of the top 's material is good . The matte finish is easy on the eyes . This could double as a mouse pad , albeit a large one .
 It would probably make a poor frisbee or piece of art , but it is a top notch signing pad for your desk . People will call you sir , which is nice , unless you are a woman I guess .
 Very good quality desk pad , and it is a perfect fit on my work desk . Item is new as it described . Unlike some sellers sell used items as new .
 great price , quick delivery , wonderful labeling materials , makes organizing with labels easy and fun - the kids even want their stuff labeled - highly recommended
 My P-touch labeling machine is easily 15 years old and I am elated that Amazon.com carries replacement label cartridges of the same high quality as when originally introduced many , many years ago . And at a very reasonable price .
 I went to buy these at an office supply store and was shocked to find then here for half the price . Great deal and they work fine .
 I 've purchased in my country these labels , I 've bought already 2 packs and they are OK , the print out comes out good and the glue is hard enough to hold after a couple of years
 Handle is the perfect size and grips well . I like that the blade release knob is located on the rear of the handle . This makes blade changes easier and safer .
 The Masterview is a wonderful tool to keep `` cheat sheets '' in clear view . They are now easy to access and it is easy to flip through the `` pages '' to get to the information I need . I am thrilled with this product .
 Good quality , shipped on time and in excellent condition . I get many compliments from co-workers . Very happy with the product and the price .
 I have used this in my pre-school classroom as an organizational chart . I have the students names on crayon shapes -LRB- they colored , and we laminated -RRB- . Every morning the students can check to see what color table they are sitting at -LRB- colors are stuck to each table -RRB- . I can ability group or just organize so that those who do not work well together are seperated . Love it for that !
 Great tool for my 1st grade classroom . The kids love it and they use it everyday . I would recommend this item to any teacher .
 Magnetic Printable Sheets work great to keep pics of the Grandkids in easy view all the time ! The Gloss , Inkjet Ready , Make Your Own Personalized Refer Magnets by Magnetic Specialty Inc. worked great!Signed Don YoungOcala , FL
 We use this stuff to print data sheets and brochures at the office . Good value and great printing results . Highly recommended .
 The mohawk paper is really nice . I use it to publish a monthly news magazine -LRB- 12-20 pages -RRB- of good news in my area . It is slick and looks very professional and competes with any other magazine paper in quality . The only problem , the paper is quite expensive and is not sold in my area . I have to travel to Jackson , MS to purchase reams . When I ordered from Amazon , I thought that I would be in seventh heaven and get enough to last two months . No ! No ! Amazon shipped the paper in four installments , not indicated in my ordering quest . I had to wait several days to get another ream and a few more days for the next and so on . Hence , my news magazine was sent out later than readers expected . Late news does not read well .
 This paper is easy to grip for searching through a file and never clogs in the printer . Whenever we need to print a document for handoff , we always get complements on the paper . This paper is great for imaging/scanning due to image/document quality .
 Happy customers after I designed and printed new tri-fold crochures for my newest customer . Very professional results . Nice weight , nice finish . Just have to be careful not to let them ` stack ' after printed , so ink does n't smudge ... takes about 30 seconds to dry .
 The paper was great . It it an excellent paper for what I needed it for . I will be ordering more . However , the package was torn and the paper were sliding out of it .
 This chair exceeded my expectations . Definitely built for a larger person . Controls for many comfort levels including to raise back rest up and down to position lumbar support . I shopped around town before ordering this one as a gift . 100 % satisfied .
 my forearms are resting on this as we speak . very good quality . absolutely no complaints . very durable . and it 's thick enough that it has some heft . i suppose i should clean this on occasion with leather cleaning product . but i do n't . and it 's nice and soft and supple .
 Came super fast and in perfect shape . Will order again when product is needed again.Could not get this from my local office supply company .
 They 're books , you draw/write/paint in them.Price has went up since I bought mine , still a good value.Shop around if the price goes above $ 25 .
 Got this for a Christmas gift for my daughter at her request.Looking forward to see her artistic ability grow.Fast , fast shipping.Great seller .
 Excellent item to add to a artist or in my case for my neice and her callifry
 This Sketch Book Value Pack is a real score for bargain hunters always going through art paper like it 's going out of style.You will get three different pads in this assortment
 If you do n't buy this product after looking at it , you 're crazy . The company shipped it out the same day , and I got it the next ! I paid 20 bucks for a book just like the hard cover one . But , now with this deal , you get the hardcover book , plus two great sketch books !!!! There are also 3 different types of paper . So if you know what you 're doing , you 'll like it . If you just want to start drawing , you 'll like it . If you have a brain , you will like it !
 The best thing about this product was how fast I got it ! Second best was the quality . Best drawing pads I have ever had !
 I got my Grandson a lot of art supplies for Christmas . These pads were great .
 I would give my experience on this purchase a 10 . The product , price , and delivery time were all perfect . A great deal for the quality of the product .
 I am happy with my purchase . my daughter loves to draw and she has used half of one of the books already . The paper is good thick quality making the price very reasonable . I like the spiral to the books as well making it easy for her to display her work when she wants to share it .
 My nephew loves to sketch and draw , these pads are great cuz you received three different types of paper . Packing was neat and shipping was fast
 Gift for my grandaughter along with her pencils . Saved money by buying the pack .
 For the price you just cant go wrong . Especialy with the black sketch book for ur more `` advance/detailed '' artwork . Shipping was very good got here quickly and in great condition .
 too well protected ! shrink-wrap was so tight that outer corners of books were bent.Every artist knows what that means .
 I am really happy with all three of them . I am already half way through on of them . The packing was perfect . The only thing I wished for was for the paper to be more textured , but it works ! I am glad I bought this product and I am about to buy two as gifts for friends !
 Ok well maybe not a Rembrandt but for most who just want to draw and even frame some of their work , these will do . For sketching , why pay more people ... these drawing pads will meet almost all needs . I find them perfect .
 Art Alternatives provide excellent sketchbooks and drawing pads . I had the hardcover sketchbook in high school and it was excellent . This pack is worth it ! The hardcover , by itself , cost me $ 15 in high school , and that was the price for one in a class bulk set . If you 're looking for a few good sketch books , You wo n't regret this buy .
 I ordered these from Amazon just to see what they are like and was pleasantly surpised at how nice they really are . I like them better than my strathmore or canson sketch books . The paper has a really great `` feel '' do great with pencils and with colored pencils . I will be buying more of these ! I think they are awesome !
 These sketchbooks are just awesome ! I bought them for my daughter and she absolutely loves the hardbound sketchbook , but she also loves the other two sketchbooks . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a sketchbook . The shipping and handling was great . The sketchbooks shipped earlier than expected .
 These sketch books are of wonderful quality and are an excellent value for all 3 packs . My daughter is extremely happy with them and uses them every day .
 I was very pleased with the prompt service . The sketch books are perfect and I will use this service again , thank you .
 this is a cool package comes with three different sized sketch books im using these for my learning process of sketching and drawing i only know how to draw stick people lol but i also purchased books on how to draw so these work perfectly for me
 This was an awesome deal ! Received it fast and with good packaging . This is a Christmas gift that my daughter will love !
 The numbers and the value matched well . Gave it to the only artist in the family to sharpen his skills and consider a future in the wonderful world of art .
 I bought this for my niece and she loved them . She was just beginning to draw so I bought these and a drawing kit and she still uses them and loves them . Great gift .
 My 11 yr old great niece loved her gift ! I wanted to give her something she would really like and she did !
 This really is a great deal . The paper is quite nice , especially in the black book . The binding is quite nice on that one as well . My daughter loved this gift .
 These books are really nice . I think the price was great.The hard cover book seems very durable and professional . Ton of pages to fill !
 My granddaughter just loved these - she was in need of a new hard cover sketch book , and I was in need of a good price - we were both very happy with this purchase .
 Price savvy and very good quality ! Purchasing these sketch books separately would cost quite a penny so this trio pack is a perfect gift for those who love to draw at an affordable price . The paper is very good quality and can accommodate different types of drawing media !
 I bought these for Christmas for my nine year old daughter and my eleven year old son , who love to draw.They seem very high quality and sturdy . I was impressed with the value for the money . The hard boundsketch book seems very durable . I guess time will tell but overall I was very impressed . Great product!Thank you !
 We got this for my daughter for Christmas last year as her first real set of quality art supplies . I believe it was even discounted on Amazon at the time , which made it even more of a steal . As I recall , buying the same individually at the local art supply shop was almost twice this much when I last got into art.The paper itself is a decent weight and pretty high quality . It erases fairly well , which is a definite concern for a budding artist . There 's a good amount of paper in there too , so not only is it quality , but quantity at an excellent rate . I do n't know if this is the case , but my daughter seems to think each of the books seems to have a slightly different texture . I 'll have to check it out when I break down and buy this again!If anything , that should speak for the product ! I 'm ready to shell out more cash to buy it again now that my daughter wants more drawing paper for her artwork !
 Good sketching paper for the price . The sketch book was nicer than I had expected . I am happy with this buy .
 Bought this for a friend and for the 3 set for the $ $ it was a steal . TOTALLY WORTH THE BUY ! My friend draws all the time and she absolutely loves the hard cover copy takes it everywhere with her . the others are very nice as well strong and reliable .
 This binder came in exactly as described , and was packaged very well . I will be buying again . Very sturdy design .
 I currently own and utilize the black , red , and green Cardinal BasicValue 5/8 inch , three-ring binders . I really like them and the colors make them stand out from others I own . They are a bit smaller than binders most of us are accustomed to ... and that 's one of the things I like . They feel very comfortable to handle and easily hold all the paperwork I need to store inside them . The coarse finish on the binder cover has not been overdone
 This binder arrived on time and was exactly how it looks in the picture . Nice color . Sturdy . Fits purpose for which I bought it .
 It 's a great phone with many features and good coverage . With 3 handsets , I get to answer and use my phone anywhere in the house . I like it alot and recommend it .
 It is getting harder and harder to find plain arrow tags in yellow ! Amazon is the only place I have found them . These are in a convenient container that sits on your desk , easy to use , easy to write on , good sticking power . Fabulous product that should be a staple in any and all offices .
 This binder came in exactly as described , and was packaged very well . I will be buying again . Very sturdy design .
 This product is pretty good for it 's price , when I first looked for laser pointers , I was expecting to pay for like $ ... . I looked at a couple of the laser pointers and I bought this one , I like and I know that other people will love it too .
 This is a great visual depiction of World History if your looking for a timeline that can be used to decorate the classroom or be seen from across the room . If your looking for detail this timeline is not for you .
 This product does exactly what it is intended to do . I have had this shredder for over a year now and it still works.Pros-Shreds paper and credit cards-Very easy cleanup -LRB- lift off top and dump basket -RRB- - very easy maintenanceCons-Does not really shred as advertised . I believe the manual claims that it can shred 8 pages of paper at a time . I have never been able to accomplish this . At the very most , I can shred 5 pages . Even at 5 pages the shredder sounds like it is going to die and sometimes does stop . I keep the machine oiled but still seems to have trouble shredding multiple pages.Other thought-This is no fault of the product as it is a fault of my own . I wish I would have purchased a cross cut shredder instead of this strip-cut . I use this shredder almost daily and have a lot of paper to shred . Sometimes after I shred a document , I can still `` piece together '' what the document said because of the strip-cut . Again , this is no fault of the product at all . I should have done more research before making the purchase.Over all , I would recommend this shredder to anyone that has light shredding requirements -LRB- monthly bill statements , credit card apps , junk mail , etc. -RRB- . If you need to shred legal or more personal documents or require multiple pages to be shredded at a time , I might look into a medium-duty shredder .
 This takes some getting use to since all I have ever used is TI calculators . But I do like it
 I just got mine a few days ago and I 'm very happy with it . Takes a little while to get used to RPN mode -LRB- which is optional -RRB- and the little HP calculator quirks -LRB- like sqrt -LRB- 2 -RRB- * sqrt -LRB- 2 -RRB- = 1.999999 ... and sin -LRB- ~ pi -RRB- = -2.0676 E-13 -RRB- which really are n't bugs -LRB- most other , less precise , calculators would round these values -RRB- but a testiment to its accuracy and its intended audience -LRB- this calculator really is n't for the average high school student or even undergrad ! -RRB- . Has a suprising number of functions and features , way more than I would have guessed for the price . I can almost guarantee this machine can carry out any engineering/mathematical calulation you 'll ever want to do.The only issue I have with this calculator is that the decimal point is a little small . Its something I can live with , but might be a problem to those with relatively poor vision.And a tip for anyone finding calculations with complex numbers in RPN mode a little tedious , switch -LRB- temporarily -RRB- to algebraic mode ! It really saves time in the long run .
 I 've recently purchased a HP 33s . This calculator is simply excellent value for money , the best on the market.Unjustly , many have critised this calculator . Claiming everything from ; the decimal point is too small to the chevron keyboard `` looks '' cluttered.These claims are just silly petulant nonsense . HP and Kinpo have done a great job in making this calculator.This unit lives up to what you expect from a quality HP unit . Comfortable to hold , `` postive '' HP key clicks and chock full of power.This is a calculator that you will use everyday.I have no hesistation in recommending the HP 33s to anybody who is looking for a high-quality , durable and value for money scientific calculator .
 If you know how to do higher math and understand scientific equations , rest ashured you will be ok . Im ok when it comes to most subjects math just isnt for me . this calculator is heard operate . the buttons are too close for a person with any gurth will find it heard to operate . oh and when you go to shut it off let us know how that goes for ya . its a fine calculator yet it does take some knowledge . by the way the manual is bigger than the Bible . have fun !!! phillip , illinois
 Easy to use . Just wish the enter button was bigger or up top . Otherwise I like it .
 Being almost 67 year 's old and now retired it has been a long time when I had been required to learn that math crap while in college . Long forgotten and now relearning these math procedures is an incredible amount of fun utilizing this HP 33S Scientific Calculator . If I would have one of these babies a long ago while in college , I know the math procedures would have been much more enjoyable . The only CON I have with it is I wish that there was a way in which to store written programs to a computer maybe using a USB or something .
 Good backup in case my pda w / survey pro explodes . Tedious to enter equations and programs . Wish there was a small usb port to download programs instead of typing in 8 pages of programs one button at a time . Still i use it everyday , and could n't live without it .
 My trusty 25 + year old hp15c died , and there are very few options for rpn calculators . The hp33s seemed to be it . I read the reviews and went for it . I agree with the commonly cited issue about the decimal point being too small , but I have trained myself to look closely . The keys do n't feel as solid as the 15c , but after a month of use I am accustomed to them.I do wish it was easier and faster to switch between scientific notation and standard decimal , and to switch the number of displayed figures , but that simplicity died with my 15c . One complaint I have is that the batteries were absolutely dead upon arrival , and I had to go out and spend $ 10 for a new set .
 Well , what can I say . For the Professional Engineers exam there are no other choices in HP calculator models , either this or the 35s . This one was useful for studying and during the exam.PROS
 this is not your regular TI or Casio calculator . It is meant to be non graphical and multi function calculator . I bought it for my FE exam in April , 08 . This calculator comes with somany buit-in functions . Each button has atleast three functions to it . The instruction manual was very rich with content and dense . However , because it comes with so many functions , good luck figuring it all out . it can be confusing to find the keys you need . its also programmable which is what I look for in a calculator . However , programing is tedious and tormenting . Have fun !
 HP-33 - it 's one allowed for several national professional certification tests . You should get one , if that is what you plan to use , several months ahead of the test date , as it needs a fair amount of practice to familiarize yourself how it works . Once you learn , the 33 can be a real weapon though .
 Excellent calculator . Although some of the other reviewers indicate that the display and decimal point are a problem , all I can say is that I have no problem with it myself -LRB- and my vision is n't that good -RRB- . The keyboard is layed out very well . In addition , the v shape of the keyboard actually follows the natural curve that your thumb makes when holding this in your hand - so if you do a lot of entering with your thumb -LRB- like I do -RRB- , it is actually pretty comfortable and natural.The actual layout of the keys is very good . The most used functions are on the primary level and the ones used less often are included as part of the function key . The physics constants are included and although there were a number of comments about spelling out what the constant was , the calculator uses the standard symbol for each of the constants so if you use these constants often , not really too much of a problem.I grew up on HP 's -LRB- starting with an HP 25 -RRB- and this calculator really follows the same progeny . It is solidly built and very easy to program . It has all the functionality that you could really want for virtually any level . The size is a good compromise between compactness and readability of the functions.Great price for a very powerful and intuitive tool - well worth the investment .
 The HP 33s is one of the few calculators approved for use on the NCEES tests , including the LSIT and the EIT . It is programmable , and has the built in `` solve '' feature which solves for multiple variables within an equation . Reverse Polish Notation allows the user to input complex formulas with ease . They are cheap enough to own two just in case of failure during the test .
 this calc is alright once i got used to the keyboard layout . programmed , it helped me pass the LSIT test . it even converts # 's to a binary .
 I have been using this calculator on an almost daily basis in an engineering company for more than 3 years . The 1st set of batteries lasted 1 year 4 months . I have just put in the second set of replacement batteries after another 2 years.The readability of the display is not really an issue once you get used to it . I have the old version with larger number display , but closer together.The silver casing is now becoming a bit scratched , but looks well used . The carry case does a good job in protecting the calculator.I use the program facility for a few short -LRB- 20 line -RRB- programs . Anything more complicated is easier on the computer.It took a while to get used to the keyboard layout , but now seems intuitive . I certainly prefer the enter key in the bottom RH corner near the other main operators and the calculator has its own dedicated STO button -LRB- both unlike the HP 35S -RRB- . RPN mode is normally used , but it is easy to switch to algebraic mode to allow other people to borrow the calculator.I do not need the complication of a graphing calculator . Anything more complicated can be done on a computer more easily.A printed manual is included -LRB- unlike the HP 35S -RRB- . Overall , after more than 3 years use of this calculator , it has not let me down and with the recent price falls , I would certainly recommend it .
 First of all , I 've used an HP for nearly 10 years , starting with the HP 32SII . However , as a 32SII is harder and harder to find these days , I picked up one of these when they came out a couple years back . I 've been fairly pleased with it , but wish I could mesh the 33s and 32sII together.Some pros/cons : * The 33s keyboard feels slightly awkward . Not truly bad , but ENTER could be bigger , as you are going to be pushing it a lot . It also seems like you 'll push a button at an odd angle and not have it register -LRB- probably user error :P -RRB- . * The solver works well , and the stored constants are brilliant when doing coursework . * As many other users have stated , the stack should be much larger - 8 would be great -LRB- at least 6 would be nice -RRB- . * Being able to switch to Algebraic entry is nice in order to be able to loan out the calculator every once in a while . * Two display levels is REALLY nice , just in case you forget whats on the stack . * Finally , the batteries are quite expensive , all things considered . It does n't eat through them or anything , it simply runs you an extra ~ $ 10 every year and a half or so.Even with all the bad -LRB- certainly not terrible -RRB- , this is still one of the best calculators I have ever used . Heres to hoping HP keeps improving on the design .
 I purchased this calculator for my upcoming Fundamentals of Engineering exam , and although it is the priciest of the calculators allowed on the exam , it 's worth every penny . The calculator is programmable with equations , can perform integrations , and can solve equations via HP 's Solve application . The only thing I was disappointed with was the programming structure . The calculator has ample memory to store programs , but it only allows programs to be called by labels which are limited to one letter from the alphabet . Still though , the ability to solve equations in a program and integrate within a program more than make up for this lack in programmability . As a plus , this calculator allows the use of both algebraic entry or Reverse Polish Notation entry . Anyone who works with difficult equations with multiple nesting of operators will immediately appreciate RPN once they learn how to use it . It saves me a good twenty keystrokes every time I solve a problem .
 I am an engineer , and have been using HP RPN calculators daily for over 32 years , first in college , then in my professional practice . I have often said that the day I can no longer obtain one will be the day I will have to retire . I 'd almost rather go back to a slide rule than use an algebraic calculator . My most recent prior calculators -LRB- a 32SII and a 42S -RRB- were showing distinct signs of aging , so I was VERY pleased when the 33s came out.That said , this is my least favorite but one of all the HP calculators I have ever owned . -LRB- The least favorite is the 49gII graphic calculator , which does n't even implement HP 's signature RPN stack correctly . -RRB- The display of the 33s is of poor quality , and hard to read , the keys are sticky and do n't always `` register '' my keystrokes , and the key placement design is very bad . One of my pet peeves about HP has been that with every generation of calculator they redesign the keyboard layout . The five HP calculators I have in front of me as I write -LRB- one of them an emulation running on my Palm T/X -RRB- have four different positions of the all-important `` ENTER '' key . On the 33s , the `` ENTER '' key is very small , and next to the decimal point , with the result that I frequently hit `` ENTER '' when I mean to get the decimal . This , plus the sticky keys , causes me to make more mistakes in calculations than usual . -LRB- Fortunately , after 32 years , I usually know when I 've made a mistake . Sometimes I think the whole point of calculation is just to verify the answer I already know to be correct . -RRB- I should comment that I hardly ever use some of the advanced features . I 've not even figured out how to program it . In the early days , I used to write a LOT of calculator programs -LRB- who remembers the magnetic cards on the HP67 ? -RRB- . Nowadays , though , I have a computer .
 I love RPN calculators , and ca n't imagine life with an algebraic . That being said , I 've used an HP 48GX for ten years , and love it . But I never used the graphics or programming capabilities any more , and when I saw what they were selling for on eBay , I sold the dang thing.I figured I could replace it with a cheap RPN calculator form TI or Casio , but was shocked that as far as I can tell , only HP makes RPN calculators . With some misgivings , I bought the HP 33s . THE DECIMAL POINT ISSUE . I read a lot about the decimal point in reviews before buying this , and I was wary to buy the calculator because of what some people say is the invisible decimal point . All I can say is they are nuts . The decimal point is small , sure , but it 's clearly visible . I never have trouble seeing it or guessing whether it 's there.All in all , I probably spent 25 $ extra dollars over an equivalent TI or Casio , just so I could get RPN , but it was worth it . I recommend this calculator.Pros : Quick keys for engineering notation and English/Metric conversion for common unitsCons : I wish the enter key was bigger . Kinda ugly .
 As a bit of background , I 'm an engineering college professor . As an educator , I 'm tempted to ONLY allow this calculator in my engineering classes . It does what a calculator is supposed to do
 I have n't used any other HP calculator , so I can not compare the quality of this calculator to other HP 's , but it seems very well built . I love the key response it is nice to be able to feel the key feedback unlike my TI calculators . I 'm a Physics student and LOVE the RPN once you get use to it calculations are so much faster than using a TI . I have had this calculator for 6 months and have not touched another calculator . If your not sure about RPN there is a free download for windows called excalibur that is an RPN calculator , so you can play around , and once you get use to RPN it 's nice to have a calculator on your computer that you are comfortable using . This calculator is amazing you 'll be using your TI calculator as a paperweight once you get this calculator ! Plus you can use on the FE .
 My first calculator was the HP35 , and I 've been using HP calculators for the ensuing 32 years , including the HP45 , HP67 , HP32S , HP32SII , HP42S , and HP49G + , as well as the HP33S . For the money , I do n't think you can beat the 33S . I 'm somewhat bewildered by the gripes in some of the other reviews about decimal points , enter key location , key layout , key action , display , etc.Sure , I 'd rather have the decimal point in its own space like the 35 , 45 , 65 , 67 , 42S , 49G + , etc. , but I find that it 's just as easy to see this dot on the -LRB- later models ! -RRB- 33S as on the 32S or 32SII . I have absolutely no problem with it . This is one of the clearest and most readable displays I 've found on any calculator and , with its two lines showing what 's going on with both the X and Y registers , a significant improvement over the 32SII . The enter key location takes getting used to , but works fine for me , whether I 'm using my left or right hand . The overall key layout is a bit weird , but also works ok for me , with good key action -- and I have NEVER had a key fail to make an entry when pressed.Quality ? The 33S has it . I find that the injection molded case pieces are fully as well and tightly assembled as on previous models.Just the improvements I already mentioned make this calculator worth getting . But then you also get 32K of memory , almost 100 times what the 32SII has ! You just about never have to worry about running out of memory due to long programs or too many programs , as you did with the 32S , 32SII , and even the 42S . Overall , I think the 33S is a real bargain .
 Arrived ahead of schedule . Ordered three for employees who work in the LLRW disposal business and they are working awesome . Glad to have them .
 I got exactly what I wanted at the best price I could find , and it arrived several days before the promised delivery date .
 The shipping is fast , the condition of the calculator is excellent .
 this clculator is a very excellent calculatorit is a calculator that couls be used for many things.also it has rpn -LRB- reverse polish notaton -RRB- and algebraic notationthis means that u are able to use it for manymany different thingsthank you
 i had used this calculator at my previous job . when i switched jobs i wanted to stay with one that is familiar . you ca n't beat the old 32s and 42s , but the 33S meets the demands of my job .
 Contrary to most of these reviews , the HP 33s was the first HP I used , and I have to say it 's far ahead of those little TIs in speed and functionality . RPN is great . Some of my friends with the older HPs have complained about the small enter button and the moving around of the keys and such ; I think this is simply a problem of being used to the calculator-I 've tried to use the 32sII 's and have been flustered by them . Also I really like the little things -LRB- having the 2 lines , the RPN ALG switchability , and the extra keys for square root and such -RRB- that have been added onto the new calculators-the bits of added efficiency . I have had very little trouble with the comma decimal distinction -LRB- but then I usually have mine set in scientific notation , and when I do n't , the added commas are usually helpful -RRB- . I think the narrower numbers on these new ones are made to help fix this complaint.The only complaint I have is that when I put it in my backpack , my backpack will push against the leather cover and turn the thing on and it drains the batteries . And yes , after a good while the buttons sometimes make funny springy sounds , but none of my buttons has actually died , and it 's been in use a few years now , pretty much every day.So yeah , I love my HP . If you do n't have an HP , get one . If you do , hang on to it , because I guess HP is being petitioned too much to continue on this route .
 Do n't like
 My institution has some odd restrictions on calculators , they like to make sure students have the mental abilities to perform and have banned graphing calculators for chemistry . Struggling with cheap non-graphing calculators I asked my favorite professor what non-graphing calculator I should get for chemistry and he told me , `` Get the HP 33 and thank me later . `` I did thank him later . There is a reason these things go for twice as much on Ebay.There was a visiting PhD in my class last week and he noticed my HP 33 and commented that I must be a serious student to have such a quality calculator.If you have to do any work that requires precise sig . figs. , this is your beast . Yes , I know , anyone can track sig . figs . by hand without much effort . Most errors in high math and chemistry come down to misplaced decimal places , why would n't you want a calculator that can function completely in scientific notation?If you 're like me , and you ca n't track 2.36 x10 ^ 24 + 5.34 x10 ^ 21 in your head , get an HP 33 . You will have many moments where you go to work on a problem in a group and and your HP 33 will solve the problem in half the keystrokes of a TI-86 and people will say , `` Your calculator does what ?! Where do I get one ?! `` Also , read the manual . Reverse Polish is nothing like a normal calculator , do n't be intimidated ! Just sit down and read the manual and complete the provided sample problems and eventually the light bulb goes on in your head . After that , you wo n't be able to function without your HP 33 and you 'll start snickering at all those TI folks who are still punching in parentheses while you 're onto the next question .
 I just got my HP33s a few days ago , and I am not disappointed in any way . It is very powerful with lots of features and options , extremely light , and very comfortable both handheld and while using it on my desk . I did not have any problems reading the display , and the keys , although arranged differently from the old HP45 , are comfortable , not sticky , and have a great tactile feedback . It is easy to write programs and macros , and all the features I frequently use in my everyday engineering work are directly available on the keyboard . It can also work in binary , octal , and hexadecimal -LRB- I wish I had one while I was in college -RRB- . It does not come with a charger or wall plug , or a computer link , but it uses two parallel batteries , so you can replace them one at a time and never lose whatever is in the calculator memory . I have not tried the algebraic mode yet but I find this to be a great feature for somebody who is not used to RPN yet . It includes all the trig , log and stats functions and also includes many conversions and 40 constants so you do not have to remember Avogadro 's number or the speed of light . Yesterday I challenged my son , who is in engineering school , to solve a few vector analysis problems , he with his TI83 and I used my new HP33s ; I beat him every time . Overall I think it is a great buy .
 The price of this calculator was about twice as much as I wanted to pay , but I had to have the RPN capability . When you have used an RPN calculator as long as I have , it 's difficult to change . The metric conversion functions were a must have feature for me also . The one thing I dislike the most about this calculator is the key layout . The keys are not layed out straight across , but rather they are in a `` V '' orientation . If you are single finger user as I am , you will miss some keys .
 There has long been a real need for a high-quality scientific calculator for serious scientific and engineering professional , so I was glad to see HP back in the market with the HP-33S , a replacement for their popular HP-32SII -LRB- of which I own three ! -RRB- . With some caveats -LRB- see below -RRB- , I 've found this to be a very good scientific calculator , and probably the best one being manufactured today . I guess HP finally noticed that people are willing to pay over $ 300 for a used HP-32SII , and took the hint.First , some general comments . I judged the overall quality of the calculator to be quite good . The keys have a good solid feel , like traditional HP calculators . It has about 80 times the memory of the HP-32SII , and I found it to run about 2.5 times faster . The manual is excellent -- clear and very well written , and similar to the HP-32SII manual.The HP-33S has a few new features that were n't on the HP-32SII : - Both RPN and algebraic entry modes . -LRB- The default is RPN . -RRB- I use RPN exclusively myself . - Several new functions
 I have an HP-32SII that 's started to behave a little flaky so I bought this as as replacement . Compared to the HP-32SII , this has a couple of improvements that I find useful : -- The ` eng ' key to display the current result in engineering mode is a nice way to avoid always having your calculator in ` eng mode ' ; sometimes handy . -- I like the constants library.There are only a couple of items where I think the result is _ worse _ than the HP-32SII : -- The overly small decimal point . I still find it completely usable but this clearly a faux pau for HP . -- On the ' 32 , all the menu screens fit onto a single line , even though doing so caused some functions to only be given two characters . On the 33 , they chose more characters but sometimes you have to scroll the menu line . Example
 Well , the tiny decimal & comma display is just unfortunate . But it does have an excellent fraction display mode . It has the ability to approximate fractions and indicate the + -5 % error with an up or down flag on the display . I am tempted to use fraction mode all the time as I am getting eye strain trying to squint and find the decimal point . The other solution is to always FIX the decimal places so you know where the decimal point is . The new ALL display mode keeps us guessing on the location of the decimal point.In contrast , the unusual keyboard design is actually quite effective . The angled key layout forms a `` V '' shape . The appex of the V shaped rows helps visually partition the keyoard into two symmetrical halves and seems to make locating functions easier . Eventually , you begin to associate one of three key shapes with the key function -LRB- ignoring the silver keys -RRB- in addition to the row and column of the respective key.RPN mode is great but having algebraic mode that shows the entire calculation sequence as an equation is a great addition . This is handy if you are making impromptu calculations without paper and a pencil to write down equations first . I have been a great fan of RPN for decades but it is easy to loose track of a long , multi-level calculation series . Even if you write down a long equation on paper and begin punching it into an RPN calculator , you could get side tracked and you forget what part of the equation you need to resume entering . This is where I see the benefits of Algebriac mode that has the ability to show in real time , the history of your entries . Try it in this calculator and you 'll see what I mean -LRB- you have to enable it with the ALG key -RRB- . The algebraic sequence is displayed on the top line as you enter each number and function -LRB- it is displayed as an equation but with constants -RRB- . However , such functionality has been implemented in calculators from Sharp and others in the past but with edit and reuse capability . For instance , the HP33s does not allow the recently entered series -LRB- after pressing ENTER -RRB- to be recalled , edited and re-executed . If you think you are going to reuse a series , you have to enable equation mode and type it in as a formal equation . These equations can be re-executed multiple times with different values for any embedded variables . The big down side to the equation editor is that its `` edit capability '' is limited to backspacing/deleting each entry from the right . You can not modify an entry in the middle of the equation without deleting all enteries to the right of the desired entry and then retyping all of them . I 've seen decade old calculators from Sharp with true edit capabilities ; surprising that HP does not offer this capability . However , where the HP really delivers is its extensive function library and problem solving capabilities . Its just that its user interface is quite disappointing . I had hoped that the the HP33s would be a pocketable version of the HP48 -LRB- which I also own -RRB- but with one-key STO and RCL functions -LRB- as opposed to the overly complicated version in the HP48 that requires manual garbage collection on a trail of variables through a heirarchy of directories - you can always program your way out of such a mess but why should we ? -RRB- . As for programming , the number of variables is limited to the letters of the alphabet -LRB- and a few more -RRB- - essentially , the variables are named with a single character . All labels in programs have one character names . Therefore , you can have a max of around 34 programs . Programming is not as flexible as the HP41CX . However , the HP33s has a lot more built in functions including impressive support for integration -LRB- i.e. takes any expression you write and integrates it with the limits specified in the X and Y registers and choose the integration variable - its that simple -RRB- . There are no I/O options - no infrared , or any serial interface to the outside world except through the keyboard and its LCD with a tiny decimal and comma seperators.Oh , by the way , it is very thin but we ca n't take advantage of it for stuffing it into a shirt pocket without ripping it out since the calculator is just too wide . Did HP layoff all its human factors design team ? Come on , it is advertised for Engineers and other geeks . It has to fit into a shirt pocket to keep our hands free to carry all the tools , machinery and other stuff when we are not calculating !
 My HP 10C needed to be retired . It 's taken alot of abuse since the early 80 's . My daughter was kind enough to let me borrow her HP 48g + -LRB- practically new because she 's been using a TI-83 Plus in math/engineering -RRB- . Well , the 48g + is a little much for my needs -LRB- and it 's a brick -RRB- , so I decided to find a comparable replacement for the 10C . I was disappointed to discover that there were no longer any HP scientific models in this form-factor -LRB- 10C , 11C -RRB- , only the 12C which unfortunately is a business calculator or other unacceptable algebraic units . I first noticed the 33s at a local Fry 's Electronics , but the chevron layout of the function keys did not thrill me . However , this was the only RPN calculator in this class , so I took the plunge.I devoured the well written manual -LRB- 355 pages -RRB- in two days , keying in many of the examples and creating some of my own . It does an excellent job of covering the scope of the 33s 's functionality , with emphasis on equations and programming . Its support for an unlimited number of equations is a different -LRB- better -RRB- solution to the expression history offered on some algebraic units . The two line display shines when navigating through the equation list and program store . The 33s is far superior to my ancient 10C in terms of the number of functions offered , the size of persistent store and programmability . Although for real programming tasks I 'd use a desk - / laptop system , it 's hard to beat the convenience of this light-weight , pocket-sized , programmable device.My two nits : -LSB- 1 -RSB- The equation editor is primitive compared to $ 15 units
 Like many buyers of the HP-33s , my purchase decision was forced by the NCEES calculator policy on the April 2005 FLS exam . As of November 2007 , NCEES only allows 5 specific models of calculators :1 . Hewlett Packard - HP 33S2 . ** NEW ** Hewlett Packard HP-35s2 . Casio - FX 115MS or FX 115MSPlus -LRB- may have SR designation -RRB- 3 . Texas Instruments - TI 30X IIS4 . Texas Instruments - TI 36X SOLARThere are several points of difference that separate the HP-33 & 35 from the other 3 allowed models
 I am just getting used to it . I still have a couple of years before I take the P.E. exam -LRB- I hope that it is still allowed on it -RRB- . Previously used HP 48GX . RPN input is the way to go . This calculator can do both RPN and algabraic input though . I like the size and weight as well .
 I have been using the HP33S for several weeks now and am quite pleased with its basic performance . I wanted a straight forward scientific RPN calculator and that is what I got . Would really have liked a bigger ENTER key but now that I am used to the little one its no problem .
 I bought this calculator to complete the fundamentals of engineering test . The calculator helped me tremendously . The reverse polish notation is incedible . I would n't recommend this calculator for anyone that is n't familiar with computer programming . The interface is a little confusing , but saves a lot of time once you get the hang of it .
 I have purchased 2 hp33s calculators , one right after it was introduced and one recently and there has been a definite improvement of the display on the latest calculator . There is more space between characters , which makes the decimal point much more visible . This one change corrected the biggest flaw in this model , and in my opinion , makes the hp33s the most practical scientific calculator on the market today.Don ' t be fooled by old display models , the latest LCD is more than acceptable .
 Good things :1 - RPN and algebraic . 2-31kB . 3-Pocket size . 4-Non RPL programming -LRB- I like RPN , but I hate RPL -RRB- . 5-Equation editor to use with solve and numeric integration -LRB- in some old models we need to writte a program -RRB- . 6-very good manual . 7-40 physical constants.Bad things :1 - No matrix algebra . 2-Terrible keyboard . 3-Only 26 labels and memorys for 31KB of memory ! 4-No real menus like HP-42S or HP-48G -LRB- just a primitive kind of menu which use the intire two lines -RRB- 5-Inferior complex algebra . For example
 I researched this calculator against the other 3 types that could be used for the PE exam . This one is a lot more expensive and thus the 4 star rating , however , if you want any kind of edge on the exam this is the right play . If you have n't taken the test yet ... yes , they do check your calculator against their approved list . There wo n't be any negotiating , volunteers who know nothing of calculator types check your model number against the list . They will take your calculator if it is n't on the list because they did it to someone sitting right behind me . He had to do the entire test with no calculator . Of course , I did n't feel the least bit sorry for him because they specifically tell you to only use their approved list.I took the Electrical exam and the Computer specialty in the afternoon and passed on the first try . These are the three features that will give you an edge on the test and I honestly think they are worth the extra investment .1 -RRB- It has a stack which saves calculation time by a lot . The stack is only like 4 lines deep and the screen shows 2 lines .2 -RRB- Base conversions are built in . It is so easy to just hit 2 buttons and have the conversion immediately instead of going long hand . And when you have to solve the output of a complex digital system , time is better spent thinking about the system than calculating something out by hand . If memory serves , there were nearly 10 problems needing this feature between the morning and afternoon sections .3 -RRB- Rectangular to polar conversions are built in . Your phasors and complex numbers will all be trivial . Think about simplifying large RLC circuits by hand . Think of the time savings you could spend on other problems . Also , if you spend more than 6 minutes to solve something by hand and then get it wrong , that is just crazy . If memory serves there were 6 to 8 problems on the morning section needing this feature.Trust me , these features will save you time and you can spend more time thinking through how to solve each problem instead of trying to get the calculations exactly right by hand . Put your number crunching ego aside and understand that the problems are hard . You will need to think about many of them . They are harder than the review manuals out there for sale . The review manuals help brush up on your theory and get your ready no question about that . But , you will have to think and be savvy because the questions are not carbon copies with the numbers changed . This calculator will give you a small edge in helping you save time and being accurate.Maybe the other disciplines like Chemical or Civil do n't need polar to rectangular or base conversions , but for any Electrical test taker these you will need .
 It is complicated , so if you plan to use it for FE , buy it early in order to be familier with with it
 Excellent calculator . It has everything that I need , operations with complex numbers , and programming.Drawback
 Great Calculator . Get it before you ant get it anymore -LRB- like the HP 48 -RRB- . This one is still allowed on the EI and PE exams .
 I originally hated it ... if only for the way it looked . But the appearance grew on me , and the calculator itself was a joy to use . I strongly prefer RPN -LRB- reverse Polish notation mode of data entry and execution -RRB- , which is the input system for this calculator . It may not have the massive memory of a graphing calculator , but there is more than enough memory for many short or &#34; medium &#34; length -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- programs . It comes with a constants library and you can create your own equation library . It is lightweight and for general use , more than fast enough . If you want to converge some series , maybe , it may take all night or so , but otherwise , a very pleasurable calculator to use . I reach for it more than any other one I have -LRB- and there a few in the drawer -RRB- . Battery life , for me , seems fairlly long , many months , more than a year on two CR 2025 button cells .
 The manager and the engineers did not want any other calculator than this one . Many have been ordered and will be ordered in the future . Thanks , for doing great business !
 I bought the calculator to take the PE exam . I would agree with some of the criticisms of the machine -LRB- single letter variable names , difficult to edit , etc. -RRB- , but I found it to be a very powerful little calculator that never let me down . I was able to program over 150 mechanical engineering formulas into it , and that saved a lot of time and likely saved me from errors on the exam . Bottom line is , it helped me pass . HP has always been the best when it comes to calculators .
 This calc does have some programming limitations - however , with its equation entry mode & efficient RPN data entry , programs are n't really all that needful -LRB- not in this price range anyways -RRB- . I found no problems with the display or the size of the decimal point . This is my first hp calc , so the keyboard layout does n't freak me out as it has for some . Overall , its a great calculator , still on the approved list for NCEES exams , and still one of the most feature laden choices for those exams . It seems to do everything the 35s does , and for less $ $ too .
 Another great HP calculator . I 've owned HP 's since 1973 beginning with HP-35 , HP-65 , HP-41CV , and HP-48GX . A real added feature with the calculator is that is can do some functions using complex numbers . It is I believe the only remaining HP scientific calculator that uses RPN .
 I was a long time user of the HP 48 series . I used that all through college . I 'm a Civil Engineer by profession w/10 yrs experience . I mainly use the simple functions so this works great for me . The 4 buttons on the top of the calculator `` eng , solve , modes , display '' take up a big portion of the calculator . I 'd prefer to have a larger screen . I really enjoyed larger screen of the HP 48 since it allowed me to see several lines that I 'd already entered and swap lines when doing series of things , like closing a traverse . I know this one stores numbers and I can do all the functions of the HP 48 I just do n't want to change how I was doing it before I liked seeing 3-4 lines at a time.I like that this calculator is smaller and can fit in my front pockets . My old hp48 would have to balance on top of all the books and papers I was carrying to a conference room . I just put the hp33 in a pocket while I walk .
 This is an excellent calculator ! The V-shaped keyboard layout does n't hinder one bit and the display is easy to see and read . HP did a great job of writing the instruction manual with lots of examples that contain clear and concise step by step explanations about how to calculate with RPN . Once you try it , you 'll wonder how you ever used your TI to solve those really long equations with tons of parenthesis . Do n't believe the hype about RPN learning curve . It 's a snap to learn and use for first timers .
 Update 2008
 I have owned the 33s for two months and during this time I have become familiar with most of its capabilities . I am a physicist and I use my hp 33s almost on a daily basis.This calculator goes unrivaled as far as its functionality . The fact that it offers the ability to perform key-stroke programming -LRB- with features like looping and branching -RRB- alone places it a step above any other scientific calculator available in the market today , with the exception of the -LRB- much bulkier and more expensive -RRB- graphic calculators.The formula solver is very powerful and easy to use . The unit conversions are easy to access and the machine can perform complex arithmetic and trigonometry -LRB- i.e. functions like sin , cos , etc. have a mode to operate on complex numbers -RRB- . I also like the physical constants menu which is perhaps one of the most complete I have seen in any calculator.The overall `` retro '' look of the machine is great and offers , IMO , a nice departure from the boring , brick-like , HP 's of the 70 's , 80 's and 90 's -LRB- with the exception of the 11c , 12c , and 15c -RRB- and from other brands.The RPN entry logic takes a little practice to get used to , but is well worth the initial effort . The build quality is good , but not excellent -LRB- hence the 4 stars -RRB- . I do not know how durable the 33s is , but it feels a little bit too fragile , mainly because it is very light . My biggest complaint about the build quailty , though is that my 33s does not stand completely flat on a table . Also I would have liked the machine to be a little smaller.Overall , I highly recommend the 33s to anyone looking for a powerful and versatile scientific calculator .
 This is one of the approved models by NCEES to take the professional Engineer test , browsing the net , I found a books with equations using the HP 33s calculator for the PE exam . And I decided to buy both.I first went through the manual , and honestly , the deeper I was going into the manual , the more I was loving this calculator.What I love the most is the equations and programs . It 's a miniature computer . I went slow through the manual , but when I was done , I was flying while solving problems . I was amazed at how quickly I was solving the problems using the equations and formulas that I had saved on it , if I had to use another simpler scientific calculator I would have had expended about 3 more mins at least on every problem I had to use it . I was so scared to run out of battery while taking the test that I bought a second HP 33s calculator , just in case , and took it to the test . ... and Yes , I passed the test : -RRB- I would suggest to everyone to have this calculator if they are taking the PE exam , it will save you time so you could answer more problems . The book did not impress me , I came with my own formulas , but I still thank the author of the book for leading me to this calculator .
 I teach math at a community college , and use this calculator for most of my daily calculations . I own 2 33s and a hp 50g . I have recently bought the 35s . I have n't had a chance to spend much time with the 35s , but my initial impression is a positive one . I like the fact that one does not have to use shift for the following operations -- e ^ x , x ^ 2 , and the -LRB- nth root of x -RRB- . On the 35s one has to use shift to access these , thus adding extra key strokes . I love the side grips made of rubber . This helps me hold on to the unit while in class . The 35s does not have these . It will take me some time to decide to lay down my trusty 33s for the 35s . I love both calculators , but I 'm use to the 33s . If you buy the 33s or the 35s you will not be disappointed . RPN is my preferred method for doing calculations . Hope this helps .
 I have been using HP calculators since 1980 when i purchased an HP41C . It survived until 1992 when the keys wore out . I bought another HP scientific calculator and used it for several years . Then I happened upon this gem . I do n't use programming or graphing functions since I work with computers that do far more than any calculator might be able to do . I love this calculator because my family can use it as well as I can . One daughter is in higher level math and science and used it for her classes . It is far more intuitive than offerings from TI and Sharp . I am teaching a course in physics to high school students and find that the access to the constants and the general lay out of this calculator is just right for the types of computations and problems we are performing in class . I have two of the 33S calculators ; my daughter complained when I hijacked hers -LRB- she too likes RPN -RRB- . Needless to say , it is compact , well-featured and did n't cost a lot of money . For what it 's worth , I would recommend it for any high school science student .
 I am one that has used a TI-86 all through high school , college and into my professional career . I had to have a different calculator to take the PE exam so my company likes the HP 33s so they let me borrow one . After getting used to it for it takes a bit to get used to , I was hooked on it . I like that it is very powerful but very small calculator . Very big display and easy to see equation and you can choose RPN or Alg . Of the calculators I have used -LRB- TI-35 , TI-86 , TI-89 , HP-48 , HP-49 , & Casio 15 -RRB- this is my favorite . Use TI-89 or HP-49 if you are needing a graphing calc. , but if you do n't then this is great for an engineering student or engineer .
 I 'm an engineer who does most computations using computer software . I purchased this model to use at my desk and learn RPN . I 've used a Casio graphing calculator since college -LRB- 12 yrs ago -RRB- . I have always been intriged with HP 's RPN calculators , and have tired out various palm applications that simulate an HP.I have been very happy with my purchase , it 's much easier to use than the palm version . RPN has been a joy to learn and use and the manual very helpful in explaining how to use this tool . I am hooked and would recommend this to anyone wanting a quality RPN calculator . I find using RPN much more powerful than normal calculator entry , and the HP quality better than my old Casio.I was going to purchase a HP 32II , on ebay , after reading some negative reviews of the 33s . However , they are going for more than double the cost of this new one . For me , most of the flaws that other reviewers have mentioned have not been significant.Very pleased with this very powerful RPN calculator for $ 50 .
 I 'm a very long-time HP/RPN user -LRB- even had an RPN calculator NOT made by HP - National Semiconductor ! -RRB- and have quie a few of them lying around . I really liked the 32SII , but I lost one , and another is sometimes deciding to ignore keystrokes . And I have a few 48-series -LRB- way too big and too much for my needs -RRB- , and an 11C . The 33S is a reasonable attempt at a 32SII replacement . The styling is unnecessarily cluttered and more than a little strange , but it 's functionally darn near identical to the 32 . The teeny decimal point is sub-optimal , but I can see it well enough . The functions assigned to the big keys under the display seem pretty arbitrary - I can see the modes and display settings - but a giant key for ENG display ? The ` enter ' key is small and inconspicuous , and in an odd place . And the meta/superscript-keys are just about impossible to see , particularly the purple right superscript.All that aside , it works , and it keeps RPN alive , and I 'd probably have to quit rocket science and instead go work in the food service industry if I had to use algebraic calculators again.It remains to be seen if it would pass the drop test , and how long it lasts . It seems solid enough and certainly more sturdy-feeling than the usual POS TI and Casios . It 's well made and everything fits the way it should . The keys are hard plastic as God intended , and the key action is slightly stiffer than the usual HP , but very secure and so far I have n't had a missed keystroke.I think it 's also an excellent value for about $ 50 . Overall , I 'm reasonably satisfied.Update - After about 6 months of use , I was surprised to find that the batteries were low even with fairly limited use . It 's certainly not as good in this regard as the 32SII or the earlier 11C - which still has it 's original watch batteries from 1983 ! Another oddity . I had a problem requiring random numbers , so I decided to see how the 33s did , mostly to test the processing speed . But I kept getting slightly erroneous results . I wrote a test program to compute the average value generated by RAND . Instead of the expected average value of .5 , I actually got ~ .503 ! That 's not very close . It 's not a function of the seed , and I ran it for several different sample sizes up to about 20000 -LRB- hey , maybe that 's why my batteries are dead ... -RRB- , and it always converged to about .503 . Granted , you would n't normally need this to be right since you would n't really use a pocket calculator for this sort of problem , but a .6 % error in the norm is n't very close.Yet another item of interest . While accessing the various settings with a menu and the giant navigation button right below the display is perfectly functional , it 's rather annoying in that when you select , say , `` BASE '' conversions , it always defaults to the 1st selection in the list , instead of the current setting . If you get in menu accidentally , it 's very easy to switch the parameter accidentally.While my initial impression stands , and it 's completely functional , it definitely has a few pretty silly/irritating human factors features that you would never have found on HP 's of old .
 I had a 32SII for years . It met with an unfortunate accident some time back . Imagine my excitement when I read about the 33s ! Well , first off , let 's get the display issue out of the way . Yes , the radix mark is tiny . Very tiny . Yes , it is a design error . It 's hard to spot . But does it make the calculator difficult to use ? Not for me , as I usually have a pretty good idea what answer I should get before I punch things in . The display is large , clear and exhibits excellent contrast.I have no idea how good the algebraic mode is . I use RPN exclusively . I dislike algebraic calculators . I really do n't have that sort of time to waste when I 'm using a calculator . The 33s uses the same stack structure as so many HP calculators before it , so general use is just like using an old friend - Familiar , easy , and very efficient.The keyboard is odd looking , but the looks of the keyboard are not a problem for me . Others have complained that the green and purple used on the two shift keys are difficult to distinguish in low light . I suppose this is true , but about three minutes of use should allow you to memorize their positions . And , if you can not , perhaps the clear , easy to read annunciators in the display will help . The keyboard 's ` touch ' is excellent . The keys snap nicely when pressed , providing very good tactile feedback.The machine seems well made . It is a nice size for me . And the unique ` ENG ' button , which allows a numer to be shifted to engineering format , is a unique and very useful feature.Just like the 32SII , the assortment of available functions is excellent . It even has the most common metric conversions available at the touch of two keys , a feature invaluable in my field.The included documentation is well written and concise , and far more complete than what comes with most calculators these days.I am pleased with my purchase . This machine is nearly as good as the sought-after 32SII , and is much more affordable .
 I have had this calculator for almost a week now . I am currently a junior level mechanical engineering major as well as a math/science tutor . I have four other hp calculators , the 30s , 48g , 49g + , and my favorite , a 15c . I have to tell you that i am a huge fan of the 11c and 15c calculators . I think that they are the perfect blend of size and functionality . I also like my 49g + a great deal . Due to the increasing popularity and value of the 15c , I was looking for something similar that I could throw in my back pack and take to school with out the fear of it being stolen or distroyed in some insane scooter accident . This calculator interfaces exactly like the 11c and 15c . It has the exact same program interface as well . Programming this thing is fun and easy . It makes you feel like a hero to be wizzing through some of these lengthy formulas while others are frantically pushing buttons . It even one-ups the old dogs by offering a way to imbed messages and equations in your programs . It also can prompt you for variable inputs instead of storing the variables before you run the program . In short , I love this thing . I am shelfing my 15c for the collector value . Also , I understand that there are 20 some odd years of improvements between the 15c and the 33s , but it is funny to program in the same equasions and watch how the 33s instantaniously displays the result , while the 15c flashes `` running '' for 10 seconds . Buy this calculator , its amazing . Learn to use RPN . It will make you smarter , lol , maybe not , but it will make you examine long math problems much more efficently . This is a great machine with a great lineage . Maybe it helps that I live in Corvallis Oregon where the 10c series was birthed and have talked to some of the engineers who built these things , but i love them . If you are looking to put away a vintage calculator that is increasing in value without learning a whole new operating system , or are in the market for a super fast super versitile programmable scientific calculator , this is your best bet . Do n't wait till the FE exam to get it . You can master programming this thing in a few hours if you know RPN , and a couple of days if you do n't .
 I have been looking for a replacement for my HP15c -LRB- Best calculator ever made ! -RRB- . I have searched ebay for over a year and came to the conclusion I did not want to pay $ 200 + for a replacement . I also bought a 32sII RPN ... great RPN also ... but of course ... they discontinued that one ... so again to buy on ebay was big $ $ $ . I finally found the hp 33s . I am glad to find a calculator for under $ 50 that does RPN . It meets my need for standard engineering calculations . Does not feel cheap . Buttons of good quality . But still miss my 15c ! Liked the HP 33s so much , I am going to order a second one ... . since they will probably discontinue ... and the price will go up again . I have not ventured into the graphing calculators ... do n't need that level of calculations . My son has one and loves it . Some day I will pay $ 100 + and give it a try ... . But it is not RPN !!!! So for those from the early 80 's who loved the HP15C ... give this one a try ... it is worth it !
 I 'm a long-time user of HP RPN calculators and have been lusting for a new non-graphing scientific model for some years . I avoided this one initially because of all the bad reviews about defective keys and the goofy v-shaped keyboard layout , but finally got one several months ago -LRB- March 2006 -RRB- . Quality-wise , the only problem I 've experienced is the calculator wo n't lay flat on my desk - the feet are uneven or the case is slightly warped , so it wobbles and clunks when I hit the keys . Other than this annoyance , it works fine . I 've had no problems with keys not registering properly -LRB- in sharp contrast to the lousy HP 10B2 I bought and returned awhile back -RRB- or with the decimal point being too small . It works reliably and the CPU is very fast.Feature-wise , this is just a rebadged 32Sii with the addition of a few minor features , like more memory and constants , which are quite nice . However , being based on the 32sii , it has two severe drawbacks
 I have been using this calculator for 6 months now and I have experienced none of the problems mentioned in some reviews . It is true that decimal point is not as distinguished as it should be . However in practice you can always read the display correctly . Looking at the display now from all angles I find it readable from even the most extreme angles with the ceiling light reflecting off of the screen.This is an excellent scientific calculator and is much more capable than the TI scientific calculators like the 30XII solar or other 2 line display scientific calculators . It is equal or better in my oppinion to the TI 83 with the exception that it lacks graphing capability . It is also more efficient to use than the 83 . On the 83 almost all common math functions are buried in menus . For instance to use the factorial function on the 83 you must hit the MATH button scroll over the PBR menu and scroll down to the ! . On the 33s the factorial function is only 2 button presses away . First press green left arrow , and then the 1/x button to which the factorial function is the `` green '' or `` left '' function . Very , very few functions are hidden in menus , and when they are the menu 's are short not long and never scrolling . This makes the calculator a snap to use.However it is the feature set that really puts this calculator out of the league of calculators like TI 30XIIs or other similarly styled calculators . For instance the 33s is programmable , has a very very useful equation solver , and a long list of built in physical constants ranging for the speed of light to the rest mass of an electron . It also has built in conversion functions to make coverting pounds to kilograms or rectagular cordinates to polar cordinates quick and pain free . -LRB- note although i have not actually used it the Sharp EL-506WBBK might be nice all though it does n't have an RPN entry mode , you ca n't beat the price however -RRB- Perhaps most importantly it has the much sought after Reverse Polish Notation entry mode -LRB- RPN mode -RRB- . This entry mode quantitatively reduces the number of key strokes it takes to enter in a complex calculation . If you are uncomfortable using RPN mode -LRB- like my father -RRB- it also has an algebraic entry mode.This calculator is a while not quite a `` deal '' is cheaper than the TI 83 if you do n't need graphing but want advanced features this is your calculator .
 I purchased this calculator to replace my HP 49G + which is basically useless for quick calculations thanks to its keyboard -LRB- which should come with a hammer to operate -RRB- . I give the HP 33s 4 out of 5 only because of the issue with the decimal point that others already pointed out . Besides this issue I actually like it . Quick to learn and it does what it is suppose to.What I like : Nice case , good looking calculator.Keyboard works without having to watch the LCD.Easy to use and program.OK Manual -LRB- at least it is printed -RRB- . What I do n't like : Decimal point size is a joke.It is a good value overall , but when you are looking to replace your 32SII be prepared to be disappointed . HP does not make calculators anymore the way they used to . Today 's 33s feels like a calculator you will trash once it runs out of batteries but not like something you want to put your name on so you do n't lose it . It is the only working RPN calculator on the market or the 4 out of 5 may drop quickly . I can only hope HP wakes up and produces a good calculator again soon .
 I 've been using the Reverse polish logic calculators for 25 years and everytime one `` dies '' I panic because they usually cost over $ 200 . This one is just GREAT ! Inexpensive and has all the features , whistles and bells any scientist could ask for ! Highly recommended
 I have owned many HP calculators . This 33S is just as good as all the rest . It will replace my old 42S which I have had for 11 years . I have loved every HP I have ever owned and this one is up to my expectations and is very good .
 This is a great Calculator , but if you buy it directly from HP you can get it for $ 36 Bucks .
 I bought this calculator for less than got for my BROKEN HP 32SII on ebay ! It is just like the 32SII with some new features and buttons . It also looks cool - although the 32SII looked cool too in a 1990 type of way . As far as I know it is the only RPN calculator you can buy -LRB- not counting those dorky graphing models -RRB- . Using this calculator just makes you feel good .
 I have no idea why Amazon is trying to sell AAA batteries as an accessory for this calculator , it takes 2 CR2032 -LRB- like motherboard CMOS batteries -RRB- instead .
 I have been using this calculator at work for over 5 years , and just bought one for home use . I use it for engineering calculations and love the RPN . I wish HP would make more RPN models , it is so much quicker and reliable for complicated calculations .
 Having gone through three TI scientific calculators as well as 2 TI graphing calculators over the course of middle school through college , it was an interesting shift to try out this HP . My motivation was the all the praise that I had read about RPN , coupled with the large amount of calculations I need to perform as an engineering major.I agree with several other reviewers on the its great build quality , but unappealing V-shaped layout . A more structured rectangular key layout would 've been much cleaner . Some reviewers claim that at times one would press a key and it would n't register properly -- I have not really had this issue , and compared to the TI general purpose scientific calculators , I find the keys much more solid . As for the decimal point , I really do n't think it 's that bad ... From a college student 's perspective , I would recommend anyone willing to explore RPN to purchase this early on -LRB- preferably during winter or summer break -RRB- in order to get used to the RPN system . While it boasts a dual-capability of RPN and Algebraic , the layout is clearly designed for RPN usage -- even the parenthesis keys -LRB- which RPN takes away the need for -RRB- are located in a shift-key rather than a direct keystroke . Plus , the calculator overall is not incredibly intuitive.I 've begun going through the manual -LRB- which is about 3/4 of an inch thick -RRB- and there is a wealth of features which one could take advantage of , but would need to take time to learn initially.All in all , this is clearly a serious calculator . Design issues , potential decimal point viewing problems , and learning curves aside , I agree with many that this just may be one of the most functional scientific calculators available today .
 This is my first scientific calculator . I chose this one because it is the only RPN model allowed in the LSIT exam . I read all the reviews , and was prepared for the pros and cons . I have to say that since I have no baseline for comparison , and this is the one I 've imprinted on , that I 've been very happy with it . I do n't have any trouble with the comma/decimal size , and the keypad design does n't bother me since it 's the only one I know . I used it for doing `` cut sheets '' the first day I had it and found it to be very efficient and a big timesaver becasue of all its features . I have n't gotten into programming it yet , but those that I work with who also use this model say it has great capabilities . I give it 4 stars only because it does seem a little lightweight and I 'd worry about how durable it would be out in the field -LRB- I work in land surveying -RRB- . It might be tougher than it looks , but it just feels a tad delicate for the abuse a field calculator gets exposed to . Overall very happy with it so far !
 This calculator is excellent , and the only option I could find that still supported RPN . I have used RPN calculators for so long , I really do n't want to switch over to algebraic notation . The calculator is a good replacement for my long-serving but now dead HP.The only problem is that mine arrive with dead batteries , so I had to go out and spend $ 6 more for fresh batteries before I could use it . I suppose it must have been stored with pressure on one of the buttons that kept it turned on until the batteries died , because there were no other anomlies with the packaging .
 Excellent RPN Calculator . Good for Civil Engineering and Surveying applications where you need a non-programable calculator .
 The calculator is without any question a powerful device , packed with functions and possibilities . But , and that is the main argument for or against buying it , it is not designed to be used in algebraic mode , which means you input the formula like it is written on paper . This calculator with its keyboard layout is a Reversed Polish Notation calculator . If you love to play with numbers or already now RPN this is the device to buy . If you just search for a calculator with many functions and easy input buy a Sharp 506 -LRB- V -RRB- model or anything newer . -LRB- For example there are no keys for '' -LRB- '' and '' -RRB- '' , only as shift functions -LRB- because RPN does n't use brackets -RRB- .
 I needed a replacement for my 32SII and the 33S more than fit the bill . I have no trouble distinguishing the decimal as others complained and although the keys are slightly angled they are slightly larger and easy to get used to.The calculator has all the features of the 32SII plus additional memory , additional functions and a duel display . I use this calculator consistently for unit conversions and algebraic calculations and it 's faster than the 32SII I used for the last 12 years
 I 've used my hp 33s relentlessly in school for over 4 years for surveying comps , physics , geodesy , probability and even a proofs class -LRB- it has a remainder function -RRB- . It 's now on its third set of batteries . I have several other handheld calculators
 I picked up this calculator be cause it was on the FE approved calc . list.Worked great for the exam . solid little calculator , construction felt more solid then the TI-89s that i typically use . I could n't use the 89s on the FE exam , so i picked this up . it did a perfect job.The negative reviews about the size of the decimal point are only a problem if you are blind to begin with . The display is large , and i would rather have a small decimal point and more digits then a large decimal point and less digits .
 This is a great product for the casual user as well as the math freak . I 've had mine for over a year now . I have used HP calculators since the mid-70 's and most have been served me well.HP 33S Scientific Calculator -LRB- F2216A -RRB-
 I am engineering student in my senior year of undergrad . I bought this calculator for use on the EIT examination , and it is awesome . Definitely the best calculator that you could use on the exam . However , it takes a little getting used to , so if you are buying it just for the EIT/FE exam , make sure to pick it up a few weeks prior to the test . I was a texas instruments user prior to owning this calculator , so the HP verision of inputing both numbers and then the operator is a little tough at first , but you get the hang of it easily . Anyway , after getting use to operatiions on this calculator it is awesome and I wo n't be switching back to to my TI83 + for a while .
 I bought a HP33s a few months ago and find it to be a fairly nice calculator . I do n't have a problem with the chevron key layout . It very nicely puts x ^ 2 as a primary function . It is clearly meant for folks who punch lots of equations rather than someone who wants to program a calculator . Not sure who would program a calculator anymore anyway now that we have Excel , Mathcad , etc. on our computers.I find many of the required processes counterintuitive at first , but the manual is very well written.The keys are too hard for my tastes and slow me down . For one large equation , I could punch it in 22 sec . with my HP48 , but it took 29 sec . with the HP33s because the keys are so much harder . The key layout is better for punching equations through , so it would be screamin ' fast if not for the hard keys .
 This is a great engineering and advanced calculator for the hi-end user . It provides numerous features though that comes with a learning curve depending upon your experience with these types of calculators . There are several aids that help learn the tool , but there more supplemental training aids are needed.This is one of the only calculators that NEECS allows in the testing areas . Though it is still programmable , it does not have a way to load extensive programs . It is versatile and compact , something I really like.It uses RPN -LRB- used on the original HP-scientific calculator series that was so big when I was in school -RRB- . Through long use , this has always been my favorite entry technique , but it has an AOS mode for the engineer who is used to the more traditional calculator key-entry technique.The layout has changed from the older calculators , so it may take some time to adapt if you are used to the older layout.Also , this calculator has so many uses and applications that training and support is a must.First , there was a website off the product site that shows the layout and entry method . You can poke around an see whether you like this type of calculator.Then , when you get the calculator , there is a thick user manual that must be used when you first get started using this calculator . It shows exact usage of the functions , provides an overview for all the features , and even step-by-step instructions to help you understand and get started on a function . -LRB- This book is allowed in the testing room also -RRB- . Those who are users of the older HP-32 series may not have as much of a learning curve as us older guys . I have a friend who said that he had similiar challenges when learning his calculator . I do n't know how much the keypad layout changed between the 32 , but it really changed from my HP-41CV . I highly recommend this for people familiar with the HP-system , and who need these functions . It is simple enough to be used for day-to-day tasks , but since it is so complex and versatile , it is not something that I would select for my coffee-table work .
 Even though the HP 33S was n't developed by the famed HP Corvallis group -LRB- the ones responsible for the classic HP RPN calculators from the 70 's through the 90 's -RRB- , it is still a quality machine that is worthy of consideration by diehard HP fans . I 've been using various HP RPN calculators for over 20 years and I have been very pleased with the quality and features of the new HP 33S . PROS : HP smartly retained the famed RPN entry mode but also offers an algebraic entry mode depending on your preference . I recommend you learn the RPN method and never go back . However , in algebraic mode , the 33S does have very nice equation displays that are helpful visually . I 've actually been using both modes for various tasks and enjoy switching between them as needed.The calculator is built very well with excellent attention to detail , good crisp key clicks -LRB- similar to the older HP 's -RRB- , and a solid , modern style . It is by far one of the most solid calculators available today . The faceplate is brushed metal and the plastic body is nicely finished with tight seams . The rubber side grips are very functional . Overall , the appearance and feel of the calculator is high quality and it is pleasantly lightweight , as well . It may not have the heft of the older units like the 42S , but heavier is not always better . The 33S also includes an excellent User 's Manual -LRB- very similar to the old HP 32SII manual -RRB- and a very nice lined leather case . A remarkable value for $ 50 and by far the least expensive HP ever.While many HP purists have criticized the V-shaped key pattern and the ENTER key placed in the lower left of the pad , I 've found that after a few minutes working with the new layout it is totally practical and usable . I think the chevron layout is just as easy to use as the straight key rows found in older HPs . Also , while some traditional HP users do n't like the position of the ENTER key , I say that the new position allows quicker access to the numeric/operand keypad area since your hand does n't have to pass over -LRB- and hence cover -RRB- the keypad to hit ENTER during RPN calculations . I think both old and new HP layouts are effective with use and familiarity.CONS : The two-line LCD display is large and readable except for the small decimal points . I know that the first version of the 33S -LRB- sold during 2003 through early 2005 -RRB- had even smaller decimals/commas and this was a big complaint among users . Now , to HP 's credit , they finally did revise the display in early 2005 ; however , even in my second-generation 33S the somewhat larger decimal point is still pretty crowded when sandwiched between 2 's -LRB- as in 2.2 -RRB- . The only reason I did not give this calculator a 5-star rating is due to the smallish decimal point issue.OVERALL : This calculator is a good effort by HP to retain some market share for their RPN machines . Hopefully , this is not the last of them we 'll see from HP but only time will tell . The bottom line is that with the proliferation of sophisticated PC 's , PDA 's , and software , the handheld calculator has been mostly delegated to the classrooms of high school and college . Hence , the demand for inexpensive calculators for students -LRB- like this 33S -RRB- . However , any professional scientist or engineer -LRB- such as myself -RRB- always keeps a trusty calculator close-at-hand for quick work in the office or field . This HP 33S is a decent modernization of the classic -LRB- and much more expensive -RRB- calculators that made HP famous .
 Because it 's the only one available , unless you want to fork over $ 200 + on Ebay for a HP32SII -LRB- even used -RRB- . This calculator is essentially the 32SII in a different case a with a few minor additions . It has an algebraic mode as well as RPN , but the only reason you should buy this calculator at all is if you want to use RPN . In fact , if you do n't want to use RPN , you can stop reading now.The keyboard is ... interesting . I 'm not sure what HP was going for with the funky chevron ; I think it looks a bit funny , other people think it looks cool . Functionally , the keyboard works well . The plastic keys feel good , and though the non-uniform shape may be a little disorienting at first , I got used to it fairly quickly.It is programmable , but only in a very limited sense . The increased memory compared to the 32SII is not useful , because only 27 variables exist -LRB- A. . Z , i -RRB- with which to use it . Programming the 33S , like the 32SII , is more like assembly language than anything else , but the manual describes the process very well and gives many examples of what can be done with it . Also , it 's very difficult to keep more than one or two programs in memory because there are also only 27 available labels . If you want to make or use complicated programs , consider the HP48GX -LRB- also RPN -RRB- . It can perform definite integrations , and given an equation in one variable it can solve for it numerically . It does not do polynomial root finding or solutions of linear systems , though these functions can be programmed . It can handle complex -LRB- imaginary -RRB- math , but it reduces the 4 level stack to only 2 levels , and requires a few extra keystrokes . If you 're doing lots of complex math , again , the HP48GX is a better choice.It also comes with a very nice leather slip-on cover . It 's not as beefy as the hard plastic covers you see on most calculators these days , but it should protect the calculator against minor dings.The manual is very thorough with lots of explanations and examples of all the calculator 's capabilities.The bottom line is , buy this calculator if you want a small , simple , easy-to-use RPN scientific calculator . It 's particularly good for engineering . Minus one star for the programming limitations .
 I owned a similar model and used it often first for business and then after retirement for Income tax and other calculations primarily to figure the best price comparisons.Much faster than the original which was fast enough but why complain?Some people will complain about anything but I just appreciate a larger printing machine and this is definitely a 5 Star product !
 I already have one of these calculators at my office and I like it so much I 'm buying another to have at home . Reasonable price , runs on AC or batteries , nice big display , and many other features .
 Have not had it long but I definitely found the one to replace my old calculator . That was a Casio also but was years old and I could no longer get a new tape for it . The ability to have the paper roll stay in place is great . I 've explored others but the paper roll holder was an open ended spindle and the roll kept slipping off . This one gives the printed tapes to clip to my paper work without a hassle to hold the roll firmly in place . It is certainly more versatile in it 's performance too . Thank you .
 Attention Lefties , Southpaws , Left-handed folks ... if you are frustrated with the `` Righties '' as much as I am when it comes to things like these ; I strongly recommend this . I took me back into a time warp machine once I opened it and I began to laugh , only that it is now `` modernized '' . While my ex-husband had destroyed my beloved adding machine , same one , Casio of Professional Series , but it was decades old , still roaring strong until he had to destroy it.I must add , knowing how difficult it is for people like me , the shuffle-buffle with the tirades of frustration where `` brain freeze '' does not emphasis the issues ; for a quick test did I do , it was like I had my `` OLD MACHINE '' back ! HONEST!PROS
 This calculator has large , easy-to-see buttons , and a very clear display . It prints beautifully . If I were a bookkeeper or someone who used a multi-function calculator every day , it would probably be among the best out there for its size . However , as someone who uses a calculator primarily during tax time and occasionally to determine retail sales prices , shipping , etc. it is very confusing . The operating instructions are woefully inadequate and the letters and symbols are so small that I needed a magnifying glass to be sure I had the correct information . I love the fact that I can do multiple calculations separately and then combine them to get a final result , but it took me way too much time to figure out how to do just that because the instruction booklet assumes I 've used this kind of machine before . The simple multiple calculations illustrated in the instructions are easy enough to understand , but when I tried to apply what I thought they meant to my own combination of calculations , I had to figure things out for myself by trial and error .
 Thank you , the product arrived in time and I purchased enough of them to last me the next four-five years . They are excellant .
 I purchased this because my daughter had this exact same model and was very happy with it . I , too am very happy with it and glad I made the purchase .
 So far , I 'm very pleased with the scales . I received it promptly from Jeff Wong , the seller , and the instructions were clear and specific . I do n't know how it will perform over the long haul , but the downloading of the current rates went exactly as specified in the instructions , and I simply played solitaire while it was going on .
 The scale itself is a great unit , and quite acurate . Also it is very functional . The unit is currently to ship internet placed orders . Overall this is a good piece , but the support from Royal leaves alot to be desired .
 This scale is simple to use - almost intuitive . Download is smooth and operation has been flawless .
 Folks , I 'm only reviewing this because of the problems people are complaining about with the computer interface . This is used for downloading the latest rates to you scales . It could n't be any easier if you read the instructions.Here is the trick ... you MUST ... I mean ABSOLUTELY MUST have the scale plugged into the wall on the AC adapter and have batteries installed or it will NEVER work.The next trick is that it takes just a few seconds to download the rates to your computer and then you will need to download -LRB- normally this would be called upload -RRB- them to your scales.This is the next TRICK . It takes minutes to download to your scales . Just leave it alone , ignore it and go watch TV for a while until it finishes.It works EVERY SINGLE TIME ... if you follow those two bits of advice , i.e. , battery and AC power , then when downloading to scale expect it to take minutes ... at least 10 minutes .
 I 'll tell ya ' folks , I was n't sure if this product was going to be good or not , from the reviews above ... so I bought it anyway and got it the next day , which was a pleasant surprise . There was no need for customer support . This was easier to set up than a bowl of cereal . If you follow the directions to the letter , then you should n't have a problem . It helps if you read them through first to familiarize yourself with the steps . It has a lot of great features whether your computer is on or not . In other words , it 's only dependent on your computer for downloading the rates , which takes very little time if you have a P4 -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- with 1.3 Mhz or better . The whole set up took about 10-15 minutes with download and updating . For a more accurate weighing , I recommend using the pound & ounce function -LRB- e.g. 2lbs 12.6 oz -RRB- . This makes things a lot easier than getting quotes over the phone or online from 4 different mailing services . The extra features like insurance , etc are real nice additions for more accurate pricing . I highly recommend this scale that sends a lot of small to medium weight packages . Oh , one more thing ... if you 're business depends on weight to the 1/1000 of a gram or ounce or whatever , then do n't buy a scale used for mailing packages . Get a chemistry or food scale with pinpoint accuracy . You might pay more , but you 'll make it back in your profit margining . Good luck all and happy buying !!!
 lawsouth from Birmingham , AL is somewhat right . I experienced the failed updater but I chalked that up to just poor software . Instead , I went directly to the Royal site , downloaded and installed the NEW version in a different directory , and all worked great . It updated rate info and pushed it to the scale . What an awesome unit for less than a hundred bucks !
 Instruction manual is straightforward . Easy to connect to Royal 's internet site . Using a 56k dialup service , download took around 30 minutes . Pros
 I have a few sets of Pomegranate note cards and had a box of these but used them all up . This is a great price . I like their quality and the color saturation in the images . I often buy their postcard books too . These would make nice stocking stuffers for an art student or just somebody who likes to write to people .
 This scale is great for small business shipping needs as well as kitchen use . The scale is capable of measuring up to ten pounds as well as very small items to 2 grams in weight . It is very user friendly and compact for any desk . The fold out feature for large envelopes is a plus , and oversized packages are easily weighed with the hold button . Even the batteries are included , and no cords required makes this a even greater bonus for the small office . I have enjoyed this scale since day one . I no longer need to guess for priority mail or first class when quoting shipping rates ...
 I was looking for a scale to weigh boxes approximately a foot square . This does do that , it appears accurately , though the weigh surface area is only 4.5 '' x 5.5 '' . You have to carefully center your box for the most accurate result . The `` Tare '' feature is a necessity for larger items . I 'm very glad I bought a scale that is battery operated . The batteries last a long time , as there 's no power drain when not in use - and I 'd hate the inconvenience of having to plug the thing in all the time.The rate charts that fit under the scales plexiglass cover are available only on Royal 's website , so you have to print them yourself and cut them out . It 's white lettering on a black background , and not easy to see.I do recommend this product for it 's convenience .
 great little scale.not good for large packages -LRB- you ca n't read the weight because the large package covers the weight display -RRB-
 Powerful program ; easy to use ; manual on CD ; printable . Do n't let the low price put you off .
 I bought this phone because of the built-in caller ID on the handset and have not been disappointed . The display is clear and easy to read in bright light or in the dark . I also like the separate indicator lights for calls and voice mail . I have found the range to be very good . I can take the phone downstairs into the garage and still get a clear signal .
 I really like this phone except for one thing . When I 'm on the phone and someone calls the Caller ID / Call Waiting feature only works half the time . I called tech support and followed their instructions and it did n't help . I exchanged the phone for another one and still no luck . I really like the phone if only that feature worked because that is the most important feature to me .
 what better than to have caller id on the handset of a corless phone . I used to always have to be near the caller id box if I wanted to see who was calling -- no more . The only part I dislike is not being able to scroll through the caller id list when the phone in on the headset .
 This is my second panasonic phone . I love both of them , one is kx-tc1520b and this one kx-tc1700b . Both are excelent and have long battery life . It is a very clear phone when talking and has long range when away from base unit .
 If the handset is located away from the base , it has to be searched for . Many times , due to disabilities , people are forced to answer the phone after the recording comes on or will actually miss speaking to the caller due to wasted time searching for the handset . A speaker phone would eliminate this problem .
 This phone works very well and was easy to set up . We have two on our second floor . Both work off of the same phone book and phone connection . Sound and quality are excellent .
 Functions well . Phone book setup is straightforward but arduous . Good value portable phone .
 The phone worked well with my existing phones system -LRB- also from Motorola , and the same model -RRB- . The second set was more expensive than the first set , but I had no choice , as a Uniden phone was not compatible with the Motorola system , and had to be returned .
 Received 4 of these today and I like them so much I am ordering more ! They are functional and attractive , stack easily and each section will hold a full ream of paper . Incidentally , they arrived packed very carefully and in perfect condition .
 We are a small office and have had a number of `` In-box '' trays . Unfortunately i am a bit OCD so every time I had a tray that was n't perfectly straight or sturdy I would throw it away and go looking for another . Finally we ordered one of these and now 1/2 of our office has them . Very sturdy and easy to assemble . The only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 is because if you push down on the front of any of the trays the whole thing dips forward just a little bit . Not enough for things to fall out and not as bad as the other tray holders we have tried but if that was solid then I would have said 5 out of 5 .
 This is currently being used on my desk at work ! I love the silver mesh because no matter how many times my students lean on it by accident , it never breaks . Looks great and holds a lot of folders and such .
 Do n't throw out your current digital conferencing phone yet!The Konexx Konference is not a connection between the phone jack in your wall and your analog conference phone -LRB- i.e. your Polycom -RRB- . In fact , there are very clear instructions upon opening
 We connected this between an ancient Lucent phone in our conference room and a slightly less ancient Polycom Soundpoint using the 3rd switch setting , and it works perfectly . Call clarity and volume are both excellent .
 This Konexx Konference adapter works wonderfully . I had been told by polycom that there was no adapter that would work for changing a PBX phone to analog , but this one worked perfectly . Our phone conferencing system works now . Thanks !
 This product has worked fine for our application . We have had no volume trouble either in hearing the other people or the in them hearing us . It is a bit cumbersome in how you have to dial with one phone and then connect to the speakerphone . Once you get past that step , everything works fine .
 We have an all digital phone system and some numbscull ordered a conference unit which only worked on analog phone systems . Well after a few minutes of setup it worked , but just as a speaker extension and better mic for our current phone systems .
 A bit pricey but wound up saving us the cost of running a analog log because of our digital phone system .
 The phone does as described . Its nothing special , but is good to have just in case something happens to the cell phone . The caller id works fine and the volume is okay on the phone .
 It 's a good phone , works well . I like the Caller ID & Function buttons being a different color than from the rest of the phone , makes them easier to see & use . It has good sound & a ring tone that does n't jangle the nerves.The only problem I had with it is that the cord goes directly into the phone & one must use the cord that the phone comes with , rather than one already in use . I purchased an adapter so that I could plug it into an extension phone cord because we needed to put it some distance from the wall jack . Not a big deal in my book but one I did n't learn about until I got the phone.Overall I am pleased with it .
 I have tried several slimline corded phones but so far this seems to be the best yet . It has good sound , easy functions and a great ringer .
 This is a perfect phone for my needs . I can make it silent if I do n't want to be disturbed , I can set the volume for the conversation and I even have a caller id for a very small price .
 This phone is perfect for our extra phone in case of power outage . It is also a good phone to leave in the family room for teenagers because no one can walk away with it ! It has good sound , etc. .
 The caller ID works as expected . The list of incoming calls is a nice feature which was unexpected .
 I needed a newer corded telephone . I happened to be at my local Best Buy one day , and decided to give this one a try . I LOVED IT ! It 's now replaced by a new AT&T Cordless Telephone , but it served me well for awhile ! I have the older GE Slim Line Deluxe in my garage , and I LOVE IT ! I would recommend it ! They still sell it !
 I am happy with this phone . I love the caller ID feature in plain sight when the phone rings . Phone works well , ringer is great , and when you talk on it , it is very clear . One thing to note , the cord is NOT interchangeable . It is an older type connection without the clip to change the cord . It is stylish and hangs well on the wall .
 Great price , great phone . Works fine . Easy to program and use .
 I am happy with this phone . I purchased it because we needed a phone next to the toilet in our master bath . It serves it 's purpose very well and looks nice on the wall . It is not a phone that is going to get much use in our home . Two downfalls of this phone are that it 's screen does not light up so sometimes it is difficult to see who is calling . Secondly , it does not have call waiting caller id so you can not tell who is calling you when you are on the phone . It really depends on how you are planning to use this phone . For our needs , it is fine .
 This is an excellent phone for the price . It does not require a power supply , thereby saving the electric power needed to keep that going . It works even if there is a power outage in the house . It has many very helpful features . The downside is that it will lose the programmed numbers if there is a power outage in the house .
 Item is as advertised . It is a spare phone for us in the bedroom . It could use a lighted dial but for the price it is fine .
 I recently bought this phone -LRB- my previous corded phone broke after I dropped it one too many times -RRB- . I am happy to report that this telephone by GE actually works very well despite it being so low priced -- you really get value for your money here if you want a regular corded phone . In general , the construction of this telephone reflects solid engineering . Yes , I know ; it is corded ; but when all you really need is a basic phone this really does the job . Besides , the fact that this is corded means you 'll never misplace the cordless handset!In addition , the phone offers well known features including `` last number redial , '' and there 's a ten number memory setup that you can program so you do n't have to bother dialing numbers you call often . It also lets you switch between touch tone and pulse -LRB- rotary -RRB- dialing . I use touch tone dialing as most people do . However , as another reviewer correctly notes , if there is a power failure you will have to re-program those ten memory dial numbers . Although the phone takes up little space , it can be mounted on a wall if you wish ; the instructions are easy enough.I highly recommend this telephone for people who merely want a basic , inexpensive phone that still has a couple of `` frills '' to enjoy like memory speed dialing and a `` one-touch redial '' feature . Sure , there could be another feature or two but overall this is still quite a good phone for the price . I recommend it if you 're looking for an inexpensive corded phone .
 Well , if you 're gon na call ` your best girl ' , and u have one of these nice General Electric/American telephones handy , gosh , we all know , u could never have had it better . You are sure to , win friends , many for sure , w / a dandy little phone like our GE model here . It 's handy to use & program , and it 's far much sturdier than the ATT phone -LRB- Model 210 , i think . -RRB- This phone is not expensive , and is for sure , highly recommended . A + . Go out & get yourself one now , lick-udy-split . Oh , btw , i must add that my phone , by GE/Thompson Co. , the handset does not plug into the phone-base . The handset has a phone line , that runs straight from the handset , to the wall plugin . The handset just sits on the base , which i rather like . The phone is , then , rather mobile , as u can wander around , w / the length of the phone line , and not limited by the handset-to-base phone line length , which is usually rather short . Again , recommended A + .
 There are very few wired two line telephones left on the market.We like this one for the following reasons : - Large , easty to see buttons.-Easy to read display with brightness adjustment.-Volume and ring tone for each line programed separately.-Ringer can be turned off completely for either or both lines.-Eight `` one button '' memory slots ; eight `` two button '' memory slots.-Incoming call beep tone can be turned off.-Other features include speaker , conference , redial and mute.-Headset capable.There is no battery backup so , if power is lost
 Pros
 I was very pleased with the simplicity in actually using the phone . i bought it for older friends who are intimidated by electronics -LRB- still had rotary phone -RRB- and it was so simple they lost their fear and used it that night . i didnt get into to many other features . it does not require batteries , it plugs in to show LCD screen . very happy with purchase
 This phone does n't have Caller ID display at all ; there is a misleading user review in that respect
 Well , I have bought and returned a few phones for my bedroom . And I have read many of the reviews on many phones . Here is the scoop . The phone base is weighted somewhat and just right for me . I had bought a cheap , very lightweight $ 8.00 Walmart phone and every time I picked it up , the phone went flying off the nightstand and crashing to the floor . The handset on this is also slightly weighted and very comfortable . You can not read the caller ID at night because it is not backlit . But from what I am finding -LRB- look up bedroom phones -RRB- , the ones that are backlit are way to bright to sleep through and much more expensive . I have a Uniden cordless phone in my kitchen that only lights up the display when a call comes in or when I pick up the phone to make a call . I have not been able to find that in a corded phone . I needed a corded phone because we lose our power often . I have an LL Bean tiny wind-up flashlight that requires no batteries . I am considering keeping mine by this phone in the bedroom for when I get a call after dark . It is also handy for when the power goes out in the middle of the night . I would say this phone is a good buy for the money . The sound quality is very good also . I had a cordless phone in the bedroom and the sound quality was very poor . This one is definitely worth the money in my book . -LRB- Fyi , Amazon sells Wind 'N Go flashlights that are larger than the LL Bean mini that I also own and they are great -RRB- .
 Very good buy.Recomend this phone for people who do not have a corded phone.It will still work when electric goes out .
 From the picture on the box , I thought this was a `` traditional '' slimline phone where you run the base cord from the wall jack into the base then the handset cord runs from the base to the handset . Instead , the base cord and handset cord is all one unit , which is not what I was looking for . The `` base '' cord only has 2 pairs , which I realize is what most people need if they only have one line in their house . I use this type of phone to test analog lines at my business , so I often need a 4 pair cord .
 I ordered this phone for elderly friend who needs a corded phone when lights go out.Thank for prompt delivery .
 I love this little GE phone . It works great . Well built , you can even step on it by accident / no problem . I gave mine 2 my mom . Recommended , A + + .
 If you invest in such a MontBlanc product , then expect to use it often ; similarly , if you take common sense care of it , it shall be an enjoyable instrument in your possession . It is n't cheap nor is it terribly expensive , but just right , try it out at least once . I am not saying
 I currently own and utilize the black , red , and green Cardinal BasicValue 5/8 inch , three-ring binders . I really like them and the colors make them stand out from others I own . They are a bit smaller than binders most of us are accustomed to ... and that 's one of the things I like . They feel very comfortable to handle and easily hold all the paperwork I need to store inside them . The coarse finish on the binder cover has not been overdone
 This binder arrived on time and was exactly how it looks in the picture . Nice color . Sturdy . Fits purpose for which I bought it .
 I love Expo dry erase markers . A lot of dry erase markers smell or leave `` ghosting '' after you try to clean them off the dry erase board . Expo markers are great and easily clean off for me . Even if I leave the writing on the dry erase board for 2-3 weeks it comes off without much effort . I also use the dry erase spray cleaner once in a while and it takes off anything else . I also really like the color selection that Expo offers .
 Very pleased with quality of stock and vivid colors . Will buy from this supplier again .
 HONEYWELL ... quality . I have owned many such devices over the years . Range , you cant beat it . Easy to install . Flawless work with all of my laptops or PC 's . for simple forward and backward movement of a slide on a screen , you cant beat this one !
 These negative reviews claiming that the box ca n't be opened after resetting the combination , are bogus . Mine works perfectly . Follow the arrow in the reset instructions , not the arrow sticker on the latch button . The arrow sticker on the latch button shows the direction to open the latch . This Lock Box is well built , the lock and latch work perfectly and will keep the contents secure in a secure environment .
 I just got the box from CVS store . For $ 21 , it 's a little ... steep ... but I keep over $ 500 inside the box -LRB- I 'm working a summer job and trying to raise cash to buy a car -RRB- and no problem -LRB- s -RRB- yet . The box smells good , it 's small , hard , cool looking , easy to set the code , it just really good if you want to store money . All in all , I like it . Maybe the 1 stars reviewers just got a bad box .
 Not too much I can say about this . It is a good size , made well , and looks stylish . If your looking for a cash box this is a great option . I use it when we have yard sales . It does the job .
 I have two of these cash boxes and have had no problems with setting the combinations and using them later . I do find that you have to roll the number wheels down , if you miss a number , keep going around , do not back up . Going up does seem to jam.We use them in a group situation , and I 'll I need to do is tell the group what the combination is . No Lost Keys ! No Finding the Person who has the Key!When we are not in an Open Situation , and can keep the box unlocked , it nicely latches and unlatches . And you can lift it latched without locking it -LRB- spinning the combination -RRB- . The number and style of places to put coins and bills is nice as well ; making change is easy . It has become my Go To Cash Box . The fact that it has a nifty steampunk look is a plus.Yes , the cable in the picture is a lie , but there is a slot for one of those cable locks if you need it.The only reason it got 4 stars , is that I 've noticed at the store that the blocks that hold up the coin tray can break off . I make sure when I get them that they are in good condition , but if you do buy this at a store , make sure the coin tray supports are in good shape ! And that someone has n't mucked with the combination lock.And if you want a High Security Cash Box , go spend twice as much money . This is n't that cash box.PS How was it not factory set to 0-0-0 ? Every box I 've gotten had a zip tie tying it to 0-0-0 when I got it . You cut the zip tie , and reset the combination .
 got what i wanted it got here on time it is a really big binder if that is what you want get it
 It is a three ring binder.The rings meet.They open and close in alignment , It is as I expected .
 Needed a large binder for nursing school , shocked at the price of around $ 34.00 in the stores . I purchased 2 binders and I am very happy with the product . I will be purchasing two more
 This is simply a good product , decent quality and a fraction of the price of similar products at a store . I found very similar in a regular store for $ 32 each . I needed 2 . I purchased 2 for a little over $ 10 each . What more could I ask for .
 I am a freelance desktop publisher and I needed a good paper cutter for the occasional project that I do not send to a commercial printer . This paper cutter fits the bill quite nicely . Sturdily constructed . Cuts accurately . Definitely recommend .
 Product ordered for a church workroom . As more minors began doing projects for their ministries , we wanted them to have a safer option than a hatchet style cutter.Positives . . Less likely chance of injury through carelessnessCuts through more paper than previous paper cutterHolds the paper in place for the person doing the cuttingNegative . . Difficult at first to determine preciously where the trimmer will cut the paperOther . . As of yet , I have not had to do any maintenance on the trimmer , such as changing the blades , so I can not comment on the ease/difficulty of maintenance .
 After trying to order this cutter from several office supply stores stores , all of which were out of stock , I went to Amazon and placed my order . The cutter was here in three days and the quality was excellant . I do not know why I wasted my time with the other sources , Amazon always comes through with dependability , quality and quick service .
 I 'm a medical student so I use TONS of clear front white binders to organize my material . This was an affordable , practical , and durable purchase . In 3 months of use -LRB- carrying them to and from school daily -RRB- ... it 's held up well . No complaints .
 I have been using this calculator for a while and it works well . That being said , the cover snapped off at the hinges -LRB- I carry it in my purse -RRB- . That does n't bother me too much but if you are concerned about that , treat it very carefully .
 This calculator does the basics . The key pad is large enough . It 's great for a grandmother who is not into all of the latest electronic gadgets that automatically come with some type of calculator , or can be easily downloaded .
 Thanks to Amazon I found this handy pocket calculator with a hard cover , Not easy to find anymore . I 've been lookingat all the local stores with no luck .
 I am not going to be critical with anything that 's five bucks . This is a fabulous , easy to use , compact but not too small , solar powered basic calculator that also has a cover . Even my toddler loves to tinker with this and we all know how rough kids can be with things ... so far , it 's held up great ! I also love the large display feature . You need to have one of these at home for quick calculations !
 For $ 3.98 you ca n't beat the price . It 's small , with a cover and fits easily in your purse or pocket . I bought it to keep in my desk drawer after my previous `` freebie '' calculator died .
 For an inexpensive calculator to carry at work this is PERFECT ! The cover enhances durability greatly . It 's simple and to the point and cheap enough to be virtually disposable .
 When my daughter and five-year-old grandson Tai were here for Thanksgiving , Tai wanted to play with my handheld calculator . It kept him entranced for hours . So for Christmas I decided to get him his own calculator . It did n't get to his house in the British Virgin Islands until a few days after Christmas , but that 's ok . He loves it ! Immediately his mom had to explain what all the buttons were for , then he played with it for a long time , finally putting it in his shirt pocket and protecting it with his hand . My daughter sent pictures . It will evolve from a toy to a valuable learning tool .
 If you want a basic calculator with a cover , this is what you want . Not as compact as Aurora HC 100X , but the keypad is a little bit more comfortable .
 This small calculator works just fine . The buttons are soft and responding.Good value for money .
 This small size Sharp Pocket Calculator for it 's size performs like a giant . Manipulating the keys is done easily and the projected numeral figures on the calculator screen are large and sharp to read . I can carry the calculator in my shirt pocket . I would recommend this calculator to anyone who needs a small , pocket , hand held , calculator for basic math calculations , for everyday , life style , occurrences . This calculator does a man size job , anywheres , for the quality and price while going about your daily activities .
 My son uses this at school . It is heavier weight -LRB- better quality -RRB- than most , and has lasted nine months . More than I can say for anything else he takes to school !
 I had to have this for clinicals and classes , it 's perfect . Fits right into the pocket on your scrubs without interfering with everyhing else a nurse has to manage ! The only complaint is with Amazon ... I paid extra for shipping and it took 2 weeks to get even though they said it was in stock .
 It works fine and is easy to carry in a purse . It does n't take up any room .
 Decent little calculater for basic needs . Inexpensive and shipped free whith some other items I had ordered .
 For the price I think this is a good calculator that has a large screen , decent size buttons , and can fit into your shirt pocket with ease . The cover snaps closed quite securely .
 I love this Sharp calculator . . I had a cheap one that lost half its display so I looked on Amazon to find something small , reasonabley price and there it was ... Simple with a solar window and sharp 8 digit display . Bonus was the hard cover so I can put it in my purse to take it to the store . Nice . Thanks Amazon .
 I bought 4 of these calculators so I can keep one handy on every floor of the house and in the garage . It is n't a fancy calculator , but it adds , subtracts , divides and multiplies faster than I can do it in my head . I 'm sure it has some additional functions that I 'm not using , but not many . Anyway , the price is right !
 The best thing about this calculator is that it 's got a cover that latches . No , it does n't lock , but that little hard-plastic door closes over the keypad , so when I toss it into my briefcase and head out , I do n't have to worry about damage to the keypad , or the thing being turned on and staying on as a stray pen or something just keeps pushing its buttons . The main power source is light , but it 's got a simple battery backup , the batteries being accessible when you pull two small philips-head screws from the back of the case.This thing is small and mobile , and is perfect for my mobile business needs . I 'm not going to be plotting spacecraft trajectories or formulating amino acid degradations today , so I do n't need anything more than the basic arithmetic functions it offers -LRB- as well as % , square root and basic memory functions -RRB- . The buttons are just the right size , not so big that I feel like this thing is a learning toy for a 2 year old , or has been made for the myopic over-70 set . The buttons are big enough that I can quickly tap out my work without mashing down multiple buttons.To conclude , if you want a small calc you can tote with you and that will not let you down by running out of power , this is the one . If you 're after a reliable little machine to crank out your daily checkbook totals or to tally up the pro-rating on your timesheet entries , then this is the one you want . Recommend .
 If you want a VERY BASIC , SMALL calculator that only adds , subtracts , divides , and multiplies , and has a memory , square root key , plus/minus key , and percent key , this is the one to get . Most important is that it has a CE -LRB- `` Clear Entry '' -RRB- key
 My old calculator bit the dust and I needed a new one for balancing my checkbook . I purchased this one solely on other customer 's reviews . It does an excellent job of calculating . It 's not as comfortable in my hand as my old one , but I can always lay it on the desk while using it . I 'm very satisfied for the amount of money I paid .
 It 's a good calculator for a good price . The cover protects the keys and folds flat to the back when open , so it 's out of the way . It has all the basic features and it 's small . Just what I was looking for .
 I purchased this calculator for use on my financial accounting exams in college . They require this specific calculator for use on the exams so everyone is on a `` level playing field '' so to speak . That being said , it must be good , right ? From what I can tell , it is a good calculator . Nothing fancy though . If you want a small , easy to read/use , basic calculator this one is a good choice .
 I needed a lightweight calculator to compare prices of different packaged items where no price per ___ is displayed.For the price , it seems pretty good and with the cover , I 'm hoping it will protect it while in my purse from getting damaged ... but then I 've only used it a few times , we shall see what happens when the battery runs out ... am hoping that when I use it in the store , the flurorescent lighting is mimicking sunlight and the solar part is kicking in .
 This calculator is perfect for my needs . It 's got easy to read numbers on the screen . Numbers are good size for the fingers . Small , light enough to fit in a purse and has a hinged hard plastic cover to protect the key pad.Price was great too .
 This is a very good little Calculator and it 's Hard Shell really helps to protect it . I really enjoy mine .
 Need a calculator that fits snugly into the palm of your hand ? This is one . The LCD display clearly shows the numbers in most lighting . The rubberized keys make for non-slipping of data entry . This device easily fits into a pocket .
 Never had a problem with any item made by Sharp . Great products through and through . This calculator works well and was a good price . It fits my needs but limited calculations since it 's small in size .
 Great simple and standard calculator . Very satisfied ! Does what I need it to do in terms of simple calculations -LRB- add/divide/subtract / multiply etc
 Twin powered , small and rugged . 4 function so it is nothing fancy . It does what I want it to do . Will buy again
 This calculator works well and was a good price . It fits my needs well and is perfect for limited calculations since it 's small in size .
 Never had a problem with any item manufactured by Sharp . Great products through and through . Should last a lifetime , however it now belongs to my son so ...
 I just bought this for personal use for around the house . I love the way the buttons feel and how easy it is to use !
 Nice useful calculator . Not as nice as the Casio SL-300 Wallet Style Pocket Calculator , which I really like , it is great just the same . It has a hard case that protects the calculator from regular use or putting in one 's pocket or briefcase . It goes off when you close the case . It is a good size to use on the go or on your desk . Looking for a handy durable calculator , I think this will fit the tbill . More so , the Casio SL-300 Wallet Style Pocket Calculator will be even better . See my other review .
 I bought this calculator for use at home with balancing the check book . It is a good product , I like the cover that goes over the keypad .
 It does exactly what you would expect and it is pretty durable . No complaints , if you just need a standard low functioning calculator this one will do .
 very small . but it does have a nice cover to protect the keys . opens like a book . but i wished it was larger . carl
 Perfect for what I was looking for . I wanted something I could put in my purse and use at restaurants , etc. and something that was n't heavy and would take up a lot of room , and this is it .
 I really like this little calculator and it is great to carry in my purse . I had a different brand calculator with a protective cover/shell that finally broke , so I needed to find a replacement . And unlike the other one , this time , I wanted one with a CE key and also a cover that flips all the way around to the back . And this little Sharp EL243SB has both .1 . I like the fact that this is both solar and battery . In the low light , it changes over to battery for uninterrupted functioning and a consistent bright , clear display .2 . I also really like that the cover on this snaps shut and stays closed until I open it again .3 . I also like the small size as it makes it easy to tuck into a small space . Yet the sizes of the keys are adequate , although I do sometimes hit the wrong key .4 . I use this calculator for simply math , such as balancing a checkbook , so the features of this product work well for what I need it for.Note that there is no power on/off key , which may bother some folks . Closing the cover eventually turns off the calculator automatically . And also as a right handed person , one tiny minor preference is that the lid be hinged on the left so it would open from right to left , instead of the other way around . However since this cover hinge allows flipping the lid all the way to the back of the calculator , then that is a minor thing.But all in all , am very happy with this and will buy a couple of extras to have on hand .
 Yea , it 's all mine , because they wo n't let you use your toes in the grocery store . ha-ha Run great , got shipped here on time , no problem what so ever . A 1plus for you .
 I purchased this for myself so I do n't overspend when grocery shopping or any shopping for that matter . After I received it , it thought this would make a great 5-10 $ gift . It 's so practical . The lid can get in the way , just put a gumband around it along with a pen and small note pad and your set .
 I purchased this calculator because it has solar , as a gift for my sponsored child in Africa . xxx xxxx xxxxx
 My wifes other calculator was solar powered and inside lights were not enough to see the display without doing all sorts of tricks . This one works as long as ther is any light . It stopped her from complaining about at least one thing and was less than $ 5.00 what a bargin . Wish I could find other complant stoppers at this price .
 sy for me to read and easy to operate . i like the dual charge optionxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxx
 Gift for college instructor . He reports that this portfolio is most useful for teaching and contains what he needs in one package . I highly recommend product !
 these items were given out to some management people at work . they came in record time and were very well liked by all .
 This has enabled me to be organized a lot better . The quality of leather issoft and attractive . I can keep all my current projects together in this binder and thecalculator is an added plus .
 To anyone who saw my review of this model or a different one , I am sorry for what I said . The truth is that you MUST calibrate your printer first , and then do labels , other wise it will always be off . Sorry , it 's a great product
 This book binder is being used in my night class at college . I have been to office supply stores and they claimed they did n't have this size or they were pricing them to high . Thank you so much .
 I have a confession to make . I am sinister , a southpaw , cackhanded . Yes , I am one of the 11 percent of the world who writes with their left hand.Writing was great until the education system taught me how . I had better cursive writing than I do now before kindergarten . There was only one hitch -- I wrote from right to left.Things went south pretty quickly when my teachers tried to make me write the correct way . I finally got the hang of it , but I still think my writing was prettier back when it was ` natural . ` There are two principal problems with writing left-handed : One , you are pushing the pen across the paper which necessitates a tighter grip and generally will increase problems with repetitive stress injuries . -LRB- This , according to the hand specialist who treated mine -RRB- Two , you are dragging your hand through what you have written . If your pen does n't write smoothly and dry fast , you 're going to have whatever color you have written with all over the side of your hand.I love these Foray retractible ballpoint pens . They write smoothly even for a ` pusher . ' They do n't run , drip , or leave wet ink for you to drag your hand through . They have a comfortable padded grip , which helps to reduce RSI 's such as carpal tunnel . As far as I can tell , they last pretty long too.Now , if I could just keep people from stealing mine!Rebecca Kyle , October 2008
 I inherited this chair after someone moved from the office and I have been using it for over 6 years now and I absolutely love it . At some point , I got a real Aeron chair and could n't wait to get back to this one . I now want to buy the one with the head-rest but I did n't realize they were this expensive . I am thinking of moving across continents next year and this chair is going with me even if I have to pay $ 500 to ship it.Features that I like : The ability to recline without the chair trying to push me forward . The chair can recline up to a 135-140 degree or so.The fact that the chair follows me when I sit straight and my back feels supported in either situation.I also love the handrests . They move easily and click in place . Yes , they only have a few positions and they do n't move individually but I never felt the need to move them individually.I have suffered from backaches and carpal tunnel for most my grad student years until I got this chair . I even moved it with me for 2 months when I had to leave my apartment during the summer after a fire . My memory foam mattress topper , this chair and the glare filter on my computer screen are the few of my most favorite things . I am generally not a `` things '' person . I had a foldable desk for a desk for a couple of years but I am absolutely in love with this chair.Sizewise , I am 5 ' 4 '' and 140 lbs.Also , I did n't get this particular chair from this retailer to be able to say anything about shipping etc. .
 I really am surprised by the other reviews rejecting this chair . Maybe they dont get what the millions of freedom fans understand.This chair is not going to serve anyone 's OCD with knobs and levers and controls . This chair is about form and function meeting somewhere in the perfect middle . If you want a chair that is strong , durable , effortless , responsive , supportive , and easy to own , this is the one.As usual , I spent WAY too much time researching and test driving all of the top chairs . Here is my cliff notes results : Steelcase Leap - too stiff and the back did not return or assist my return to the upright position from reclining . It felt very odd to have your chair back still reclining a few seconds after you have already sat up . Very odd action.Steelcase Think - this was my second favorite chair after the Freedom . The think chair is more straightforward than other ergo chairs , but does have some controls . I did think that I was going to wear it out really quickly , though . I am a big guy , so I know I would have found this chair 's weaknesses and ruined it.HM Aeron - okay ... i never had the chance to get into a C size , and after seeing the chart , I am not in the B or B/C stage ... I , at almost 6 ' and 250 , am a clear C . The B chairs were too narrow in the seat , with the hard lip design that is used . Maybe the C would have been better , but it felt like sitting in my STi . Like a really nice Recaro bucket seat for racing with side bolsters . Which is great if you are throttling through turns and traffic -LRB- going the speed limit -RRB- . Not so cool when it is in your office chair that you would like to have a bit more freedom -LRB- cough cough -RRB- . HM Celle - just too stiff . no wonder it was discontinued.Ergohuman - # 3 on the list . Love the headrest and the ability to completely move things around to match your perfect angle . But ... just way too much for someone who is only obsessive in the research phase and wants to never have to think of the item again . In this case , I just wouldnt do that to myself . The investment in fine tuning a chair like this is required ... I didnt want to have more work to do once I got the chair.and that leaves the Freedom . Let me say again , I am 6 ' 250 . I do not have the issues that others have with feeling like I am being propelled out of the seat . The seat mechanism is supposed to be weight based . I am not sure what the minimum is to get it to work harmoniously , but the top of the curve is beyond 250 as this seems to work in all angles perfectly . The base is metal and extremely well built . I have a carpet and the large wheels seem not to notice . The chair does not wobble side to side at all . The reclining angles are fantastic . The arm cushions are gel in my model and are friggin sweet . The top position for the armrests is at a great height for my preferences , and allow the chair to be scooted under the desk when I leave my desk , which not many chairs can do . Its nice having the extra room back in the floor space when the chair is all the way under the desk up to the back rest . The seat fabric is cool and does not build up heat ... and it seems to handle my abuse quite well . I also find the lumbar support to be great . If you need a lot of lumber support , you probably would need one of those mesh bumps anyways . I think if you use the backrest height adjustment wisely , you will find the support you need . In the lowest setting , it might not feel like much unless you are 5 ' tall.The thing that sold me about the chair was how it felt when I sat in it . I just knew it was built right . I didnt have to dial it in for 3 weeks to get there . it was like a custom tailored suit that responded when I moved right off the shelf . It is strong ... we will see about the arm strength in the years to come ... but the frame , the materials , the base ... all strong . When you lean back in this chair , it is like the action of a finely tuned machine . It does not wiggle , wobble , snap , creak , lean , stick , or otherwise make you feel like it shouldnt be doing that . For it to handle my size so easily , it must be built quite well.I have heard that Humanscale is also the best company to deal with if anything ever goes wrong . whether you be the first owner or last owner of the chair . Luckily , I havent had to find out.Thanks , Craig
 This book binder is being used in my night class at college . I have been to office supply stores and they claimed they did n't have this size or they were pricing them to high . Thank you so much .
 Great for making professional bound documents with a binding machine . Much nicer and more durable than plastic combs . You need a 3:1 punch and binding machine to put it together .
 I have been using clam clips or a variation of them since 1980 . They are a tight , streamlined way to dress up any presentation . I 'm thrilled to write a review because with popularity , this little wonder will become more readily available . As it is I have combed numerous office supply catalogs looking for the little buggers . As users know , the clip need be loaded into a dispenser which slides the clip onto the document . This dispenser is designed so that overloading the clip is almost impossible . It also assures the `` neatness '' alluded to in the title . The clip rests squarely on the top of your work without the bulk of the ` bulldog ' clip .
 I have been using these Pentel markers for more than 20 years now . Yes , I 've gone through a few sets in that time . They do last nearly forever , do not dry out , and the colors are vivid and true . And when I say they do n't dry out , I mean it ! I travel with a set of these and a couple of weeks on the road , in and out of steaming hot vehicles in the summer , does n't even phase these gems ! A terrific buy for the money !
 these are the best set of markers i have ever used and I was thrilled to find them on amazon . They have a sharp felt tip thats line will never get too thick and they last for years . Were well worth the money . Best for artists and great to use as well for writing .
 I have never used better markers than these . I have a few sets , one of which i have for many years and they are still as good as new even though I use them continuously ! These markers are amazing ! They will serve you for a long time and are good for anything
 Long lasting they are - but this artist here since they 've first came out keeps using them over and over and over again until they go D.O.A. -LRB- even sometimes a dip in warm water helps and putting the cap on and turning pen upside -LRB- tip facing upwards for at least a couple of hours -RRB- before turning it back down in the place holder as I keep them all facing down to prolong the life span - will get a few more life out of them sometimes , but not always , but be sure to mark on a scrap paper before reusing them to see if there is anymore life left into them ; I had one purchased at a store that was `` dead on arrival - aka D.O.A. '' which this warm water trick got it running like new without any problems with the remainder of set -RRB- ... Do not inquire me how many I have purchased - I have used them to underline in my Bible to Coloring Books -LRB- e.g. Dover , MindWare , et al. -RRB- tp even signs and designs from sketches of my own.HINT
 PENTEL S36036 FINE POINT COLOR PEN SET , 36 Assorted Colors -LRB- 36/Set-PENS 36036 -RRB- is an absolute Godsend to the hard-working , time-constrained artist . It is also the best color marker on the market , and that from an artist who has been using them since the early 1980s . Which is I!Wanting to move from the expense and drudgery of oils , the lackadaisical quality of acrylics and the mess of pastels , I grabbed a case of these Pentel markers in the quantity of 36 colors . Good to think ahead and realize you can not mix marker colors other than to layer them , so it is good to have the widest range . 36 is the highest number Pentel offers in marker colors.These are beautiful and so smooth you 'll think you died and went to draw in heaven with something like a tablet sketch pad computer program . They have absolutely no odor , which is a problem for me with my reactions to chemicals . Also , these markers had a strangely lengthy shelf life -LRB- my very first set lasted and performed 100 % for almost a decade - that 's right , a decade -RRB- . Note I use the word `` had '' a long shelf life.Needless to say I used these exclusively for anything in color I wanted to execute . These also work beautifully with other media EXCEPT paints . I often used other marker brands , pen-and-ink , watercolors , even crayons -LRB- just do n't try to color over crayon with these markers -RRB- . Absolute heaven.Signs of Pentel quality
 My adult daughter is really into coloring and I sent these to her . She has been very pleased with them . They all work great and have lasted a long time . She uses them to color the Mindware books .
 I am really sold on these markers . I use them for Dover Stain Glass Adult Coloring Books . There are so many shades and the ink flows freely - bright colors . My son was given a set of these in 1984 and used them from kindergarten through high school.I have two small dislikes that are n't enough to make less than 5 stars.One - some of the colors paint on as almost the same color . Not enough difference to justify a separate pen . Two - two or three do not mark freely . I will try the hot water treatment.I am not an artist - have absolutely no artistic ability - but I do love colors and I love to do handwork . These pens plus a Dover coloring book will guarantee me many hours of pleasure .
 These are the best markers ever . . The color selection is great and they last forever . I have a set from 20 years ago and they still work . They are worth the money .
 I bought these markers for use with Mindware coloring books - they work great !! Some of the ones in my pack are a little &#34; juicier &#34; than others , and have been from the beginning , but that 's to be expected . Nice range of colors , and names are included on the back ! They even come in their own nicely-made carrying case . Great quality markers at a great value !
 These markers are worth the price . They have a nice clean crisp line and they last a long time . And there are lots of colors .
 I bought these for my kids . I had these same pens when I was young and remember using them for hours . The main advantage of these pens over the cheaper sets , is the color is so much better , and they last a lot longer . They do n't run out after a few uses . Worth the extra money .
 I bought these for my creative 10 year old . She loves them . The package snaps together so they do n't fall out .
 These are wonderful pens . I have been using this brand for many years with complete satisfaction .
 I got them as a gift when I was 8 and I am now 26 . But most of them are still in excellent condition!I just can not believe after so many years , they have not dried out . So amazing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And tip points are still as good as new !
 I ordered the Pentel 36 pack of pens for both my nefews for Christmas and they came right away . Pentel makes high quality pens that should last the boys a long time . I gave their mother a set when she was a teenager and she still uses it .
 I have had this set of pens for 13 years , and all but 8 of the pens are still in excellent shape , even though I was not terribly gentle with them . The colors are vibrant , and they flow nicely on many different types of paper . These pens are amazingly high-quality for their price . A wonderful set to give as a gift , as they will last forever , and you can replace individual pens if needed .
 I bought a set of 36 colors before my son was born in 1982 . I did do some work back then with them . I was a little surprised 13 years ago to find out they still worked . After a small project back then I tucked them away . A current project inspired me to dig them out of storage . All but four of the thirty-six still work fine . I believe the four that do n't work maybe the ones that the kids got a hold of and left the caps off before I tucked them away.I still have the work that I did in 1982 . It was placed in a scrapbook that I still have . While the cover of the scrapbook shows the ware of the years the colors in the drawing are as vibrant as if I drew the picture yesterday.So I guess I hold the record -LRB- 26 years -RRB- .
 I bought this product for my 5 year old boys , and they love it . Great quality . Bright colors and precision in coloring detail . They love coloring and drawing superheroes with these pens . We love Pentel !
 These markers are good for general colouring and tinting , with the exception that the fine point does not hold up as well as I would like - it tends to blunt after a while.The pens seem to last a long time , not running out of colour and with the exception of the darkest green and blue pens - which were darker than the colour indicated on the pen all were true to their colour .
 Was looking for an inexpensive set of markers for children 's ministry at church . This fit the bill and it is a good quality for the price .
 I bought this set for my boys , ages 5 and 7 . The quality and assortment of colors is excellent . So often , I find the art supplies - especially the colored pencils - marketed for children to be of a terrible quality . I would rather spend a bit more and get a product that will last . My kids and I are still using the Berol set of colored pencils I bought over 20 years ago !
 I have mixed feelings on these . The quality is great , the plastic holder is handy and sturdy no complaints there . They are very saturated so I think they will last a long time . My big complaint is the colors of the pens are SO VERY DIFFERENT from what the pen actually colors . There is no true red , but a lot of oranges . All the colors are darker than the pens . I have been using them in Dover coloring books and am sad to say they bleed thru some . So I have to pick which side I like better . I usually use colored pencils but decided to try something different . I happen to have a red pentel marker that is about 20 yrs old and it still had ink , back then the cap was snap on.So my recommendation is try it on a sheet of paper before you use it because it will be very different . I read some people saying the tips go flat . . they do n't if you use them correctly . Magic markers take a gentle touch . They tips are great for fine work and on their side they work as broad markers .
 This set of markers is fabulous . I had a set over 25yrs ago . That set was my prized posession . Back then , my family did not have much money but my Mama got them for me ... They lasted for years !!!! I have always enjoyed intricate `` adult coloring books '' or free-style with markers . It relaxes me like nothing else ... I googled this set a month ago and went to the Pentel website ... still spendy ... I found them on Amazon for almost half the price and could n't wait for my delivery ... Got them today and I love them just as much as I did when I was a kid . For those of you that commented on `` streak '' lines , you only get those if you do not know how to work the pen correctly -LRB- pressure , angle , etc. -RRB- ... A MUST HAVE for those that love artwork with markers !!
 I used to use these pens when I was younger for art projects and have been looking for them to use on my Anatomy & Physiology coloring book , as I prefer pens over colored pencils and have never found a set of pens that worked so well . I did a lot of shopping around and Amazon had the best price by far . So far they are as fantastic as I remember them .
 These are fine pens . I love the quality of color they produce . Would recommend them to any color loving artist .
 I have had a set of these markers for over 9 years and they 're still going strong ! They seem to have an endless ink supply , except for the black , which has been used to it 's last drop . They are very comfortably shaped , great for doing fine detail work . Vibrant colors , and a good variety of colors . Wonderful markers !
 My daughter `` found '' these pens which I had had for years ... she adopted them and used them almost daily for every type of art project.They travel very well so they have also been on many trips with us.The pinks ran out after about two years of use ... after about three years of use a few of the other colors began to show signs of running out.I was AMAZED they lasted as long as they did !!! We are now on a second set.My daughter is nearly 8 , and she still LOVES these markers.I highly recommend them to ANY one of ANY age who loves markers with great vibrant , long-lasting color !!!!
 I like the sturdy , compact package these markers come in , the large selection of colors , and the fact that they are water-base pens . All of them were fresh without a hint of drying out anytime soon .
 I also have to agree with the other posters when saying these markers last forever . I was given some as a teen about 25 years ago and they still work great . I always knew they were superb markers , but now as a mother/teacher I realize just how wonderful they are ! You will not regret buying these for sure . Honestly , they run circles around Crayola and other leading brands most people buy today .
 My set is about 10 years old , and still going strong ! I have used these pens for everything from original art pieces to just plain coloring , and they hold their rich colors fabulously ! Well worth the price . They are like an Energizer Bunny ... they keep going and going and going !
 I bought these identical markers 23 years ago -LRB- yes , 23 years -RRB- at Sam 's Club . I used them for crafting most of those years . I have been homeschooling our two children for the past 8 years where they have been used a little more heavily by tiny hands . They just started to dry out -- can you believe this ? So , of course I purchased them again . I 'm expecting them to last as well as the first set . The only difference in the two sets is now the colors are indicated on the back of the holder , big plus ! I highly recommend this item , thank you Pentel .
 This is a sturdy set of pens , in nice secondary packaging . I bought two sets - one for my son , the other for my daughter , they 're enjoying them . I 've used them to color in some pages of the kids ' coloring books , and see two shortcomings . First , the amount of ink is inconsistent from pen to pen - some flow very heavy ink , others much lighter . This results in inconsistent color depth in the strokes . The second shortcoming is the color of the pen 's plastic often poorly matches the color of the pen 's ink . For example , what looks like a dark green pen from the color of the plastic , has ink that flows very close to black . Many other colors vary greatly from plastic to ink . When these pens need replacing , I 'll try a different set for comparison .
 I got this set as a child and my mom recently found them and they all still work wonderfully ! -LRB- roughly 15 years later ! -RRB- amazing !
 Markers are very nice for fine detail work as well as some bigger surfaces . Colors do n't run and the carrying case is convenient . Would definitely recommend .
 These are the best color pens ever ! Colors are rich & beautiful , and the pens last forever . I had these when I was a teenager , and recently bought them again , because they are such a great quality product .
 These are very nice pens . The tips are fine enough to write withbut still useful for artwork .
 I love this product and have purchased some yrs . before that have lasted and used well .
 I have had these for about a month , and I love , love , love these markers . I originally just bought these for coloring in a design book , but instead I use them to draw designs and they have 36 good colors that I can choose from . All of the colors match the plastic outside , but 2 are a shade off , but all of you people getting mad about this , no color of ink can be the same as the plastic , because the plastic hardens and will either stay the same or get lighter , so back off the Pentel people . I still give these markers a 5 star , because they are epic !!!
 we really like these markers . they are great for detail work , and the plastic holder is pretty sturdy and snaps shut for travel . probably better for older kids as the tips fine and not as satisfying for little kids wanting to fill a space with color . my 4 year old likes them , but i think older kids would appreciate them more .
 Bought as gift , along with &#34; Coloring Mandalas &#34; . Quality is good . Long-lasting . Nice colors . My daughter said they were nicer markers than others she 'd used .
 I love these marker pens ! They write so nicely and the way they 're packaged is perfect . Each marker has a little notch for it , so they dont slide all over in the package and the 2 sides snap together . Also , all the colors are listed on the back with a corresponding number on the marker . Very nice quality.The only con of the 36 set is that there are a few very ugly colors that I do n't think I 'll ever use .
 These are some of the best markers I have ever purchased ! The colors are fantastic for those &#34; fuzzy &#34; velvet coloring posters of frogs , rabbits , bears , etc. . In the sunlight the colors look as if they glow ! Highly recommend this set !
 These are just what I was looking for . Not too thin , not too thick . Great color selection . Great quality . They seem as though they will last a while .
 I sent these along with some wonderful coloring books for adults to a soldier friend of mine and it was very much appreciated . Makes a great soldier gift !
 I purchased this set of 36 colors for an elementary-school-age child after she almost emptied my own set of 24 . These are great markers for the price ; in my opinion they are substantially better than any marker product Crayola makes . The colors are vibrant and lay down smoothly ; you can even blend by overlaying colors -LRB- a technique which takes practice but can be very rewarding -RRB- . There is a good range of colors in this set , with several different shades/tints/hues in each color family -LRB- i.e. you get four or five shades in the red-pink family , five or six in the blue-gray family , and so on -RRB- . If I had to come up with a complaint about this set , it would be that the barrel colors do not always -LRB- or even often -RRB- come close to matching the actual ink color , and sometimes the barrel color is VERY misleading . For example , the beige marker that you see fourth from the right in the product picture may look as though it could be used for a lightly tanned skin-tone , actually contains a much darker brown ink - it could still be used for a skin-tone , obviously , as people come in many colors , but for a MUCH darker-skinned person . Many of the colors are like this , so you have to experiment and get to know the set , and once you are familiar with what the INK actually looks like , it 's not really a problem.The markers do not bleed through most paper , although with thinner drawing paper and ruled notebook paper , you will be able to see the lines of the drawing through the paper anyway , because the color is quite rich . So if you want to use these on the front of something that you plan to do something on the back of , use heavier paper.The nibs -LRB- or tips -RRB- are fairly firm , and if you keep a light touch with the markers , they may stay that way , however , my child presses pretty hard . This does blunt the tips or make them a little &#34; softer &#34; , resulting in a thicker line . Obviously these are not ultra-thin point markers to start with ; they are not going to replace your Sharpie ultra-fine or whatever , but I will say that other than on one occassion -LRB- used by a small child who did not understand &#34; light touch &#34; -RRB- we have n't had any problems with the nibs breaking , bending , shredding , or giving off little clumps of inky fuzz . The one exception -LRB- my poor green marker ! -RRB- was due to the tip basically being mashed , so that now we get a fuzzy little hairy circle of ink on the page instead of a nice clean dot . However , with normal , responsible use , I do n't see this kind of thing being a problem.They are absolutely WONDERFUL for coloring those nifty highly detailed Dover coloring books , like the geometric designs and the others - they have a million of them , anything you could possibly want to color , and if I could insert a product link , I would , because they are delightful . In fact , other than drawing her own pictures , this is the primary way my kid uses these markers.All-in-all , these are excellent markers and I have no hesitation in recommending them .
 These markers -LRB- or felt tip pens -RRB- are great . Sometimes the tip becames less than &#34; sharp &#34; but still very useful . Thanks
 These pens come in so many subtle color gradations . They do n't smear or tear even fairly thin paper . They are the pens I wish I had in art class when I was in high school . I am just pleased to have found them now !
 I bought a set of these pens 14 years ago and used them all of the time . I just dug them out of some packed boxes and it is like I just got them . Well worth the price . FYI I paid $ 20 for the 24 color set 14 years ago , I only looked them up because I wanted to prove to my daughter that they would probably be $ 50 now due to inflation ... . Hmmm ... . I guess I was wrong .
 super fast shipping , great product . beautiful colors , sharp tip on marker and love the case . keeps them all together . price is SOOOO good . my local store has the same set for $ 33 ... really ca n't go wrong here !
 GOOD COLOR MARKING AND DRAWING PEN SET . fAIR PRICE AND NICE HOLDER BOOK FOR PENS ALSO THE COLORS ARE GOOD .
 There really should be 10 stars available to rate these great pens . I have had my set , for over 15 yrs !!! I am not kidding ! The ink lasts forever , and the colors are so bright and beautiful.I am a women of a `` mature '' age who has loved to `` color '' all my life . To use these pens and the combination of the Dover coloring books is just a little bit of heaven on earth.This next set that I am ordering will I am sure probably outlive me ! Thank you as always Amazon for providing us with such great discounts and service .
 Purchased for my girlfriends birthday in Sep09 because of all the art she does . Every pen in the set is still going strong and she uses them frequently !!! She loves the set so I plan to continue buying them for her every September . I highly recommend to everyone to buy these pen sets !
 Wonderful assortment of colors in a very convenient carrying case . My granddaughter really enjoys drawing and coloring with these pens .
 We are able to track repairs , trips , and maint . What more should we ask of a log ?
 This gun does not use the 2 '' glue sticks ; it uses the 5/8 '' X 8 '' sticks . The thing that makes this gun an industry standard is the high temperature of the dispensed glue . * DO NOT USE ON ANTHING HEAT SENSITIVE -LRB- like fingers ! -RRB-
 If anyone is looking for a better glue gun then those sold at your local big box stores . This is the next generation glue gun . . Industrial quality with all replacable parts , easy to operate with O drippy mess -LRB- so there is little or no wasted glue -RRB- and it 's made for durability . Great choice for the serious crafter or craftsmen .
 This glue gun is by far the best ever made , Its very high temperature gives the glue a chance to go into wood grain for greater adhesion . I 've been using this high volume glue gun for many years and could not live without it my shop !
 We use this gun at the cabinet shop I work at . I purchased one for my home cabinet shop . The gun works well , no problems . Just a word . . the glue is HOT .
 The things are indestructible . Have some that are 10 + years old and wo n't die . Just buy more so the whole construction crew has them
 Everyone else has already said it . The best gun I 've ever used . Keep your fingers away from the goo though ! Super hot !
 I have to say , I was pretty pleased with these . The price was low enough that I expected them to be of poor quality , but these have worked great -- I mail comics and artwork all over the world , and these opaque sleeves let me cover whatever crazy packing job I 've done and make the envelope look professional . Plus a nice even surface for a shipping label . I 'll be buying these again in the future !
 UPDATED REVIEW : For those who have been complaining about seeming flimsy , please know that I have shipped over 1,000 items in these and have had ZERO problems with these bags . when I am packing something large inside , I do use extra shipping tape to make double sure that things are secure . However , price per bag , you ca n't get better.also , they are lightweight , has saved me money on postage many times!ORIGINAL REVIEW : I sell a lot of clothing online and ship around the country . Unlike paper envelopes and mailers , these are VERY tough . sometimes when I seal them up I have a hard time pressing the excess air out , that 's how tight you can get them ! I 've used over 500 of these to this point and never had a problem from a buyer on the other end . I even use them as a waterproof cover on books when I 'm shipping them in a box -LRB- just in case the postal service leaves it in the rain -RRB- . If you 're curious about size , I can fit 2 adult long sleeve shirts in one , or one pair of adult jeans , or 4-5 complete toddler outfits . you just have to fold them so that they do n't wrinkle/bend and take up extra space in the bag . as a tip , I always use packing tape on the opening ends , to make sure it does n't get snagged and pulled open during transit .
 I know of many sellers on Amazon that use these bags to ship in . I have only had one complaint . When the customer got their book the side of the bag had ripped open , down the seam . I like the thicker bags because of this but overall I will never use anything else to ship in . Hint
 sturdy , seals tight , and the price is right ! perfectly masks whatever is inside , which is ideal for mailing various items .
 I ca n't say anything bad about this envelop which is strong and does the job . I like it as it is white and the glue is very strong . You have a easy to peel plastic strip which is easy to grab . Just peel it and it sticks very well to the envelop to seel it well . I recommend this envelop .
 These poly envelopes are pretty durable for mailing ebay and Amazon purchased products that are small and lightweight , like a scarf or a Hot Wheels car . The price is right and we have used these for a couple of years now .
 We purchased these for our mail-order business . Much stronger , lighter and cheaper than paper envelopes . You can stuff them pretty full without any breakage . I will never go back to paper envelopes again !
 We generally ship clothing but send out a lot of electronics which was generally shipped in kraft bubble mailers . Since switching to the poly bags , We have no customer complaints of water or other damage . We simply wrap items in bubble wrap and place in poly bags and as an added bonus , these are cheaper .
 These are mostly for book mailing . A little large for many books , but easily folded and taped over if that seems good . Labels adhere well and the self adhesive flap is good . Tape if needed for an old label or something sticks well . Came promptly.Was as described . Very pleased .
 These are what they are advertised to be ... works great for what I needed . For the price they work for what I needed . No complaints .
 I send out about 20-30 packages a week and love these . I 've searched prices and I think these are a great price and fast shipping !
 It cuts like butter ! This cutter is awesome . I am so glad that I bought it . I 've tried several different cutters , and this is the best . It cuts straight -LRB- use the holder to hold down the paper -RRB- . I can trim off the tiniest bit of paper . I am so excited about this product !
 I love this little cutter ! The base is only 6 '' wide so it 's perfect for traveling . The orange part of the handle and the measuring arm both store under the unit . The key to using this cutter properly is to hold your paper securely with the orange paper guard , which is attached to the top of the cutter . The only downside to the cutter is when you have to cut at a specific place or around a text box ; it 's difficult to see where you 're cutting unless you have a light source under the cutting edge . Otherwise , I would suggest it to anyone !
 This cutter is just wonderufl ! I have the full size too and actually prefer this one , light , easy to take along and the measuring arm snaps off quickly and stores in the back . I have used it for years !! NO MORE BLADES TO BUY !
 A must have to product professional marketing materials , signs , postcards , flyers , etc. . Works great and compact size yet cuts large size papers . Earns it 's money after a few uses !
 I Really like this phone , but I decided to buy the GE - SKYPE - Dect 6.0 Cordless phone after owning this one for a week . The major shortcoming is the need for a Windows PC running XP32 or VISTA 32 . Logitech Tech support was worthless and then non-existent when trying to use a 64 bit system , which was a surprise for Logitech . I have a sever that always runs , so the need for a compter to be on all the time was not a big deal . The need to switch to a 32 bit OS was the killer . This phone will be going to my office.The sound quality and range are very good . I have a 2 story house with the unit in the basement and I was able to use it throughout the house and in the yard without problems . If you have an internet connection that is good enough for Skype reliably , you are ready to drop the phone company . At my office , I have Vonage with a dedicated connection for just the phones . I can use this at my office on the general use connection when plugged into my PC without any chirps or breakups . The Vonage boxes will not achieve that . Plus it is much cheaper.A pretty cool plus for this is that whatever Skype account the computer is logged into , so is the phone . It is nice to be able to switch lines by simply changing logins.The battery life is short , but if you keep it on a charging stand , not a deal breaker . This is not a cell phone . The main shortcoming to me is the lack of Linux or any 64 bit OS support.EDIT
 This is a really good effort by Logitech and Skype . The hardware is very nice . The phone is attractive , easy to use , good sound , pretty good range . The only real negative for the phone is , as one reviewer commented , the battery life is fairly poor . Poor though is in comparison to what you expect . You can still talk for a couple of hours on one charge . The charging station is nice and small and the phone plays a little tone when set on the station.The transmit station for the package is nice small USB block that plugs into the PC and after initial setup that is all that is needed . It lights blue when working . Clean and attractive.The interface with Skype is good . All your contacts are listed and work well . The only part of the phone usage I did not like is the phone works just like Skype meaning you have to press country code etc just as if making an international call on every call out . I would think the phone could convert for you to remove that quark so maybe all you do is deal like normal once you enter your home area code into the phone . I am not sure but it is a minor gripe.Very good device that has mad our Skype experience far more pleasurable and functional .
 This is a great Skype phone and does everything I was hoping it would . Excellent sound both ways and the build quality is also very nice . I was a little nervous getting this as I use Windows 7 RC 64 bit . Works perfectly . You will need to go to Logitech 's website and download the Vista driver from the support section if you are using Windows 7 instead of installing the driver from the included cd . Hope this helps .
 I bought this for use with Skype . It works excellent but is NOT compatible with Windows Vista ; which was fine with me as I use it on my traveling laptop instead of daily laptop , that I bought a Logitech Web-Cam for & that works perfect .
 I purchased this phone 6 months ago after being fed up with my local phone company.It works great and I have great call quality . I use it as my main home line and I have a cell phone for back up or emergencies.I have used it for hundreds of International calls and love the quality.I have only had problems 2 times for an hour each but hat was the fault of my cable Internet provider and not the phone or Skype.The Skype service is better than I expected . I used it 3-4 years ago and remember them crashing all the time and nothing like that has happened . Even if it did for a day I would still be happy . I have saved a fortune and do not have to deal with crazy taxes and rude customer service.Best of all I purchased 2 telephone number from Skype that come through the same phone and it was easy to set up . I have a Romanian phone number that my friends can call from Romania to the USA without paying long distance and I have my Illinois number.The phone itself is feels comfortable and has a good weight to it . It feels like a good quality . ----------------------------------------------------------- Update April 2010I just wanted to let everyone know its been almost 2 years now since I got this phoneand its still going strong with heavy use . - The display has a few pinkish spots on it but not so much that it is unclear . - Battery still going strong lasts about 3 hours of straight conversationand charges pretty quick too . I think the battery has only given out one timesince I bought it the 3 hours is more or less a guess based on days where I stayedon the phone way too long.One thing is for sure I have saved a ton of $ $ $ using Skype and this phone . Many of my relativeshave started doing the same to after seeing how well its worked for me . I do keep a cell as backupfor emergencies though.Also anyone using Skype as a main line should find out the actual number and area codesfor the Fire and Police department . 911 does not work on Skype . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ March 2011Another year has passed and to my surprise this phone is still going strong.I get about one dropped call a month from Skype other than that the phone and the serviceare 5 *
 This is a great phone . I have no complaints . I 've been using this for 2 weeks now and have no problems .
 This phone is a pleasure , because it just works . It installed easily and integrated with Skype painlessly . We 've used it with two computers , one quite new and one over 6 years old . It worked fine with both . I 've had it about 6 months , and it 's been totally reliable.We do a lot of over-seas calling , so we purchased Skype credits and pretty much eliminated our phone bills . I can attach my headset and pocket the phone , and then walk around the house , hands free , while talking to anyplace in the world . Sound quality is excellent.Most computer accessories , even -LRB- in fact , especially -RRB- from big-name companies , now come with drivers laced with adware and spyware . This one seems to be free of these annoyances . Another point for Logitec.I ca n't think of any downside to this phone . I hope they leave it on the market for years and do n't change a thing . Highly recommended !
 This is my second Logitech Cordless Internet Handset . The first I had to leave behind when I move from the UK the the USA.Bought this one based on experiance with the first one and I must say that this is the best Skype phone on the market .
 I am running windows 7 64 bit and the latest skype version , I installed the vista driver provided by Logitech on their website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and had to do 2 things to make it work , 1 - uninstall msn live messenger -LRB- Do not ask me why ! I read it somewhere on the internet -RRB- 2 - set the Logitech mic and speaker as the default audio device -LRB- a true inconvenience -RRB- and it worked like magic , great range , clear sound , speaker phone , belt clip , headset output , independent phone base and charger all for less than $ 60 . You got ta love and hate Logitech for this product but the truth is it 's much better than the no-name skype phone on ebay ...
 I almost did n't buy this because from reading the reviews it did n't look like it would work with Windows 7 . I 'm here to tell you it works just fine . Just grab the Vista driver from this link -LSB- ... -RSB- and you should be fine . Only real complaints are : - I ca n't figure out how to attach the belt clip that came with this phone.-Batteries that ship with this phone suck . Get some real ones.-you have to dial 001 - before any phone numbers , even here in the US .
 I 've had my Logitech Cordless Internet Handset for about 2 weeks and over all I am happy . If you plan to buy one you should know that Logitech has discontinued this product . As others have pointed out the battery performance leaves something to be desired . In order to get the full potential our of the NI-MH rechargeable batteries I had to use an external charger . Luckily I have one as I use NI-MH batteries in all of my remotes and what not . It appears as if the charger in the stand is not up to snuff so when using that one I only got about 20 minutes out of the batteries and they died , even when leaving the phone in the stand for 16 + hours . By pulling the batteries out of the phone and using my external charger I get MUCH closer to the advertised 120 hours of stand-by or 10 hours of talk time for a charge . This does n't bug me but it may be more maintenance then others are looking for and I think it may have been a reason , if not the reason , Logitech discontinued the product.I found the setup to be straight forward . Install the drivers BEFORE you plug in the usb cable , just like any usb device . Running on XP pro -LRB- fully patch Jan 2010 -RRB- I have had no issues . Do n't forget to check your sound settings as the guide shows , it should auto configure but checking will not hurt and the guide has a very helpful section on the topic . The reason for this stems from early customer reports that you could not play sounds on the PC while using the handset . This is not the case and I suspect this section of the guide was added just to address when the auto config fails . It did n't fail for me.I got this phone for Skype so that 's all I use it for . One thing I found a bit befuddling was the phone has a separate call list from Skype . This is ok , just not what I expected . I just do n't use the one on the phone and add all numbers to Skype contacts , which the phone accesses with ease.Call quality is excellent , beats the crap out my cell 's call quality . The handset 's physical profile is perfect for me . I can use Skype untethered from my PC , which was my main reason for the purchase . Just remember , NO 911 service ! You ca n't ditch the cell yet.That 's enough of my rambling , I hope this helps you .
 Nice product for all you Skype users . Gives you portability from your PC to anywhere in the House/Office . I like the little menu in the task bar which allows you to switch between the phone and PC with ease . All voice mails can be accessed either from the PC or from the phone . No real complaints - battery life a bit suspect but it mostly sits in the power charging cradle so not much of an issue .
 Have just bought the Logitech cordless Skype handset.It works as advertised - and is so good both my wife and I have one now as we work in the same room.Have not worked out how to get to contact a long way down the page using the handset yet - but I am sure there is a way!Great solution at a currently good value price .
 The phone is well designed - nice keypads , color LCD display with selectable wallpaper , and user 's phone book . The sound quality is excellent . Software driver is easy to install . I will buy a 2nd one for my wife .
 Simple setup , excellent sound quality , good price , works better than my cordless , landline or cell phone . Just remember to give your Skype program permission to `` talk '' to the Logitech program when setting up . Other than that , it integrates with Skype seamlessly in Windows XP . I recommend it .
 These labels are without a doubt the best looking and most stylish CD labels I 've ever used.Each label is made of an extremely thin ` plastic ' type material that is shiny metallic . 3 different designs are included and are
 There 's really not much to say . It 's a mini-DV tape to be used in mini-DV camcorders . It works well but since DV is a digital format , there really is n't a whole lot of difference between tapes - at least not what you could find between analog tapes like 8mm or audio cassettes.This tape does what it is supposed to do . TDK has always made excellent recordable media and I have no doubt that this one will last a long time like their other media does .
 These rugs are awesome . I got them for my boyfriend for Christmas last year and he loved them . They soak up the condinsation but they dont leak . They dont move around either . They are great !
 I received the package in the mail very quickly and was so pleased with the patterns on the rug coasters . I have had many compliments on them and the best part is the backing which holds things in place .
 My main concern with theses coasters was that I thought they would not look as nice as the product image . They actually look exactly like what is presented when you view the larger image of the item . They are backed by what I think is rubber . I doubted whether or not the coaster would be able to absorb with this material . But they work great . There is no condensation on the bottom of the coaster when having an heavily iced drink . The rubber keeps them from moving . Overall , great product . I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because I do n't really love all the designs . But I am picky , and that really is more of a subjective factor .
 I love these little coasters ! They are the perfect size and I like how the fabric absorbs the moisture from my tea glass ! Not only do they work great , they are very stylish too ! Everyone comments on them ! I am very pleased with this purchase !
 Great coasters . Bought them as a gift , were really cute . They work well , too .
 I needed new coasters and read some reviews for Lextra CoasterRugs . They seemed very positive so I ordered them . I am so happy I did ! They are the cutest little rugs . And they really do the job . Non-slip backing that stays put when you lift a glasss and they absorb any liquid without going through to my tables . I love them !
 I purchased one in a store and went to Amazon to purchase a set of coasters . They are unique and very useful and decorative . Enjoying this product .
 I just love these ! I have a set at home and at work . I also have the mouse pad . I get lots of compliments . They are different and beautiful ! I highly recommend !
 This is the second set of these purchased cause I liked them so well . They are very absorbent and the rubberized backing is very kind to my furniture . Fits with just about any decor . Plus my grandchildren can use them as projectiles and ... no worries !
 These are the best coasters for drinks -- ever ! The original MouseRug mousepad came my way as a gift 7 years ago and I have been a fan ever since . The addition of coaster rugs was a natural addition . The latest set of coasters was bought for my daughter who has three young sons and great throwing arms .
 I love these little coasters ! I have one for myself and then leave the rest out in a small stack for my visitors to my office . Very cute ! ... yet nice as well !
 this is the best coaster i have found . Went to a nice bread and breakfast in N.H. and this is they used in every room amazon is the best bet
 Excellent concept and designs . Everyone who sees them , loves them . The perfect gift for that &#34; someone who has everything &#34; . I would highly recommend .
 I picked up a set of these several years ago for myself and absolutely love them . I ca n't tell you how many coasters I have picked up over time only to find that they do n't absorb the condensation you are using the coaster to protect your furniture from in the first place ! These are absorbent , attractive , have skid-resistant bottoms , and are a conversation starter .
 The best kind of coasters - they do n't slip around - they really are like &#34; rugs &#34; - gave as gifts for Christmas and were very well received .
 I love these coaster . They work very well and I think they go with any decor . They come in many colors and designs . They are a unique gift for anyone . I ordered these to give as a gift as I myself received them a couple of years ago as a gift and have gotten many compliments on them .
 This far the best coaster rug out their on the market . Stylish , durable and does not let the water soak through to your table . This is very east to clean also . I am buying 5 ot 6 sets as gifts for Christmas . I recommend this product to everyone , trust me you ca n't go wrong
 I used to have a mouse pad that looked like one of these things -LRB- Persian rug -RRB- . So I saw it and read set of 4 saw the price and thought wow great price for4 mouse pads . They are coasters not mouse pads . So they came and I was upsetwith myself for not reading correctly . Later that night I had a few friends overfor dinner . I pulled these babies out and my guests went wild . All the wiveswanted to know where I got them and my friends from Turkey went on and on aboutthe history of Persian rugs . These little , less than $ 20 , coasters drew moreattention than a $ 50 set of 4 stone coasters I already had . The only problem withthem is that I did n't have enough of them for all my guests to use one . It wasfunny to watch everyone trying to mule in on someone else 's coaster . So I alsoknow a really cool X-mas gift to get friends and not break the $ 20 barrier.It just goes to show that one should read and I mean really read before they clickthat last button but this sure turned out really good .
 These little `` magic carpet '' coasters are just adorable . But not only that , they work ! They are very absorbent and do not slide on my furniture . I wish they would make them in two sizes , this one and a bit larger ; I can think of a lot of uses for them ... The colors are bright , the finish impecable . I think I will order more and keep them in mind for small gifts . Love them !
 These are perfect coasters ! Better than the corkboard knock-offs and work better than any stone product out there . They look great too !
 I think I 've found the perfect coaster ! It actually does a coaster 's job and looks great doing it . The fibers easily absorb all the moisture and drips from glasses and cups , and the rubber backing makes sure the wetness never gets to the furniture . These are remarkably well-made , wonderfully sturdy , with rich , beautiful colors . And a miniature rug , fringe and all , as a coaster is just a charming idea . These are made in the USA , too ! I bought one set for myself , used them for awhile , and then bought two more sets for gifts . -LRB- Note that when you first open the package there is a `` rubber tire '' smell , but it disappears quickly . -RRB-
 I got these coasters over 3 years ago and they still look great after daily use . No signs of falling apart and so easy to wipe off if something spills on them . They help soak up moisture if you put a sweaty glass on them , and the glasses do n't slip off them even if they 're wet . They look so cute on my coffee table and everyone comments on them when they come over . If you like to read I would recommend getting the book rug , too .
 THESE ARE THE BEST COASTERS . THEY LOOK GREAT AND THEY ARE SOFT AND THE GLASSES DO NOT SLIDE OFF . HIGHLY RECOMMEND
 I 've been using a MouseRug for several years -LRB- I own two now -RRB- . These coasters , like the MouseRugs , are very handsome and beautifully detailedI had some old cork rounds as coasters and always had my eye on these.The cork rounds had a bad habit of sticking to the bottom of a hot cup of coffee , or to a cold glass that was sweating . These coasters stay put.The rubber like backing will not move until you want it too . They are dense and heavy enough to stay put when you lift your glass . The fine fuzz on the top absorbs all the drops that slide down the side of a cold glass with no problems . I 'm very confident that my furniture will never suffer any moisture damage with these coasters on the job.They are easily cleaned with a little dish soap . You can even lightly scrub them with a nylon brush . I 'm very happy I finally bought them . Now I see they have ROUND ones . Got to get those too .
 These are the best coasters I 've ever had . They are non skid and do n't slip on smooth surfaces . They absorb the sweat off a glass and do n't seem to get wet through . I 've got several sets that I use and always keep one handy .
 Like little Persian rugs with non-slip backing , these woven coasters are flat and putting drinks on them is never a balancing challenge . They absorb moisture and never seem to get wet . Love them .
 I got these coasters for the new furniture that got installed in the family room . I 'm happy to report that they work great in all categories.Absorption
 I have owned CoasterRugs for over six years . I love them.Unlike ceramic coasters , they do not break when dropped . Unlike ceramic , bamboo , wooden , or plastic coasters , beverages do not slide off due to condensation . Unlike cloth coasters , the silicone backing prevents condensation or extreme temperatures -LRB- hot or cold -RRB- to soak through and damage your table . They are easy to wash -- just throw them in a lingerie bag , toss them in the washing machine and allow them to air dry . -LRB- For a quicker everyday solution , just wiping them off with a sponge is usually sufficient . -RRB- After six years the colors are just as vibrant as when I purchased them . They are perfect for hot or cold beverages . AND they are really attractive . Friends are always commenting on how much they love my coasters . The only downside is since they are so appealing some untrustworthy visitors may try to steal one -- which is why I am on Amazon purchasing another set .
 I searched for years before finding these ; they do what they 're supposed to -- do n't stick to the glass , cup or table . Hold securely . Do n't `` sweat . '' One of the favorite products I 've bought in years . And I love the rug designs .
 I bought these for a Big Lebowski-themed party last month and was quite pleased . They 're good quality , thick and sturdy -LRB- they 're basically built like miniature mousepads , with fringe -RRB- . The price is a little high for only 4 coasters , but what the heck , they 're fun .
 For anyone who loves to use a planner to write down everything this is for you . I orignally used it as an undergrad due to the 24 hour set up being ideal . It was perfect to write down my classes , work , and evening meetings . My favorite part is the note set up on the side .
 Other then the relatively high weight , this planner has everything i was looking for which i could not find for anything in any of the stores i checked in .
 Nice and simple I did n't want figured bookends and these are great . They do n't say this but they do come in pairs . -LRB- I had gotten two just in case since it did n't say it . -RRB- I used them for my movies too not just books !
 excellent item . quick ship , great price . would definitely purchase again.excellent item . quick ship , great price . would definitely purchase again .
 Excellent service . Shipped on time . I would do business again with this seller . Thank you !
 Have had this phone for several years , and have loved the phone . They have withstood being smashed in the lazyboy -LRB- which gouged the exterior -RRB- , thrown across the room , and other roughhousing and still work great . The range is about 200 feet . The problem I have with it is replacement batteries are hard to find , if not impossible . They have stayed charged for 2 days straight and then need to recharge . Comfortable on the face , and clear sound . Like the intercom , etc. .
 This is a excellent book if your goal is improving your students ' conventions . I use it as a daily warm up and review the skills as I monitor student progress . There are 4 paragraphs for M-Th and on Friday there is a writing prompt based on the essays . I highly recommend this to other 6th grade teachers .
 I 'm very picky about hi-lighter pens because I want the highlighting I do to last and remain bright , even after my initial use . This pen offers that , namely , it stays bright yellow after months pass , even over a year , and it does n't bleed through paper -LRB- most paper -RRB- . Some really thin Bible pages may show through a bit . But Avery has quit making this fantastic hi-liter , instead keeping the ones that fade after a few months but getting rid of the model which stays bright past a year or more . I 'm always on the lookout for a supplier still selling these pens .
 This phone is replacing my Vtech 5.8 Ghz DSS phone after it overheated . The Vtech was not a true 5.8 Ghz ! It was 5.8 GHz from the base to the handset and 2.4 GHz back from the handset to the base -LRB- to save battery -RRB- . The Uniden True9465 IS a Complete 5.8 GHz ! I was able to determine this because I use X10 web cams throughout my house and have 1 connected to the TV next to my computer so I can overlook the driveway and side of the house . The X10 cam operates on a 2.4 GHz frequency and when I would use my VTech 5.8 GHz phone , the picture on my TV from the X10 cam would go fuzzy because of the interference , this is NOT true with the Uniden True9465 , and it does not affect my X10 camera.Now onto the phone . The phone is awesome . The sound quality is great and the features are endless . I had tried a previous Uniden phone -LRB- similar to this -RRB- and the quality was terrible and ended up returning it , so I was a little nervous and hesitant to order this , especially online . But I am very happy that I ordered this phone.Here are my Pros -LRB- and also best features -RRB- : * The handset is small and lightweight , but feels very comfortable when using it . * The bright orange backlight makes it great to read the LCD display in low light . * When you use the base to dial a # and then remove the handset from the base , it transfers the call automatically to the handset and turns off the speaker mic . My older Vtech did n't do that and I 'd get immediate feedback on the speaker . * The DND -LRB- Do Not Disturb -RRB- Button . Press this and it turns off the ringer on all the expandable phones , great when you want to have a peaceful evening ! * The large selection of ring tones and the ability to apply a ring tone to a specific address book listing . * The ability to update the time/date and other handset features globally . No more having to change each handset manually . * Room Monitor . Great Feature ! * The price ! Great price for a great phone with additional handset ! * The ability to copy the address book from the base or a handset to another handset . Now all my handsets can have the same address book ! * AND MORE!There are , no far , no CONS ! That 's right , NO CONS so far . This phone is awesome . A well planned and executed phone system by Uniden.As I continue to use this , I will update this review with any cons or problems I run into . -LSB- Edit 5/25/06 -RSB- I originally purchased this phone @ 84 dollars from Amazon and now it 's down to $ 64 . Amazon was gracious enough to give me a credit for the difference . Now the price REALLY is great and the phone is worth EVERY Penny ! -LSB- Edit 8/02/06 -RSB- As promised , I am updating my review . To me , a house phone is an important piece of equipment , one that you want to make sure you get your monies worth , which is why I am updating this review for future buyers.The phone is still working GREAT . I love this phone . The speakerphone works great , even when I am sitting 2-3 feet away from it . I love the fact that I can dial a number using the touchpad on the base in speaker mode and pick up the handset and the base switches off and transfer the call to the handset . When I had my previous Vtech phone and I dialed a # using the dial pad on the base and then lifted the handset , both units would be on and I 'd get terrible feedback and I 'd have to play the `` off '' button game to prevent the feedback.I do have a con though . Saved address book entries are not displayed with that particular person calls . For example , if I have my mom 's cell phone # saved in my address book titled `` MOM CELL '' , it wo n't display `` MOM CELL '' when she calls . Kind of defeats the purpose ; -RRB- Otherwise this phone ROCKS .
 The phone is great in many ways as noted by previous reviewers.One annoying thing is that the phonebook is n't synchronized between handsets , i.e. , you have to use the copy feature every time . Perhaps it 's for allowing the kids to have a different phonebook , although I would have preferred a feature to automatically synchronize with the base phonebook.The one warning I 'd like to give others is the inappropriate -LRB- automatic -RRB- recommendation for the TRU9460 , which appears in `` Better Together '' and in Customers who bought this also bought . The TRU9460 is a BASE unit with a wire to the phone jack . If you want to expand this base system , buy the TCX905 units !
 Pros : - Loaded with features -LRB- pretty much like a cell phone -RRB- . - Speaker phone on handset and Base . - Can maintain separate address books on each of the handset and base . Can transfer individual phone number or entire address book from one unit to another . - Good Looks and Ease of usage . - Light weight.Major Cons : - Handset speaker phone has very low volume -LRB- not good for a decent conversation -RRB- . Minor Cons : - Speed dial is not so ` speedy ' . Its a 2 step process - press and hold the number assigned for speed dial and then press the talk button . -LRB- the second step could have been eliminated -RRB-
 I acquired a TRU9465-2 a few days ago and bought an additional TCX905 handset the next day for another room . I must say that so far I am very impressed , having received compliments from telephone callers . Adding the extra handset took five seconds -- placing the fully-charged handset on the base station -- and required no other actions on my part.About the caller ID problem
 This phone is incredible , we have a 4000 square foot house with three floors not including the basement , the base is plugged into the phone line on the top floor , we get perfect coverage everywhere . To top it all off , this thing has every feature imaginable that allows you to talk to anyone in the house without shouting , it has a room monitor so you can check on the baby when you need , you can hit privacy if you dont want anyone to listen to your conversation , it 's easy to make sure each phone has a phone book and the handsets number themselves automatically . We have 8 handsets in the house the only thing I wish is that my family can put them back where they belong so they dont discharge , although the battery lasts for a long time and recharegs pretty quickly . Its perfect for our needs and exceeds many expectations .
 I just moved and got this phone for all the extra space I would now have . It 's a great phone with tons of wonderful features that I love . Even when using the speakerphone from the handset and not the base , people tell me they ca n't even tell they 're on speakerphone ! Unfortunately , maybe it 's the 5.8 , but I get a lot of static at the beginning of a call . It goes away after a minute or so . Perhaps it 's picking up other electronic signals ????? Other than that annoyance , it 's a great phone .
 I got this model Uniden phone set because it does n't operate on the same frequency as my wireless router . I 'm quite pleased . Sound quality is fine , there is no interference between the router or the handsets -LRB- I use VOIP service , so my phone base and my router are physically very close -RRB- and the controls are easy to use . The phone 's range is great - it reaches everywhere in the house , and almost the entire yard . Features like the intercom and room monitor are handy - no more shouting across the house or going upstairs to check on the sleeping kids . So far , so good .
 I read many of the reviews and then bought this phone . They 're great . I 've been using the base speakerphone in my home office and slide it to 18 '' from my mouth -LRB- next to my keyboard -RRB- . People do n't realize I 'm on a speakerphone.The features are great.To call back a Caller ID , just bring it up and then press '' * '' to add a 1 . One issue , the range is fairly short -LRB- 100 ' to 200 ' -RRB- though that might be due to the base being close to all my computer equipment .
 Love the convenience of the speaker phone , clarity of sound , message waiting indicator light for my voicemail -LRB- do not use an answering machine -RRB- and ability to share phonebooks between handsets .
 I researched phone reviews on multiple websites for days before ordering these phones and after using for about a month , they are performing perfectly . Great reception , can go all over our 2-story home as well as out in the yard with no problems in reception . It also has T-Coil for users that have hearing aids , which is a real plus and cuts down on that squelching noise on most phones when placed up next to a hearing aid . Phone rings are marginal at best , but I did n't buy the phone for the ringtones . I would definitely buy these again and will refer to anyone need a good home phone .
 It is made out of a sturdier plastic then most . I like the feel of it . Touch any button and the key pad lights up . Extremely easy to set up and so far I am very pleased with this phone . My 93 yr . old mother likes the larger buttons .
 This is a great telephone with an extra handset . It has a lot of features y good price .
 Our old phone system was on its last legs . I did some research and read as many reviews of cordless phone systems as I could . This seemed to be a solid choice . It is the first time I purchased a Uniden product , and the price seemed almost too good to be true when bundled with a second handset/charger . This phone is everything the reviews said . Great sound quality . Good range on the handsets . Lots of features - even a speaker phone on the handsets . An excellent choice and an amazing value .
 The reception and voice quality are excellent . The features are many ; the phones are well designed and easy to use . It 's hard to find anything negative about the phone system , but here 's a stretch
 I am very pleased with this product as it enables me to have a phone in my bedroom where there is no jack .
 They worked well for a while.Update
 I searched extensively for a high quality 5.8 ghz phone before I purchased this one , and I have been very happy with it . The phone talking / listening quality is excellent , the phone book feature that lets you copy phonebooks to the other phones in the set is fantastic , and they are good , sturdy phones . They really are the best ones out there right now . It was also important to me to have one with out a digital voicemail feature -LRB- since I pay the phone company for that -RRB- and this one met that requirement too !
 I have Vonage service and had a 2.4 Ghz phone system by Seimans . I was getting interferacne because the Vonage router and the 2.4 Ghz phones were using the same frequency . This was solved when I purchased the Uniden System . Clear sound with very easy setup . I recommend this phone system to everyone .
 This phone does everything that I expected it would . I have had no problems with it at all . I compared many phones before purchasing this one , and I chose this one because it met all of my needs . I love the speaker in the handset ! There is nothing that I do n't like about this phone .
 This phone is really good . Sound quality is excellent , features such as phonebook are easy to use . In my opinion it measures up to prior positive reviews .
 The Uniden TRU9465-2 Expandable Cordless System turned out to be as good as the reviews said it was . We really like the quality construction and features . I accidently dropped the handset once and it never skipped a beat . Works great , and the features are really appealing as well , like different ring tones for different callers , and built-in speaker phone right in the handset itself . VERY COOOL . I would without hesitation recommend this phone to anyone & everyone . As always , THANKS for reading my reviews and be well . The WebbMan
 Excellent value expandable cordless phone system . Lots of bells and whistles - some useful - others less so - at least for this user . Clarity of calls is very good . The 100 entry phone book memory is an advantage over most phone systems of this type currently offered and the ability to export the phone book wirelessly to the other phones in the system is terrific and saves having to program each phone separately . The only thing that I am less than happy about is that the voice message waiting indicator light seems to stop working occasionally and needs a reset to restore functionality . At other times the message light does not cancel after a message is deleted and again a reset is needed . Both these problems have occurred with other phones with message waiting lights that I have purchased in the past and the extent to which this is a phone service issue versus a phone hardware issue is unclear to me but it may indicate that this technology still has some ways to go before it is truly user friendly .
 The phone functions fine on the main unit , but the extension transmitter has a buzz which is annoying . I do not know if this is common and have not sought to have it rectified . The handsets are fine when used near the main base . The features on the phone are handy and the display is easy to read .
 I 've owned this phone for several months now and have added additional handsets to the system . I have yet to find something negative about this phone system or individual handsets . I use it with our IP service and it works great . No interference with the wireless network , excellent reach , good sound quality , long lasting battery . It 's also priced well at under $ 60 on Amazon and slightly more at several other large retailers .
 Based on price and functionality I feel this phone was a good buy . Only drawback is size of keypad .
 No problems - I was looking for a replacement to a 900 MHz phone that had given us good service for several years . This has been a good replacement with a few new features that are nice .
 This is a great unit at a great price . My problem is that I had upgraded from a previous 6 year old Vtech phone and this unit lacked the features of my older phone.The phone works and is a great value but if I could ... I 'd return it for a newer version of my old Vtech .
 great phone system fits it 's detailsperforms wellso far , no problemsSJ
 I bought phones from Buy Rite and paid top price for Motorola . They were gone in less than two years . These have been great so far and more funtionality . You can program numbers to your other phones from one .
 TEN times better at holding charge than our last expandable system , which was a Panasonic . We loved the Panasonic phones EXCEPT for the fact that the battery lost its charge way too often . I like the programmable songs for different callers and the fact that you can sync your saved numbers from one handset to another so that you do n't have to manually enter them separately . Talk time is pretty long too !
 After reading reviews here I went ahead and purchased the Uniden TRU9465 cordless phone . Simply , I 've had no probelms with voice quality and my entire family is quite pleased with many features of the cordless phone system .
 I purchased this phone system after visiting my brother who had them . I am now able to have phones where there were no phone jacks to plug them into . My husband loves the fact we can page anyone in the house from where we are , even in the garage . -LRB- no yelling downstairs -RRB- The room monitor is handy when guest are over and they want to lay the baby down for a nap . Over all we are thrilled with this purchase .
 We got these phones to replace an older version of the Uniden cordless system . The handsets are easy to use , the buttons are a little larger so they are easier to press and the handsets sit well on the shoulder . Good range and clarity . We are very happy with this new system .
 This Uniden Cordless Expeandable system is great , it has all the features that was described on Amazon 's page , sound quality is awesome and I can move from room to room without it breaking up the signal , it even works near other electronics that are said to of caused interference to this phone , do n't have any problems with the phone and plan on adding one more handset to this phone in the future , it is made very well to some phones which seem flimsy and has a easy to read LCD face , some of the features I have not used as of yet so I can not give my honest opinion on those yet , I have used the speaker phone on the base , it works nice , no problems with clarity of voice , so far I can tell you that this phone is worth every penny you spend , I have had many other brands of cordless phones and this one is by far the best one so far.Uniden TRU9465-2 Expandable Cordless System with Dual Keypad and Call Waiting/Caller ID and Exta Handset and Charger
 good price for a well made , solid phone system . its got all of the bells and whistles I wanted and then some , so its kinda overly complicated , but that seems to be the only drawback so far.Ok less then a year later the center button on the handset -LRB- the one that controls the ringer volume and caller ID etc -RRB- started sticking . Then around a month later it began to stick on the other handset as well . Now , neither center button on either handset will work . I am not happy . Now in order to view my caller ID , I have to check the base . But the worst part is that I can no longer adjust the ringer volume on either one EVER AGAIN .
 I rencently purchase another phone system from a company who shall remain nameless . After having these other phones only a few months I was so disgusted with them that I ordered this Uniden system . I could n't be happier ! They simply work great and have many more features than I have had in the past .
 Really liked the size , price , and features . Some of the features include the Dual Keypad , speaker phone , and Call Waiting/Caller ID . The Extra Handset is really nice . It has a speaker phone on both handsets as well as the base . This makes it really nice when you have family call and everyone in the house can hear them . I would recommend the phone system to everyone .
 The voice quailty and features of the Uniden TRU series are about the same as other dependable cordless phones . The 2 areas this Uniden excels in are :1 -RRB- EXPANDABILITY - up to 10 handsets on one base when most other accommodate up to 4 . Additional handsets are available everywhere .2 -RRB- EASY TO VIEW DISPLAY - the black on orange is much easier to read than the typical black on green , especially in the dark . The numbers are also larger and clearer .
 No problems or issues . Easy to use and to program . Speakerphone -LRB- both base and handsets -RRB- work well with good sound clarity .
 We are very happy with this phone set . It is very easy to use , voice quality is excellent . Like the way the caller id works , and since we have voice mail with the phone company appreciate the indicator light .
 We got this phone after purchasing a different one made by the same manufacturer that had alot of static . The only feature that would make this phone great , and is stopping me from giving it 5 stars , is an answering machine.I love the `` soft alert '' ring tone since I have a baby and a very small house ! The phone is great . It feels good in my hand and is easy to use .
 Best phone we 've owned . The fact that it is easily expandable was a big buying point . We have added a third handset and it 's been great . We have also enjoyed using it as a baby monitor at times .
 Most of what is written here in other reviews is accurate so i will list only the gripes ... Every once in a while , it drops the call -LRB- maybe 1/50 + so not a big issue -RRB- . If it happens , simply hit the speak button on the Base unit -LRB- the speaker-phone on the base is excellent , as most reviews have stated -RRB- . Forget using the Battery Bars for any indication of remaining power . Fully charged , 3 bars ; after 10 min of use you are down to 2 bars and , 10 more minutes and you are down to 1 bar where it stays until the battery runs out , hours later -LRB- and then only a 30 sec warning before it shuts off -RRB- . Dont rely on the Bars ... If you use a Headset -LRB- i do almost exclusively -RRB- , get one with the right impedance and it works flawlessly -LRB- i use plantronics M214C - $ 30 -RRB- . My window A/C unit interferes with transmission -LRB- lots of static -RRB- . This was not the case on a previous 2.4 Ghz phone . Fortunately , i rarely need to turn the air on -LRB- and i simply plug in a corded phone for those really hot days -RRB- . Central A/C does not affect the phone.Otherwise , its an excellent phone with great features and a great price so i am happy with the purchase -LRB- and i run a small business using it -RRB- .
 I absolutely love this product . I have not only the extra handset provided in this package but several other handsets around the house as well . One of its great features is that you need only one phoneline for the main unit and all the others just need to be plugged in to an electric socket . The extra handsets are registered to that one main phone and work off its signal . Another great feature is when inputting names and telephone numbers . You can copy the information to all the other handsets without going through the hassle of rekeying everything again . Also , this phone is equipped to work with my Verizon voicemail system . When a message is placed in my voicemail my main phone and all the other handsets have a blinking light indicator to let me know that a message -LRB- s -RRB- are waiting for me.For me , I found this product to be a great value , well made , clear reception , and awesome features . Buying this product has been a positive experience for me .
 I searched and searched before I decided to purchase the Uniden TRU9465 . You can find this unit packaged in many ways - base alone , base + 1 handset , etc.This phone is loaded with features that you 're sure to love . For starters , you do n't need phone lines all over the house to add the extensions -LRB- which can be purchased separately as needed -RRB- . I picked this unit specifically because I did not need/want an answering machine -LRB- I use phone company voicemail -RRB- . But it does have voicemail alert with a flashing LED on top of each handset to let you know you 've got a voicemail message . This feature works just fine , but with the small mom-n-pop phone company I 'm on , I sometimes have problems with the voicemail indicator being cleared after checking voicemail messages . But there is also an easy procedure on the base for clearing the indicator.Other great features include the ability to page the other handsets directly using a menu on the phone . You can set extension names on the individual handsets so those names appear in the intercom list . The system also has a 100 name/number directory that can be copied to one or all of the handsets . You can set distinctive ringing patterns to incoming calls based on caller id in your directory.This phone system keeps us from having to run upstairs all the time to let our teenagers know they have a phone call - which used to happen quite regularly . My wife also loves the ability to use the intercom feature to let everyone know that dinner is ready . No more yelling around the house and hoping that the other person hears you.The other great thing about this phone is that it operates on the 5.8 GHz frequency , so you wo n't have to worry about potential interference from your wireless network adapters or bluetooth devices .
 I purchased this pair of Uniden phones after we accidentally lost our previous Uniden handset.The phones are exceptionally durable and crystal-clear when in use.A feature we use often is the different ring tones that are available . We are able to select different ring tones for the different phone numbers that appear on the caller ID . Simply by the way the phone rings , we know who is calling . There is no need to even look at the caller ID.We love to use the handset speaker , because it 's so loud and clear . The people whom we talk to do n't even know they 're on speaker phone . Trust me I 've asked them and they all say , `` we had no idea we were on speaker . `` The base works well also and is easily usable when the handsets are not nearby.I recommend this phone and believe you will enjoy it as much as we have .
 I have been using this phone for the past 3 weeks , I bought this to replace my Vtech i5857 which I owned for a year . I loved the color screen for the vtech , the screen on this is orange . This uniden though is loaded with features , I especially like the fact that you can program all the phones at once , without having to do them one at a time . My only problem is with the caller i.d , with the vtech when the number is programmed into the phone , that 's the name and number that shows up when that person calls . With the uniden it 's different . The phone directory is basically useless with your caller i.d function . Every other feature is good . The range is great , the speaker phone function on all handsets , including the base is perfect for those calls that put you on hold , it leaves your hand free for other things . The volume is good and so is the ringer . I would personally recommend this phone , but I think I should have just bought another vtech i5857 with the accessory handset instead .
 I purchased the Uniden TRU9465-2 along with 4 additional handsets -LRB- for 6 total -RRB- after I returned the very expensive top of the line , all style no function - Vtech i5871 . The Vtech i5871 was just a pathetic performer in everyway , and the cost for the basephone along with 5 additional handsets was over $ 500 ! Not enough time or space to even begin the list of how the Vtech fails miserably - just stay away.The Uniden has been a breath of fresh air and an excellent performer . What the consensus of many positive Amazon reviews indicate and what Consumer Report says about this phone are true . I will only add a couple of tips . I am a bigtime speakerphone user - and it 's got ta sound right . Nothing more annoying than tin can , distant cave , sounding speakerphones . This is an excellent speakerphone . Perhaps the volume through the listening speaker could be a little louder , but you can even tweak that . If you are holding the phone , cup your hand behind the rear facing speaker to reflect the sound back to you , or you can even use the belt clips and they will do the same thing to a lesser extent . But as I said , the volume -LRB- as is -RRB- really is n't a problem.TIP
 I recently went through a thorough research for a new phone system , going through research and test purchases.The main criteria were :1 -RRB- Good sound quality -LRB- most of the decent cost ones are okay -RRB- 2 -RRB- Very good handset speakerphone quality -LRB- Ca n't stress how important this is to me , and how different quality is among brands/handsets -RRB- 3 -RRB- work with voicemail -LRB- like sunrocket -RRB- message waiting indicator . If a system has an answering machine it ca n't do voicemail message indicator light.Most other features are pretty common across models/brands . Battery life is okay not that great with most 5.8 Ghz systems.The best phone I 've had is a 900Mhz DSS Sanyo bought in 1997 , but they stopped making or selling in the US.I was n't looking for cheap and upto a point price was n't a concern.The winner is
 I 've had this phone for a few weeks and really like it . It has a lot of features , is easy to program and figure out , and the sound quality is quite good . I wanted a separate key pad on the base , but I did n't need a land-line phone attached to it - so the universe I was looking at was somewhat reduced . I bought and returned a GE-25841GE3 , which had bad sound quality . I have no complaints about this phone at all . I 'm rating it 4 rather than 5 only because I do n't use Caller ID , and it appears from other reviews that there may be some issues there . Otherwise , I think this phone rocks !
 best performance , have a lot of futures , from different rings to room monitor , diect link like walkie talkie and multi connection of multiple handset.I bought the set of 2 handset with the base , for 63.00 free shipping a deal . I am very satisfied , and I do raccommend it , Uniden is the best.From 2.4 Ghz to 5.8 Ghz there a big difference , especially if you have a wireless network .
 Speakaphone feature is crystal clear for both speaking and hearing.Very easy to use.Display is clear and visible.Would buy it again !
 This phone has suited our needs perfectly . It has many good features and the sound quality is excellent . It 's attractive and easy to learn to use .
 I like the global setup in that you can choose your options from either the base or a handheld ; I used this recently to change the time to DST . I also like having the speaker available on each handheld and the base , so I can use speakerphone no matter what room I 'm in . The `` find handset '' has come in handy , too . Of course , if you need to , you can dial straight from the base and use the speakerphone . I have n't had the time to look into the other features yet , so I 'm no help there.The only problem I have with it is that it does n't record calls on the caller ID when I 'm on the internet -LRB- I have dial-up -RRB- . Other than that , I 'm happy with the purchase . However , I do wish I had bought a phone with an answering machine . Overall , it 's a good phone set .
 These phone are great . We love the features and could n't find them on any other phone . The speaker quality is great as well and the people do n't even know you are on a speaker . I work at home and am on the phone all day and it has taken me 2 years to find the perfect phone with no issues !
 We have this set-up with 4 handsets . More features that we really need but the system is exactly what we need and it 's nice that you do n't have to worry about mismatched phones/chargers .
 I have used Uniden cordless phones before and have been very satisfied with the quality of their products . I needed one extra handset for my home office which I bought from Amazon site.It works very well with my existing base set TRU 9465 . Full marks Uniden .
 I love Uniden and their products . When my last phone went dead a year ago I was devestated . I had had it for years and every new one I tried had bad sound quality and interferenc . Until this awesome purchase . This phone has everything and is everything I need . The 5.8 GHz technology provides excellent sound quality all the time . I have the main base on my desk and the extra handset by my bed . I have had this phone for over a year now and after its initial charge the phones have always worked perfectly . I keep them in the bases when not in use of course.I have caller id thru my phone company and it displays perfectly on the base and handset . if I am on the phone and get a call it will also show that number . The handsets are perfectly shaped and fit my ear and mouth perfectly . The speed dial is so easy to install and use.I praise everything about this sleek , attractive , user friendly telephone set . Uniden is the best and purchase this phone for the highest quality and zero problems.Highly recommend .
 I have had no problems with this phone so far . I have had it 3 or 4 weeks . I especially like the feature that allows you to copy numbers in the `` phone book '' from one phone to the next with just a touch of a button . Though this phone is fairly simple . I probably will buy another hand set , a third phone , later .
 I finally found a phone I have no problems with no matter where in the house or yard I use it . The microwave interfered with my last uniden but this one works perfectly . I love the ease of turning off the ringer , and I LOVE LOVE the room monitor feature - especially that it does n't alert he person in the room that they are being monitored -LRB- do n't want to wake the baby or let my older boys know I 'm checking in on them ! -RRB- I only wish the caller ID did n't delete the times the caller called if they call from the same number more than once . But , that 's hardly a big deal when all the other features are everything I need ! FINALLY!You ca n't go wrong with this set ! -LRB- and I am a hard person to please , I 've been thru several cordless phones before being happy with this one ! -RRB-
 These are really better than a 4 star rating so I gave them a 5 ... Easy setup and programing . Use of address book & CID a breeze , very user friendly . The sound and reception are fine for my use , I 've never tried them out of our property boundry but they cover our 2 acre lot with ease . We have 3 handsets total and plan to get 1 more . My 1 gripe is that you ca n't copy phonebook numbers in the base to all the handsets at once . Except for that I think CR was right on the money .
 After going through 3 phones that would not hold a charge worth anything , this is the best purchase I could have made ! So many wonderful features , but most importantly BATTERLY LIFE !!!! Also , I could not get over how clear the sound is ! Our old phone would only log caller ID for calls we would miss and sometimes it would miss some . This logs EVERY call ! I love that ! Also , you can page each other if you have multiple handsets . The base can be used as a speaker phone - so can the phone . This is easy to set up too . Did n't take me long at all to set up and enter all of our friends/family . Plenty of memory ! I would highly recommend this phone !
 This system works great . Good range , clear sound.Not sure why some people had a problem transferring phone # 's entered on one handset to the other . If you read the manual , it explains how to do it very easily.Easy to use , easy to enter # 's . I was looking for a 5.8 ghz system -LRB- so as not to interfere with my 2.4 ghz wireless router -RRB- with multiple handsets , but without an answering machine - a hard to find combination . I only wish it came with 3 handsets instead of just two . I will probably add another eventually.I looked at a lot of models and this one had the most to offer for the money .
 I wo n't bother listing all of the good things about this phone -LRB- and there are many -RRB- because others have already done so . So , this just leaves my complaints :1 . I can not find an easy way to add a 1 in front of the phone number when returning a call from caller ID that has a different area code , without either entering the number by hand or saving it to the address book and editing the number .2 . The message waiting light only indicates messages on the machine and not on voice mail . I would have preferred a phone with no answering machine as i use voice mail , but could not find one with all of the other features that i wanted.Overall a very nice phone .
 The phone is very good . Voice clarity and quality is excellent . The battery lasts a long time and recharges very quickly . The only complaint I have is that it does not always decode caller ID information . I get `` Unknown Caller '' very often . However , when I look at my answering machine -LRB- AT&T wired phone -RRB- , the caller ID is displayed .
 I did a bit of research and the Uniden TRU9465 offered all the essential features that I needed -LRB- especially , message indicator from my phone service voice mail , speaker phones , multiple handsets utilizing a single phone outlet -RRB- while online reviews suggested that the Uniden TRU9465 was a quality phone . The TRU9465 has so far delivered as expected.There are quite a number of Uniden phone models and you may need to sort through the feature sets to make the best decision for yourself.On Wireless Reception : I live in a rather long apartment with a hallway that takes a couple of turns that connects six rooms in sequence . My office is at the back of the building and my living room is at the front . I have the base unit located against the back exterior wall of the building in my office as my favorite feature , utilizing the speakerphone in the base through a convenient one-touch button is most needed in that location . Wireless reception to the base from a handset is clear throughout the apartment except when I walk to the front living room and turn the corner . I almost expected that would be the case given the layout of the apartment . I do n't know if other phones would handle the layout better or worse . -LRB- FYI , there is currently no wireless computer network in my apartment though there are five or so networks in nearby apartments/buildings . -RRB- On Features : The handsets will ring using a ring set specific to the calling number but the base unit has only a fixed default ring . Both will ring concurrently or you can turn one or the other off . I turned off the base unit ring so I only get the caller-specific ring on the handset . The base unit flashes adequately so I wo n't miss a call if there is no handset in the office at the time a call comes in.The one-touch speakerphone in the base unit is my favorite feature which works great when I 'm at my desk and need to reach over to quickly answer a call while continuing to use my computer . The handsets have speaker phones but it 's not a one-touch hands-free feature . What I 'd really like is the one-touch speakerphone in my office and at bedside and in the kitchen . I set the Autocall feature ` on ' so at least answering a call with the handset is a one-grab operation.I see a trade off in having multiple handsets that share a single base/network/phone outlet vs. multiple base units each offering the one-touch speakerphone feature . I will need a third handset or a second base in the future and will need to think through what will work best for me .
 This phone replaces the Panasonic system , which I returned to Amazon -LRB- and received full credit for ... they always come through ! -RRB- a month or so back.I originally had a Uniden system with a base and one other station , which went dead after 3-4 years . I got `` adventurous '' and ordered the Panasonic as a replacement ... what a mistake . I already wrote a review on that piece of plastic junk , so new use in rehashing it here . Besides , this is a review of the Uniden system , and in a word , it 's `` perfect . `` The sound quality is outstanding , set up is intuitive and easy , the phone feels substantial without being bulky ... and it works !!! Really , nothing more needs to be said ... this phone is perfectly suited to my home and home office needs . I did learn one lesson though ... stick with a winner . When this one bites the dust -LRB- and they all do at some point -RRB- , I 'll replace it with another Uniden system . I guess I ca n't give a better recommendation than that , can I ?
 Uniden TRU9465-2 5.8 GHz Digital Expandable Cordless Phone with Dual Keypad and Extra HandsetThis is the third phone system like this that I own . They have functioned very well . I would buy this phone system again .
 I bought it because it had a keyboard in the base station . This can be important if you leave the phones all over the house.Very good phone , good range , good clarity , good speaker phone . Reasonable price . My only concern is that the batteries only go about 2 days until yhou have to return them to the base for a recharges .
 I spent so much time reading reviews and worrying about all the qualities people were griping about . In the end , this phone works well , has good sound quality , fun ring-tones and you can be on both lines at once . I love having the base for speakerphone . For the reasonable person looking for an easy-to-use and good phone , this is great .
 I am very satisfied with this phone . The battery is much longer than that of motorola and speakerphone is good .
 only negative comment is that to delete a caller ID you have to do it separately on the base + each handset
 Pro 's 2 cordless handsetsCaller IDContacts stored same as cell phones doGlobal set up for each phoneHandset specific to each hand setRing tone assigmentsOperation is very similar to a cell phone.Has a `` Do Not Disturb '' option that turns off all ringers including and from the base.Fits in my pocket.Could be betterBase speakerphone clarity.LCD screens are orange with black text . Not so great on the eyes . -LRB- at least for me -RRB- Something in my neighborhood from time to time causes interference . Nothing in my neighborhood has changed so I know it 's the phone . Interference was never a problem with my previous Uniden .
 I have had many laser pointers both red and green . The red ones seem to work great while the green ones are dim sometimes then get brighter . This red laser pointer works great everytme I push the button for a few months now . Good product .
 I Have used this pointer for several months now , and it still works GREAT ! I have owned several cheap red pointers , and have had problems with switch failure , where at first you have to press the switch * just right * to get the pointer to turn on , then later , it will not turn at all ... Bummer ! The switch on this unit works very well!The 635 nanometer wavelength is more of an orange-red color and shows up much brighter than the deeper red color produced by less expensive units .
 I use this to make my cats chase the light.It keeps them amused and tires them out so I can get some sleep .
 It 's an excellent product , really . It looks kinda orange , and god I hate button batteries , so the AAAs are a major advantage . It 's bright too , not like those cheep things you can get at the store . I was playing with a magnifying glass , and I actually got it to smoke a black candle wick , so it 's definately 5mw . It 's a sleek design . Everything 's black , and it 's not that rubberized stuff either . It 's smaller than all those other pointers , and it 's actually more of the size of a pen.But then came the problem with the button . Just once in a great while you have to maybe press it juuuust right , or else it 'll work at like 2mw and 0.5 mw or not at all . But this problem does n't persist . It 's working fine right now . Just maybe 1 time out of 50 it wo n't work properly . But it 's like if you will it to work , it 'll fix itself.Overall , I love this thing . It 's a deep red orange ; a treat for the eyes . The button is n't really a problem to be honest . I 'd buy this again , maybe for a friend I have n't yet met whose enthused with lasers as I am .
 The first one of these I bought failed after two weeks . That was back in 2008 . I posted a not so good review and was soon contacted by the seller . He made things right by sending me a new one and I removed my bad review . I must have just got the one bad one of the bunch the first time around . This new one has been great . I would like to share a story with you all.One of my nephews is a single parent . He has a 6 year old daughter that I see after once or twice a week while he goes to night school . I have two dogs and she loves to play with the dogs by pointing the laser while the dogs chase it around the house . The first snowfall we had in December she took the laser pointer outside with the dogs -LRB- I did n't know this until this month -RRB- . She made a snowman in the back yard and lost the laser pointer in the snow . I just bought a new metal detector a few weeks ago and was trying it out in the back yard . I was in the spot where she made the snowman and found the pointer . I was a glad to find it but a little upset at the same time because she had denied taking it outside . I thought that I had misplaced it somewhere . It was about a half an inch in the ground . it had been there since December and when I pushed the button the light came on . Now thats what I call a good product . I would buy another one but the way this thing is I wo n't have to .
 Black folders look great . For organization , having all black folders is nice because it 's a neutral color and forces one to pay attention to the file labeling exclusively.Service from Shoplet and Amazon was excellent . I received the product sooner than I expected .
 These folders fit inside hanging folders , allowing you to still see the label on the hanging folder . In effect creating subfolders . The lighter interior color makes it easier to see hand-written labels .
 The gray interior contrasts beautifully with the black and looks great . They are n't heavy-duty , just so you 're aware , but they are stylish .
 Folders are pretty nice . Some what reinforced . Black in colors but not rich black . A bit washed out . Almost more of a dark charcoal gray . Has the slots to put in a label tab on either side . This was important to me . I have some folders already that only provide those slots on one side . I will most likely buy again .
 Black on the outside , grey on the inside - strong little folders that stand out against the manila folders everyone else uses . They look very professional and elegant for a folder .
 These black Pendaflex File Folders are just what I 've been looking for . The black color for me is serious , business-friendly and does n't distract me from my purpose for being at my desk . They are well made and I like the 1/3 cut . I do wish , however , that they were just a little sturdier . But , all-in-all , a good value and I 'd purchase them again . Now no more excuses for the paper clutter !
 Black file folders with a lighter tab area to write label on are impossible to find ! These are great
 These look very good on my desk . . somehow red , yellow or green files do not look as professional ...
 I really like this pen and pencil set . Comfy , not too big , simple but professional , and not too expensive . There was a little mishap with my shipment , but I contacted the merchants customer support and it was resolved fairly quickly .
 Bought this to complete the set of sizes - this is the largest capacity my binding machine can handle . Allows you to bind up to 300 pages if you print double sided .
 These were great quality at a great price exactly what I needed . I have a lifetime supply now I think .
 Used these bindings to put together medium sized projects instead of using three-ring binders . Price for binding reasonable . Easy to use .
 The plastic binding is well made - not a cheap thin plastic that is likely to break when stretched apart . Holds up very well , looks good and makes a nice finished appearance when installed .
 For plastic comb bindings they are what they are - what more can I say . They do the job they were intended to do .
 I needed ink quickly as the last batch from a `` refiller '' place that I bought was defective . I needed both cartridges for my printer but did n't think I 'd use the pack of paper that came with the set ... surprise , I 've used it to print out pictures already.Ink was fresh and paper was just what I needed !
 Cartridges were as advertised and shipped fast.I will repeat business with them.Amazon is THE online shopping experience.I always find competitive pricing and bargains .
 This ink is hard to find , is a bit expensive , but you save if you get it in a combo with the paper .
 This product may not have been name brand but it is just as good with a buch better price . This was received earlier than expected with no problems . I would recomend this product to any one who is in an office .
 This sits on my desk and I use it nearly every day . It works great for simple math I need to do every day . The buttons are big and push easily . The screen is clear . Twin power means it works on battery or solar energy so it always has power . I only wish it had a few more digits on the screen . Eight digits is enough to get me to hundreds of thousands with cents . I would prefer to be able to get into the millions with cents , so ten digits would be better for my needs .
 We purchased this calculator to help a grand son with math . It has been a good investment . He now has his GED as well as a good job.Thanks Amazon .
 All in all it has been an invaluable , dependable , durable tool and I would n't want to do without it . THE PROS
 I bought this for my husband and myself when we were planning our trip to Turkey . I was a bit apprehensive about going at all but after doing some research decided that the best thing I could do was to buy this translator . At least we would be able to communicate!The reviews here were n't very helpful at all and so I wanted to write and say that both my husband and I think this is a clever and ingenious piece of work . First of all , it has a huge vocabulary . The fact that you can just carry this itty-bitty thing around instead of a big dictionary was really a revelation for us.In the end , we were at a resort where almost everyone spoke English BUT on several occasions -LRB- in a taxi , in several shops and especially at the drugstore -RRB- we were able to make good use of it . Not only were we successful at communicating with it but also everyone we spoke to was curious to see how it worked.So , no matter what anyone tells you , see for yourself .
 Would James Bond use this device ? Ah ... no . However his young nephew on a continental tour might find it helpful in a pinch . Physically , it 's what it appears to be
 First of all I have never thought such a small and light device could INSTANTLY translate into 10 languages ! I have traveled all over Europe -LRB- 15 countries -RRB- with it . I often found very useful the common travel phrases and words in different languages . If I had taken all the necessary usual dictionaries with me , I would have had to pay for overweight ;-RRB- It is much more comfortable than traditional phrase-books - no pages to turn.And I am really satisfied with it - for such a low price - it is really worth it .
 This translator was very helpful for me when I went to visit a friend in Germany . Until I met up with her and had her as my translator , this helped me get where I needed to go ! I recommend this product !
 Well , I must say that this little thing is amazing . I just came back from doing the Grand Tour -LRB- England , France , Germany , Czech Republic , Italy , Spain , France again , and Belgium -RRB- and found that with this in my pocket I was able to really communicate . What I think is probably the most useful function of this small device is the instant phrase translation to and from any of 10 included languages . I only know a bit of Spanish so I ca n't say how accurate the other translations are but the English-Spanish travel part was great . I was really glad to have it with me because although my Rough Guide had a small phrasebook in it , it was n't something I could depend on .
 i went actually went to germany and this little translator did the trick ! it was great to be able to communitcate with so many people with just the press of a button ! It has so many features , including the actual sound of the words . If you 're a traveler or even a student of german , this is something you HAVE to have !!!
 Tiny , lightweight , and LOUD!It works great , for the money , easy to use , lots of verbal annunciation capability . Nice product.But my kitties think it is a puck .
 Already have this clock and ordered another one . If you 're hard to get up and might sleep through the snooze alarm - no problem . You have the capability of setting the alarm four different times - sort of like having four alarm clocks . Has a high and low volume set . Is compact for travel .
 We ordered this for our child who needs help waking up in the middle of the night to pee . It works great . Thanks for a great product that is a reasonable cost .
 It does what it says it will do , and the voice used is pleasant to hear . UNfortunately , it was not the solution to my mother 's difficulty with time .
 Very happy with clock . Have set time and alarms which it speaks the time hourly plus for all four alarms which repeats for a period of time . The hourly time and the alarms are heard clearly which is important to me because I do not use this clock to look at but to hear . Very happy customer : -RRB-
 I am in a country where the electricity is not always stable , so a battery-operated alarm was essential . I love this alarm and am thinking of purchasing another one .
 This is a great phone . I have used it for a week for the usages :1 -RRB- Regular conference call in speaker phone functionality from Home with co-workers from office . Great .2 -RRB- Log on PC to check on-line MSN friends and # of emails .3 -RRB- Use Windows Live call to people on line -LRB- quality is just as good as regular phone call -RRB- 4 -RRB- 5.8 G will not mess your 2.4 G home NetworkOverall , best phone I had .
 This phone lives up to everything it has to offer with regard to features . The only problem I found is that the battery life does n't last too long . Within the first 8 months or so the talk time was excellent now it 's down to just under an hour . Also the range is n't as good as expected .
 This product is awesome , you have to know how to work the phone . I have bought 8-9 of these phones so far . They are perfect for saving money when calling from the US to the Philippines or Canada . We are sending them to all my family members outside the U.S.It more than pays for itself in the first month . The beauty of this product is you are no longer tied to the computer you can treat it as a regular phone . Oh by the way the phone calls are free . How much are you paying the phone companies . Just awesome product .
 First , you need to know that I know absolutely NOTHING about plotter paper . We need 36 '' wide paper for a project . We were thrilled to find a 150 ' roll of it for such a great price , and that it is `` translucent '' was a big plus . `` Translucent '' means see-through so we were thinking more like a tracing paper . This roll is white . We can see through it well enough , it 's just not what we were expecting.However , it 's reeeeeaaaaally good paper and the price per roll from this company ca n't be beat so I 'm giving it 5 stars .
 I started with packet8 2 years ago . I have been very heppy with the service and have saved a minimum of about $ 10/month for the last 2 years over other Vendors.About 6 months ago , I started having some line problems . I started a case on the website and was emailed the next day by a technician that told me I should check the software version of my packet8 `` box '' . I followed the directions and updated the firmware , which cleared up the problem.Lastly Packet8 recently sent to their customersout a `` VOIP Quality & Connectivity Speed Test '' . What I found out is that voice quality is directly proportional to total line speed and amount of throughput available during the call . Meaning if I am downloading a big file , streaming music and talking on the packet8 line , I better have a big `` pipe '' of internet connectivity or my call will not sound very good.I recommend that everyone consider that VOIP -LRB- no matter what company you deal with -RRB- is dependant to your internet connection . If you are paying for the cheapest , lowest DSL connection available , do n't blame Packet8 for spotty calls while you surf/download/stream .
 I just got my UIP165P today . Very easy to set up , especially compared to other internet related equipment . Within 10 minutes I was calling my spouse and pretending to be a stalker . -LRB- Do n't worry , she figured it out in 2 seconds . -RRB- We use packet8 at work so I was not worried about the quality for my home service . Quality is top notch . I have to boast to people that I 'm using VoIP . They do n't believe me . I grin when I think I 'm calling them for a flat rate fee of $ 19.99 a month . Packet8 quality is amazing . The phone to my wife is just like a regular phone . Dial 7 digits for local numbers , 11 digits for long distance . Unlimited calling to those numbers for the $ 19.99 a month . The service comes with a bunch of call features . My favorites are `` follow me , find me '' which calls your office and/or cell phone if you 're not in , and `` email notification of new voicemail '' . Sweet ! When are Qwest and Verizon going to do things like that for $ 19.99 . NEVER . And then they 'll die and no one will care . Ha . They stole my money for too long and now I 'm VoiP and free.I got Packet8 to replace my Skype service . Skype is not wife friendly for several reasons . Two main reasons is that it requires the computer to be on and you need to dial an international number to call your next door neighbour . I 've written to customer service and they are really stubborn about making it easier . Also , they do n't support 911 . I did n't get Vonage because they do n't offer my 970 area code . I ca n't expect my neighbours and close family to call me long distance just when I live down the road . Besides , Vonage charge $ 25 a month and their customer service is REALLY bad.Packet8 , I 've decided , is the very best VoIP can be . Great quality , easy to use -LRB- just like a traditional phone -RRB- and a great deal . Highly recommended .
 I agree with some of the other reviews that Packet8 -LRB- now 8x8 -RRB- requires some learning and a bit of additional effort . For example , you need a very good router that includes `` quality of service '' -LRB- QoS -RRB- and other features that make `` voice over Internet protocol '' -LRB- VoIP -RRB- function well . We use the D-Link DGL-4100 gaming router with gigabit Ethernet along with a D-Link 16-port switch for our house , which is admittedly pretty advanced . However , I think that you can achieve the same good results with a comparable router that includes wireless -LRB- which we achieve with Apple Airport Extreme units -RRB- . You also need good bandwidth , which costs more through your Internet service provider . With these things in place , though , Packet8 delivers . It 's easy to set up -LRB- easier for me because we 've had it at my office for about a year with excellent results -RRB- . The features are fantastic and all controlled via Packet8 's online portal . Being able to block calls -LRB- incoming or outgoing -RRB- is worth the minor effort above . Packet8 also includes a `` find me , follow me '' feature that lets you forward calls to a cell or other phone and then screen whether you want to take them ; if not , the call returns to voice mail of your Packet8 phone . Lastly , you can even attach your `` old , '' more traditional telephone system to this Uniden unit and use it as an additional wireless set if desired . In summary , Packet and Uniden deliver very good results with a little effort that will make the rest of your Internet experience better as well .
 Sharpie markers are like post-it notes . You have to have them and they do what you expect them to . Colors are true to cap colors . They are not meant to be paint brushes , even though they get used that way so they might seem like HP Print Cartridges -LRB- always running out of ink -RRB- , but they do n't dry up like them . 12 colors is really more than one needs . They should ditch the yellow or lime as they are hard to see anyway and add a second black marker .
 They are genuine sharpie markers that work just like all other sharpies I 've ever used . And they come in 12 colors ! If only silver were part of this collection , maybe instead of yellow which can be hard to read on some surfaces .
 These sharpies are great . They work really well . I also got them quicker then I expected . -LRB- around 4 days -RRB- Excellent product !
 I am literally never without a Sharpie ~ I have two on my desk , one by the door , one in my purse , one next to my bed , one in the kitchen , and from time to time one hanging on a lanyard around my neck ~ grabbing this 12 pack let me refill all my little Sharpie hiding spots and give a few to the kids too . ; - -RRB-
 product is very good just what i wanted price was right i 'm happy with transaction
 Here 's another great deal on Sharpie permanent markets . I love having packs of assorted colors around . This way , you can color coordinate personal labels for each family member , or as an extra way to distinguish one set of business files from another . A terrific deal .
 The best fax machine I ever had . I own a shipping/packaging store and sending and receiving faxes is one of the services the store offers ... Heavy duty and economical with almost no breakdown at all ... I have had the previous one -LRB- this is my second -RRB- for close tp 4 years working full time and sending 40 to 100 pages a day ... Great product .
 Works well and a great value . We have n't used it a ton yet but so far it 's very easy to use and prints very clear incoming docs .
 My job requires that I send a 23 to 25 page fax about 5 days a week . The 4100E handles it effortlessly , rarely do I have to refax anything ! It does n't care if it 's legal or letter size paper , not a problem !
 We had an ancient fax machine so had nowhere to go but up . However , we are very happy with this machine . It is fast , fairly easy to understand . Have n't had it for very long so do n't know how it will stand up . Should last a while since we get and send very few faxes .
 I had one before.I use it for a fax only . It did a good job till it started getting to light to read . a new drum didnt help . I had a drum and 1 & a 1/2toner so why not buy another .
 The item came as scheduled . Very prompt service . We already have one of these machines and purchased this second unit to compliment our expanded operations . A + + + + +
 Purchased for a mid sized company and have several of the same units already in use . This machine is a work horse that will stand the test of time . Highly Recommend this brand and model .
 Have the identical machine as we require multiple fax sttations in our office . This machine is a workhorse , processing hundreds of pages per day . One important note is that using remanufactured drums may cause significant issues . We use the remanufactured toner , but using the drums ended up causing the machine to make a terrible grinding noise . Replacing it with a genuine Brother drum was all it needed to run well .
 I installed to find the LCD screen and entire key panel did n't have any life . I searched for the cause to find that the panel power link was not attached to the panel and after some creative use of a letter opener got it plugged in . Plugged the power back to the fax and configured the machine . Works great just had a hiccup in the beginning .
 We 've used Brothers faxes for over ten years now , and this latest version is the same high quality as previous models . Very fast . The capability to store A LOT of numbers for clients and vendors is helpful in our business . One drawback
 All the 5-star reviews here convinced me to try this one . I am now joining the 5-star parade.This is a silky smooth fax machine and laser printer . I still have an older computer with WIN2K and LPT1 port . I downloaded the drivers hooked up the 4100e with an old parallel cable I had laying around , rebooted , pointed the install wizard to the downloaded driver and voila , I not only have a fast and dependable fax machine but one of the best laser printers I have ever used . Paired with `` Hammermill Laser Print '' 24lb 98-bright paper the quality is awesome.Setup is easy , and do n't be fooled by the smallish LCD , the amount of customization you can easily do is extensive . If you need a great laser fax machine , look no further . Buy this one now .
 There is no comparison - This is the easiest and best fax machine I have ever used .
 This is the `` Best Fax '' I have ever used ... Its so easy to use and I am shocked on how clear the faxes come in ! I work with alot of fine print legal contracts and I am so amazed when I recieve my faxes they look like originals ... I would highly recommed this fax to everyone . . All my friends and co-workers have ordered theirs and love it too !
 We liked the original one so well that when the drum finally went after years , we looked into it and it was cheaper to purchase a new machine with a new toner and drum than to buy the toner and drum ! But this machine is awesome , it holds lots of paper , so it does n't run out over the weekend and is always reliable!It was here in 2 days by regular shipping even though it was right before Christmas ! We will buy it again and again ! For us this is used only as a fax machine on a dedicated line .
 After buying a very expensive -LRB- and slow and useless -RRB- Canon fax machine , we decided to go against the Canon salesman 's advice . We went to Staples and bought the Brother Intellifax 4100 . BEST BUSINESS FAX MACHINE EVER . It has a large sheet tray and has gone for years of daily use without any breakdown whatsoever . Yes , we have to change the drum every year or two , but it is an easy operation and a small price to pay for a fast and reliable fax machine . Do n't hesitate to buy this machine for your home or office .
 A very reliable FAX machine . Had tried some `` cheapie '' fax machines with poor results , this one tops them all .
 This is used in a large office with a dispatch department . We had minimal problems with our first one -LRB- purchased many years ago -RRB- and decided to replace it with the exact same one . Nothing but ease to use and exceptionally low maintance .
 So far this is an excellent product . I previously owned an Intellifax 2200 that was good but eventually the toner started streaking badly even with a new cartridge and this product seems to be a higher quality and should be more dependable based on its performance so far . It was very easy to set up but I run it independently from a computer -LRB- just as a fax -RRB- , but I like the option of connecting it with software if nessesary .
 We replaced an 8 year old `` monster '' fax that we were leasing . With technology where it is today , our faxing needs have diminished . Our company mainly uses on board faxing with leased copy machines , but we ca n't tie up our copiers for faxing with the volume that we copy/print on that unit . This has been a great stand alone unit for the minimal faxing that we do . Easy to setup and use , it took longer to get it out of the box than it did to get it functional . Setup is intuitive and easy to do as well . I referenced the manual maybe once . Totally satisfied with this purchase .
 I have had this fax machine for about three months now and can not say enough good things about it . It does n't jam , it never fails to print an acknowledgement , the speed dial is simple to use , and the faxes received are clear and clean , as are the copies it makes . I love this machine .
 We bought two of them ; they arrived , we plugged them in , and 5 minutes later , they were taking the load . Print quality is fine ; scan quality is good . They 're under moderate load , and running just fine !
 An excellent machine for a great price
 It 's everything I want in a fax machine along with a good price . All pros and no cons .
 I purchased this fax machine as an additional for our office two months ago . It is used mainly for outgoing , prints clearly and have n't had any problems yet . Very easy to install . Great buy !
 This a good fax machine for the money . Easy to set up and get running . Our last one lasted about 5 years before it died .
 I had read both positive and negative , but over all it works . I purchased this to be in a small office and we receive and send faxes daily . It does the job - clear good looking faxes !
 this machine is reliable and have a long life for people . new and quiet . easy to use and reasonable price .
 This is a great fax and copy machine for the price . I 've had outstanding luck in purchasing other products by Brother .
 Brother IntelliFax-4100e High Speed Business-Class Laser FaxExcellent Fax machine . So far , no problems whatsoever !
 I found the unit easy to install and set up . It took all of 10 minutes to complete the necessary inputs for the unit and to set preferences . Thus far , it has proven to be extremely reliable and easy to use .
 I decided to buy this fax machine for my office based on the price and functionality . I work at a college where the faculty can often have a hard time using simple equipment , I think their brains are wired more towards higher level tasks . This fax machine is the first they have not broken in their attempt to use it.The controls are very easy to use and intuitive . I have had a few people send blank faxes because they did not realize that the paper needed to be face up , but that was easily fixed with a p-touch label saying `` face up please '' : -RRB- This machine is also very quiet which is important because it sits right outside my door all day . Our previous machine used to beep all day for some unknown reason and we were never able to get it to stop . This machine only makes minimal noise when it is actually printing.I also appreciate the fact that the buttons are big and color coded . This makes it much easier for my office to use . The prints are clear and the toner seems to last a very long time . We receive `` spam '' faxes pretty much every day -LRB- about 2 or 3 pages per day -RRB- and actual faxes maybe once a week . At this level of use we replace the toner maybe once a year.I would highly recommend this fax machine .
 I purchased this fax copier for the office and we love it . Its quiet operation and smooth paper flow makes faxing a pleasure . I highly recommend it for small to medium business operations or home use for the busy homeowner .
 After having several problems with two Canon FaxPhone L80s , I decided to order one of these . It 's been up and running at my office for the better part of a year with ZERO problems . It was a snap to setup . It seems very durable . My company deals with several librarians , who are still stuck in the stone-age and use fax machines ... ever heard of email and . pdf files ?? Needless to say our fax machine is in HEAVY use and I 've never had a problem.It 's a fax machine . Straight forward and it works . If I had a complaint it would be that Brother does n't use a single cartridge for toner/drum unit . They are actually separate pieces with this machine . I would say I change the drum unit once for every two toner cartridges I use . But hey , this thing is mechanically solid and I would never by another model of fax machine if this one was still in production .
 this fax is quick , has large memory , it was very easy to program , and holds large amount of paper .
 This fax machine was easy to set-up . It produces clear faxes and does so quite quickly . The feature that allows you to send multiple faxes , to different locations , all at the same time , is great . Great product .
 I bought this as a gift for my brother . I have an older model which has been great for me for three years . I trust the Brother products and will always consider them when shopping for faxes , copiers , etc. .
 I have been using brother printers for close to 10 years now ... I have been using the 4100E commercially for more than 3 years now . I own and operate a mailbox/shipping store and I do offer Fax service . That machine has been doing anywhere from 10 to 80 faxes/day so far and all what ever did to it is change one roller . I am so pleased that I am getting this one as a spare just in case ... Nothing is forever and sooner or later something is to give ... I will have the new one waiting.Cons
 The Brother Intellifax 4100 fax machine is likely the best on the market . I purchased a used one several years ago on eBay and got about 5 years of service out of it - and I hoped they still made the same model . Yeah , I know - Brother makes sewing machines - but this fax machine has been the best machine we 've ever used - and I 've been through quite a few - HP , Sanyo , and Toshiba . NONE have performed as well as the USED Brother Intellifax that I just replaced with the same exact machine . I am so glad Brother still makes this model .
 Great fax product at a good price . This is a replacement for the same Brother product we purchased several years ago . It worked so well , we decided to get the same one .
 As with the past million Brother products , this one does not disappoint . It 's just a fax -LRB- so do n't think you can much else besides possibly print with it , but it 's definitely made for a small office where it will be used a lot .
 works perfect , no problems . easy to setup . very clear print . receive the machine in a very short period of time .
 Thanks to Brother they designed a good model and stuck with it . We have the same model going back to 2004 and have about about thirty -LRB- 30 -RRB- in service currently . They just keep working ! Nice standard to stock only one toner cartridge style . Having the option to be a laser printer is nice , but we primarily use a fax machine and a mini copier for small remote offices . Recently paid $ 199 for a couple and that is a no brainer to buy more .
 This Fax machine is performing at a faster rate then the previous HP unit . We are not having any connectivity problems with other fax/computer fax machines -LRB- we were with the HP unit -RRB- . The display and insert tray is a little to flat for easy use and viewing . Other than that we are happy with the machine .
 The Brother Intellifax 4100E High Speed Business Class Laser Fax is awesome . Very quiet - you only hear from it when it starts to print - no ongoing calibration noises ! Print quality is excellent . Paper feeds out towards the front . No more reaching above and behind large printers to get your print out .
 This thing is saving us oggles of money . Compared to how much we spent on toner for our previous fax , the thing has already paid for itself . Very easy to use , very fast print and good quality . Have n't run into any problems so far . Ca n't say enough good things about it , I would highly recommend it . I was a little afraid of the brand at first , but it 's quickly proving that its high quality .
 Very good . Fast . Easy to work with . It is sorted . My secretary appreciated that . I recommend it to the others .
 This is our second and third Brother Intellifax 4100E machines in use in our Home and 0ffice . This fax is very easy to use , fast and efficident . We would recomend this machine to any small business or for personal use at home .
 This machine replaced the aged laserjet we had with this beast . Does everything the old one did , but faster and better . Everyone loves it ! A + + +
 For our fire department , we had been going through 10 ink cartridges/year mostly due to fax span . Having a laser toner based fax is a godsend . So far , this fax was easy to set up , tested to work perfectly and has been a nice stable piece of equipment . Amazon gave us a fantastic value on price + shipping . Love Amazon .
 Bought this to replace an ancient Xerox WorkCentre that finally gave up the ghost . It is much faster , very simple to set up and has all the features we need . It 's used 20-30 times a day in our office .
 I ordered this fax machine for the small business that employs me after our old one started having problems despite service . The old machine was nearly 10 years old and an older version of the IntelliFax model . However , it had proven reliable and user-friendly over the years so we chose to replace it from within the Brother family of fax machine products . After a month of use , I can safely say that the transition from one machine to the other was practically seamless , with only the minimal downtime as one machine was replaced with the other causing notice . This fax machine does what the old one did , only better and with more options . There have been no complaints from the rest of the office in regards to efficiency or ease of use . If you are considering this machine for a small office , I highly recommend it .
 So far the fax machine has been an improvement over our previous Brother fax . The old one needed a new drum and it was cheaper in the long run to buy a new one .
 My new Brother IntelliFax 4100E was very easy to install and setup . Easy to follow step by step instructions had me up and running in about 15 minutes . Fax and print quality are excellent . I highly recommend this product to any individual or small business that requires high speed and high quality fax and copy capabilities .
 I am a purchasing agent that buys for 8 entities . this is a good machine at a resonable price for a medium size company .
 When I needed a FAX machine I did a lot of research and noticed that this machine received very positive reviews , so I ordered one . This machine is definitely worthy of the positive reviews it receives . Very solid machine and works flawlessly .
 This fax is easy to set up and use . We like that it scans fax in immediately and quickly and then sends it . We do not use the print function except for the reports about faxing . We are very pleased with this product and would recommend it for an office that faxes a few pages regularly multiple times a day .
 I 've had this for a couple years . It is a good fax . When our copier runs out of toner we use it for a copier -- although the copies tend to be a little light . It has been well worth the money .
 Love this machine ! Works just the same as the 4750e that we replaced , but half the cost ! Our office wo n't waste money on a $ 400 machine when this baby does everything we need it to .
 I went online to search for a great laser printer fax and after hours of reading reviews and trying to find something that was a workhorse at a good price , the Brother is what I chose . My PIXMA 4 in 1 suddenly `` STB '' and I was pressed to do my homework and find something new immediately . If you 're looking to find a new printer/fax , let me save you some time and money ... search no more . This is the best ! I am so happy with my purchase and the ability to purchase from Amazon at a great price . I also have a big Toshiba super-size copier in the office and you know what ... I think that I like this one better . We set it up easily and networked it for all the office computers `` semi-easily '' and have been good to go ever since .
 Beautiful fax printouts with less expensive toner needs than the HP products that I was previously using .
 This was a replacement of the previous version of this machine . The problem with the old one is that after several years of office use , in an office with about 8 people , it recorded a problem that could not be cleared which may have been related to the drum , but it was unclear from talking to Brother 's tech support . What was clear is that for a little more than the cost of replacing the drum , which might not have solved the problem , we could replace the whole machine.In the interim , we tried using an HP professional all in one printer , color copier and color fax -LRB- model L7780 -RRB- . That was a nightmare , as it was slow and had one of the worst paper feeders on the scanner that I have ever seen.What a relief to get this Brother 4100e fax machine back . It is way faster , feeds paper well , and never jams . It was easy to set up and works great!Steve
 Pretty simple to set up and operate . A good replacement for our all-in-one . The only issue so far was that it ca n't take more than 20 digit phone numbers for preset buttons . Most calls to EU are up to 18 digits with pauses and if you are in an office environment that requires a passcode for long distance , you ca n't set up one button dialing . It has to be done with 2 buttons which is awkward . Otherwise a dependable machine so far .
 A beautifully constructed machine , oozing solidity , waybeyond what its relatively low cost would suggest . It is fast , with multiple controls and possibilities , inexpensiveto run , clean results , doubles as a very fast copier , just as good as my Brother 5250DN laser printer .
 I first purchased this fax machine in 2008 for a busy office which sadly still sends and receives a lot of faxes . The wide group of users have been very happy with the performance , speed and print quality . I was asked to get another fax machine for another location and am happy to find that this model was still available . The choice was easy .
 We have installed 10-15 of these machines over the past several years and find them to be very reliable , easy to use and fast . I have not found a machine in this price range that can come close to the 4100e 's performance .
 We just ordered our 2nd machine for our office . It is speedy , efficient , and easy to use . It has a large capacity memory for scanning - an important component for us since we routinely fax and receive documents up to 100 pages . It took just a few minutes to set up and operate , a plus for a busy office of so-so tech savy folks .
 I have bought 2 of these over 3 years , one for my office and one for my better half . My new one has already proved itself invaluable . Easy to use , relatively inexpensive replacement cartridges and good quality print quality.Mainly I like that it is reliable and very easy to setup with very few paper jams .
 Our office is very happy with this replacement fax machine . Our old one died after a decade or so . We replaced it with a fax that used ink cartridges and were replacing the cartridges weekly , as well as dealing with paper jams and ink leaks . This Laser Fax machine was the replacement to the replacement and we are so glad we did so . We find The Brother IntelliFax-4100e to be quiet , fast and efficient . Very satisfied .
 We bought this to replace an aging Muratec machine . Boy , was this a step up in performance . This machine is way faster . If you are looking for an economical , fast and reliable office fax then this is for you . When our inkjet fax machines in our branch offices give out we 'll likely be replacing them with the Brother.Update
 I purchased the 4100e nearly three months ago for my business , and I ca n't think of one bad thing to say about it except for the delay in printing when it 's waking from sleep . I have an HP 2300 printer attached to my home computer and I 'd gotten used to a quick response time when submitting a print job . I use the print , fax , and copy functions and I 'm extremely pleased with the resolution and quality of each . If you need a heavy duty copier , then , well , I guess you would n't be looking at this machine , but it suits my needs for a fax machine , printer , and occasional copier for jobs numbering 10-15 pages each .
 Here is the procedure to configure Brother 4100e fax machines to work with faxing over VoIP.Enter Maintenance Mode :1 . Unplug power from rear of fax machine , hold the Menu button while plugging power back in . Continue to hold the Menu button until `` Maintenance '' appears in the LCD window .2 . There are no helps for the Maintenance mode . Follow parameter change procedures to the letter.Changing Baud Rate from Automatic to 9600:1 . Enter 10 -LRB- one , zero -RRB- . This will bring up WSW00 on the LCD window .2 . Change the 00 to 19 . If the baud rate is set to automatic , the numbers that appear will be 11100010.3 . Change the 11100010 to 01100010 . This sets the baud rate to 9600.4 . Press the `` Set '' button just below the LCD window .5 . Press `` Stop '' .6 . Enter 99 . This will exit Maintenance mode and make the fax ready to use again.Changing the Error Correction Mode -LRB- ECM -RRB- :1 . Enter Maintenance Mode -LRB- see directions above -RRB- .2 . Enter 10 . This will bring up WSW00 on the LCD window .3 . Change the 00 to 22 . If the ECM is turned on , the numbers that appear will be 00000000.4 . Change the 00000000 to 11000000 . This turns of ECM .5 . Press the `` Set '' button just below the LCD window .6 . Press `` Stop '' .7 . Enter 99 . This will exit Maintenance mode and make the fax ready to use again .
 Im very happy with this fax machine . This fax scans documents very fast and has a paper drawer . I would recommend this item . The only problem i had with it was when there was a power outage . . you have to put in a code to reset the machine .
 Bought the FAX machine about a month ago , for my office and it worked right out of the box . Quality of the FAX received is very good . No real complaints , other than that we have to change cartridge already . Let 's hope the cartridge that came with the machine is one of those `` lite '' model and the high capacity one last longer .
 *** EDIT 3 MONTHS LATER *** This machine is the world 's worst fax machine . You never know for sure whether a fax is sent or not and it seems to `` lose '' about half of them . The worst part is that you ca n't cancel a fax print job ! That 's right ! If some idiot sends you a 100 page fax , YOU CA N'T CANCEL IT ! It just keeps printing using up all your ink and paper . Total piece of crap ! *** ORIGINAL REVIEW *** Great machine . Its the first drama-free fax machine I 've owned . Plug it in and it runs quietly , quickly , and dependably . I had my main office printer go out so I downloaded a driver from the internet and hooked it up to my network to use as a backup printer . It works so well , I just might keep using it as the office printer and the fax machine . Really nice product .
 this is a very good machine . We use quite a few of the features and it really is top of the line
 THIS IS THE SECOND ONE THAT WE BOUGHT IT VERY FAST . IF EVER WE ARE IN NEED A NEW ONE OR FOR OUR EXPANSION I AM SURE IT WOULD BE A BROTHER INTELLIFAX AX-4100E HIGH SPEED BUSINESS-CLASS LASER FAX
 The corvette phone made such a hit in our house . It was a gift for my husband who is a Corvette enthusiast.He has it on display in his office .
 I bought this phone for my boyfriend , who is a BIG corvette nut . He loved it , it 's well made and the price is great . A very good buy for anyone who is into corvetts .
 Now wait a miniute guys . I 've had one of these for over a year and I like it . Drop your pocket change in every night and it will sort it just fine . It 's not intended for industrial use.It 's battery operated and drops your coins into those prefabbed coin rolls . I find that it works 95 % of the time . Sure sometimes a coin will get hung up on a wrinkled coin wrapper , but it 's an easy fix . The coins top off and the excess drops into a reserve chamber . It 's not that hard to tell when the plastic tube is filled to the top . You can get replacement rolls at any business supply store.This thing is 100 times better than sorting by hand . I love it .
 I have had one of these sorters for over a year and have had no problems . I use it without the wrappers so there are no jams . When i get home each night I just throw the change from my pockets in there and once a week hit the sort button . When I see a full chamber I wrap the coins and put in a safe place until the next time I go to the bank . Its so easy to use . I have one in each bedroom of my house so everyone can use it .
 The product does exactley what it is intended to do . Drop the coins and and they sort into there respective chambers . I have been using the coin sorter for several days now and have not had any jamming issues and all the coins were deposited into the correct slot . They have more expensive products that may be better suited for your needs , however for simple coin sorting of extra change at the end of the day , this product is perfect !
 Regular coin wrappers given by the banks are not user friendly with this machine , possibly so you have to purchase additional wrappers through the manufacturer , and the occasional back up of coins are the only gripes with this coin counter . Great for pocket change & piggy banks .
 what can i say ? i read reviews on this unit before i purchased it , seemed better than the previous sorter my boyfriend had -LRB- which i managed to break -RRB- . i wanted to replaced the coin sorter i had destroyed and this seemed like the better buy . i dont know much about coin sorters , but i -LRB- and my boyfriend -RRB- are really happy with this purchase . it sorts the coins , it came with a box full of coin wrappers , its pretty neat and tidy ! i give it a B +
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift , but I was told it functions very well . It sorts and fills as described
 Easy load , just &#34; dump & run &#34; ! The &#34; overflow &#34; tray tells you when THAT particular denomination wrapper is full . Then it 's an easy slide of the tray outward , and load a new wrapper .
 I got this yesterday and rolled about ten rolls worth , and it worked just fine . The other reviewer was right , it 's not intended for the US mint . It 's for occasional home use to dump your pocket change into.Recommended one to my mom , I liked it that much .
 This was another present for my niece . She requested it , and is quite happy with it . It arrived promptly . Thank you very much .
 this is a good product for the price . It looks much better then some of the others on the market .
 Great for rolling coins ! It has worked really well so far , the extra coins gather in the spill over tray and the coins are always delegated to the right place . Make sure that you dont let the spillover tray get too full before you pop out the coin tray to roll them . Occasionally a coin from the spillover tray will fall making it hard to close the change chamber -LRB- but this can be easily avoided -RRB-
 Product is very satisfactory and one that we use constantly as my husband and I save our coins for our two little grandsons . Actually , this product is a replacement for a used one we received last year from our eldest daughter . I had the used sorter in my luggage from Northampton , MA to San Ramon , CA and a portion of the top slot chipped while in transit . Guess I should have carried it rather than put it in my check-in baggage.In any case , this coin sorter works effectively for us .
 I 'm very pleased . Its size is a little smaller than most metal post garmet racks -- but that 's exactly what I needed for the limited size & clearances of my laundry closet . The weight of the unit is also lighter than a proper `` full duty '' metal post garmet rack , but that 's not a problem given that its purpose is temporary light-duty staging of clothes during the laundering process . That probably also explains how they can sell this thing so inexpensively . Also , I love the two swing-out bars -- its a nice touch that adds tremendous flexbility and capacity to the unit . Ca n't beat it for the price . If the size works for you , then grab one , you 'll be happy .
 I bought this garment rack to place in a second bedroom due to may lack of closet space in our home . Very easy to put together , I did it myself without other help . Small tool is included to help do the job , no problem . I have other storage racks that go together in a similar fashion , I find this one very sturdy and I am enjoying being able to see and organize my clothing . Very happy with this purchase . Thank you .
 Came in great in all of Eastern Europe . Buy it !
 Not too many people use dot matrix printers anymore so I was happy to find this Epson DFX-9000 as a backup to a 5-year old DFX-9000 we currently have . We print about 1,000 + pages -LRB- 14-7/8 '' x 11 -RRB- per week . Its a great machine for printing on NCR paper . Needs minor tweaking when emulating fonts . We just plugged it in and started printing . Real simple !
 We have used all previous models on the Epson Printers , DFX5000 , DFX8000 , DFX8500 and would never consider another brand . The DFX9000 is fast and great.Our best price was from Amazon and service was great . Our next purchase on equipment will be from Amazon also .
 This shredder is great , especially for the price . Shreds paper and cards well , takes multiple sheets . If you try to do too many sheets at a time and it chokes , reversing fixes the problem . It holds a lot so you do n't have to empty it that often . The casters on the bottom are great , it rolls very easily . It wo n't start if the bin is not completely in place , so it 's not possible to get to the main part of the shredding mechanism while it 's running , which is a good safety feature . The top slot is too small for adult fingers and the shredding mechanism is set low enough that non-adult fingers would not be able to reach down the feed slot .
 The problem some/most of its owners are having is one of the main gears that grinds way too easily , connected to the motor . There does n't seem to be a clutch mechanism to help prevent the plastic teeth on the plastic gear from grinding smooth . If you treat it nicely though , no heavy loads or excessive over-torquing , it makes a really nice , clean , sharp pencil point .
 Small in size and this thing tears through pencils and leaves a nice tip . We 've had if for a month with no problems . So far so good !
 Got what I wanted for a great price . Product arrive with no problems and work as adveritze
 I love this pencil sharpener so much I bought another one for work . As a rule , I find pencil sharpeners so very disappointing - they simply ca n't hold up to the job
 I use traditional wood pencils all the time at work and at home and was looking for a good battery operated pencil sharpener . I was n't happy with what they had at the local stores . I was looking to replace an old Bostitch Battery operate pencil sharpener that I liked , but could n't find one similar . I like the battery models because we like to use them around the house and my wife takes it along to Girl Scout meeting for the kids.I was n't sure how this would work , but I am quite pleased . It 's probably the best pencil sharpener I 've used in a while . Works easily does n't catch the pencil and has plenty of power . Those of you who use wood pencils a lot like I do will know when I say how most sharpener you have to really use them right so they do n't sharpen weird . This one does n't do that is just has power and works easily.Makes a good longer angle taper and very sharp point . I like it a lot and am thinking about buying another . For the price range I think it 's the best . The one I have at work that our secretary ordered is an expensive one and I do n't like it very well . I highly recommend this model !
 Just purchased this sharpener , so I ca n't comment on its long-term function , but I am VERY happy to find a sharpener that makes good long points on pencils AND accommodates larger-diameter artists pencils ! It sharpens the standard-size pencils quite well , and fits the Derwent color pencils and Caran d'Ache Luminance and Grafwood pencils ! I 've been searching for a quality portable helical sharpener , and this seems to be the one . I will order more of them once I 've given this one a more thorough test drive .
 I 've been using this sharpener for the last four to six months with great results . The sharpener accepts Lyra , Prismacolor and Derwent colored pencils with ease . It sharpens to a very decent sharp point . Also , I 've not had to change batteries yet , and I use this sharpener daily . Very pleased with its ' performance.GiGiSanta Rosa , CA
 The Stanley Bostitch Battery Desktop Pencil Sharpener has rotary hardened steel cutter seating on cast aluminum frame -LRB- inside plastic shell -RRB- . It makes very small wood thread like chips . It makes very fine sharp pencil tips with about 50 degree cone shape . The clear cap is a little flimsy and not very easy to take off and put back on . It is better to take the sharpener in a bigger trash bag by allowing both hands in the bag to empty the pencil sharpener without making a mess . The motor starts weak . The pencil has to be fed gentle when start . After the motor spins , it can take pencil very fast . The pencil sharpener by Stanly is highly recommended .
 What can you expect from a battery operated pencil sharpener ? With the Stanley Bostitch model , you can expect exactly what you 'd expect from one that plugs in and costs $ 20 more . I 'm very satisfied with this product . Nothing fancy , no bells and whistles , but a solid machine never-the-less . Very satisfied . Four stars - not because there is ANYTHING wrong with it , but because it lacks the fancy frills of more advanced models .
 this is the dealit does exactly what it suppose to do , and does a great job on it . also the price is just prefect.glad I bought this sharpener
 My daughters sharpened about 90 pencils in minutes . Sharpener has just enough power and gives you the desired pointed end .
 Beats using the old crank ones . Arrived fast and packaged well . Good brand . Been around for years so I know it will last a long time .
 The reviews on this were mixed , but we have been using it for a month or so and it works just great . No broken tips . Fast enough . And it the world of battery powered sharpeners I think it is at the top of the heap .
 For $ 17 , you ca n't beat this sharpener . I use it daily . It has never failed & delivers a sharper pencil , with less stress on the lead , than units I 've had costing more.One negitive , though . I gave one as a gift to my stepdad & it died in less than a year . Mine has lasted over 5 years & is still going strong . I 'm buying another for my office ,
 I and many other colored pencil artists need to find good , portable pencil sharpeners with port holes that will work for the various diameters of colored pencils we use . The Stanley Bostitch Battery Desktop Pencil Sharpener -LRB- model 02697 -RRB- Stanley Bostitch Battery Desktop Pencil Sharpener , Black -LRB- 02697 -RRB- works well , and allows me to use all of the various brands I like , and can be bought in the US . The old model that was most commonly used -LRB- by Panansonic -RRB- went off the market a few years ago , so we 've been seeking a good replacement . I think this one works well , so recently bought a few more , just in case !
 I am pleased with this purchase . It looks great on the desk and is a quality product . I also bought the matching letter tray so together , it 's a really nice set !
 I originally bought this stand to retain a lot of desk space that I was missing by way of a large maxtor harddrive and a presonus firewire audio interface . They sit underneath this stand and the laptop sits above them . This stand has a lot of nifty features . I would reccomend it to anyone who is in need of such a product . It fits my Macbook -LSB- the little one at 13.3 '' -RSB- with a bit of room to spare , but I expected it would . Since the macbook has all its jacks on the left side , the side tray makes a good way to relieve stress on your cables . If you have a traditional Laptop where all of the cabling comes through the rear , it has a cable organizer and clip , which is very useful for staying organized . The stand could be improved if the hollow square base were solid plastic . Because it is not , my harddrive sits at an angle when I would rather it be straight . Not a huge complaint but like I said , that part could be improved upon . I 'm sure 3m was n't thinking about the area below the shelf being used for storage though.Overall , I 'd say purchase this if your looking for a decent laptop stand at a good price .
 I got this for my laptop which sits on a small end-table in the corner . At the previous height , it causes back pain when used too long . This riser did the job , making it much more comfortable to use the laptop . As a bonus , the two small side trays can be put on the same side , making a small mouse pad . If I get industrious , I 'll make larger rigid pad to affix to it and make more room.While there is a little wobble -LRB- the two pieces fit together with a slot that has maybe half a millimeter of gap -RRB- , it does n't cause a problem when typing directly on the laptop . If it really bothers me , I 'll wedge some paper into the gap to lock it down - it has n't seemed like a problem so far though .
 This is stand is easy to put together . It has extensions for your wireless device . It 's adjustable heighth is good , but could be a bit taller . It hold my 15 '' well but is strong enough to hold a larger but would look odd . Decent stand with one of the more better heighth adjustment options .
 It 's not sexy nor high-tech but it works great for me . I bought two for me and my wife at home and it 's great so far . It even creates a small storage space underneath the laptop but guess a minor benefit.If you are a long-time laptop user , you want to make sure the center of your screen is in line or slightly below your eyes so your neck wo n't hurt . I learned this from hard lesson as a programmer and now pay 200 % attention to this details.Gonna buy the 3rd now for my office laptop so not only raise the screen but also more align with my external 20 '' monitor .
 Saw a few of these around the office and I absolutely love it . Saw this on the Lightning Deal and went for it as it was half off . Fits my HP ProNotebook 15 inch well enough . This is n't meant for 17 inch laptops , since the sides would overflow , but you still could use it if you do n't care for the `` side panels '' . Comes with some rough patch stickers so you can place them on top of the stand to your liking to fit your laptop configuration.Pros - Light - Bottom area big enough to hold lingering documents - Side panels allows you to put your phone , keys , etc. - Just the right elevation -LRB- at max settings -RRB- for me * - Could work as a laptop coolerCons - Not too many settings for elevation . 4 notches , each a half inch - Cable management dongle at the back is a bit odd - Does n't come with the document holder attachment -LRB- product notes it too , costs as much as this itself -RRB- - Feet do n't have material that keeps stand in place on slippery surfaces - Only 2 side panels , 3 possible positions on each sideEven though I have a lot of nitpicky con 's , it absolutely fit my needs . Wish the side panels were a bit bigger and maybe more than the 2 provided . Otherwise , love it !
 i recently starting working at home several times a week , and I found that the table I was using did not have enough room for the laptop AND an external keyboard . This product fits the bill and is also very sturdy . It really makes the best use of limited space and I would recommend it .
 This met all of my expectations and has allowed me to be more productive at work with less of a strain on my neck
 Frees up space on my desk , gives me more space to put stuff because I can put stuff underneath my laptop , and it works better with having a wireless keyboard and mouse .
 This is a good and useful product for someone needing to raise a laptop to a better viewing level . The riser is plastic but not cheaply made . I am using a 17 in laptop and this works with the riser though the computer extends beyond the edge of the stand . For safety 's sake I recommend against using a laptop that big with this product.A few irritants . This is advertised as working with a 3M paper holder , but the paper holder costs more than the riser . Also , those two little shelves on the side make no sense at all . They are too rickety to hold anything of any size and , since they have no raised edge , anything you put on them will fall off.Nevertheless , it is a good buy and worth trying .
 The only thing needed to be perfect were some slip resistant pads for the base of the riser so it would not slide so easily on my desk . They did include these pads for the laptop surface and they work very well . Otherwise , the adjustable height is great and the cord collector works very well . I consider this a bargain based on the price of most other units I looked at . My neck has been saved !
 This is a nice product and does what it is meant to do
 Up side
 I bought this for my home office . Allows a little extra storage space underneath and raises the notebook to eye level . Love it !
 This riser was exactly what I was looking for . I think the little shelves are pretty worthless so I just left them in the box and they went out with the trash . It makes my small desk much more user friendly - and more comfortable to have my screen at eye level , too .
 Before I ordered this item for personal use , I had already been using this at work for about a month . It has been a boon for my stressed neck muscles . I have a Toshiba M35 15.4 '' wide-screen laptop at home and a Compaq nc6000 at work . While it fits just perfectly with both the laptops , there is a slight overhang -LRB- approx 1 '' on one side -RRB- when used with the Toshiba laptop . This can be an irritant if you would want to attach the mounting bracket for the document holder -LRB- which I would expect to be included with the product , not sold as an extra -RRB- . You get the mounting bracket , but not the document holder !! The good news is that the product is very very flexible -LRB- with multiple height settings -RRB- and very laptop-friendly -LRB- with vents in the base . This is better than putting your laptop on a flat surface . -RRB- Both of my laptops run a lot cooler ! The detachable shelves -LRB- 2 in number -RRB- are handy , but one would work just fine . 3M should replace the other one with the document holder . If you use a wireless mouse , you can put the base on it , or just a little trinket.Finally , for just $ 23 , you can not beat this laptop riser . I have always admired 3M and this wonderful product has n't dimmed my admiration for them.This is the best , affordable , and cool-looking laptop riser .
 I purchased this so that I would have room on my desk for a secondary keyboard . When I got it , I realized that there was enough room underneath the raised laptop to fit my external hard drive , USB hub , and network switch . My desk is now much less clutterd with wires , and the laptop is at a much more comfortable height .
 I ordered the 3M LX500 because of space issues in my office . I have no room to place an underdesk drawer or keyboard tray . The 3M LX500 Riser helped lift my laptop to a more manageable -LRB- no neck straining -RRB- height , while allowing the keyboard to fit in the space on the desk beneath it . It works great with my port replicator and is definitely a space-saver ! I have always been happy with 3M products and will continue to look for more innovative products for laptops !
 I like this so much . I first used it at work 2 years ago , and I have since bought 2 for personal use and another one at my current job . Most places should have this product for under $ 30 , and it just does a great job of raising the laptop to a level where it is comfortable for my neck and eyes . There are two removable `` trays '' that you can attach on the sides for placing small items like business cards , cell phone , etc. . This notebook stand is rigid , sturdy , yet lightweight . The hole in the middle of the platform where the laptop rests helps to provide extra cooling . This is perfect if you have a docking station , additionally , or do not often move your laptop around . You basically just use an external keyboard and mouse , and it becomes like a desktop computer !
 I got this more for the screen height than anything . My chiropractor explained how so many of us have bad back and head posture because we are looking down at our computer screens instead of level . However this model has some nice extra features . The cut-away area keeps the labtop cool . All my extra cords for Pilot , camera , iPod , etc. can hide underneath . The 2 little side attachments can hold my wireless mouse charger & my iPod when it is charging , giving me much more desk space . Only wish it was a little easier to change the height , but then it would have cost more .
 It 's not the prettiest and it may not have all the bells and whistles of other risers , but this thing does exactly what I need it to do - hold my laptop at eye level so my neck , shoulders , and arms do n't hurt while I work - and it does this while keeping my computer running cooler than it would otherwise , sitting on the desk . Add to this that -LRB- 1 -RRB- it has a great little storage area where I can store my wireless keyboard as well as a notepad , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it has two side-shelves -LRB- or wings -RRB- where I park my wireless mouse and phone , leaving me even more free desktop space , and I am as happy as a bug in a rug with this thing . And that 's before considering the very reasonable price and the free shipping . I really , really like this thing and if you are looking for a strong , stable , economical shelf to hold your laptop atop your desk , then I highly recommend you purchase this product .
 I bought this 3M laptop stand and a mesh Rolodex monitor standRolodex 82412 Wire Mesh Large Monitor Stand , 187/16 w x 143/8 d x 411/16 hat the same time to see which one would work better to elevate and cool a Dell Latitude D630 laptop -LRB- 14in widescreen -RRB- with docking station attached . The Rolodex has a nice cooling mesh top , looks nicer , and has a drawer underneath for storage , but the build quality sucked , and its not height adjustable -LRB- luckily its height is perfect for my application -RRB- . There also is not a convenient size of the Rolodex stand -LRB- 4-5 sizes in slightly different configurations/intended purposes -RRB- , and to fit my laptop , I ended up with one that is larger than the laptop and takes up a lot of desk space . The 3M stand on the other hand is the exact same size as my laptop with docking station , so it takes up much less space . So far it seems to cool just as well as the Rolodex , and it adjusts to the same height as the Rolodex -LRB- although I wish the adjustment process was easier ; I have to take everything off the stand and use a bit of force to take it apart and adjust it -RRB- . I do n't use the included shelves because I have an external mouse , keyboard , monitor attached and the laptop just sits to the side as a second monitor , but I have to agree that they seem pretty cheaply made and will probably break off easily if used . I also agree that the stand is a bit pricey for what it is , but its a much better buy than the Rolodex stand . I wish the bottom of the stand was solid plastic to make it a more convenient storage area , but I can overlook that because it fits my workspace so much better . To sum it up , the 3M stand is currently holding my laptop and the Rolodex is on the far side of my cubicle with papers and misc junk stacked on top of it . Need I say more ?
 Bought this for my office at work and it is perfect for making room on your desk and lifting the laptop to eye level . Very handy and well made for the price . Why they provide the bracket for the document holder , but not include the actual document holder hardware is beyond me . Other than that , a very good purchase .
 I was looking for something to get my laptop up off the desktop and get the screen at eye level while I worked , and this riser was just what I needed . Easy to adjust and stable , it solved my problem .
 This riser was sturdy , very adjustable and just what I hoped it would be when I ordered it . Plenty of room for a docking station and laptop on the top . I put my KVM switch underneath .
 Great product . Will not slip on desk . Elevates to a good height . Very good value . Keeps laptop cooler.Only slight complaint is that it does not save space all that much.It does , however , help cut down on wire-clutter with the attachable wire-gatherer on the back.As long as you are not looking for a ton of space-saving , this is a great riser for a great price .
 Length :
 I love how flexible it is , I can shape however I want . It provides a sufficient support for my wrists when typing and it feels really soft .
 this stand is simple , easy to install and keep the laptop cooler.Good price , and the plastic looks solid .
 This riser is perfect for the office . I can view my laptop at a higher level than before , with the separate keyboard and wireless mouse at desk height . There is room underneath the laptop , which is perfect if you want to hide some unsightly things , like extra wires , scratch paper , or your cellphone . Be sure to use this just for your laptop , though -- one person in our office broke his by using it as a flat-screen monitor riser .
 This is an amazing product . I have been using this for about half a year now and I am going to keep using it.Design : - Has many different levels to adjust the height-Has two small detachable trays on the sides to put stuff such as your phone on there to charge-Made of hard plastic , and feels solid-Isn ' t wobbly or easy to slide on a flat desk-There 's a bit of space under this riser so that you can fit items such as a calculator , or sticky notes.-It 's fairly lightweight-Some cable management grooves in the back.Portability -LRB- does n't matter too much for me since I usually just leave it on my desk -RRB- : - Not portable , even with a suitcase-It comes in a box form and it takes up a lot of space-Does not take up a whole lot of spaceOverall , This is a good product for the price . I now fixed my slouching from before and now my neck does n't hurt when I use my laptop.I would recommend this to people who do n't need to take it with them , have a decent amount of space , and like different levels of height .
 Exactly what I needed for the price and was very accurately described . I am very happy with this particular purchase .
 3M Adjustable Notebook Riser -LRB- LX500 -RRB- is an excellent solution to an ergonomic problem . Most people are probably not aware that they bending over their laptop , even when they have a USB keyboard and mouse attached . The only way to save your back is a convenience like this .
 Works just as I expected and makes my life much easier . I was also happy with the price , compared to other stands which I feel are way overpriced .
 I purchased this laptop stand for work , to bring my laptop screen up to the same height as my 2nd monitor . This is a well-designed , simple and functional stand that performs exactly as advertised . It holds my laptop with docking station perfectly , with no wobbling or taking up too much desk space . The side shelves are very handy - I keep my cell phone on one side and my reading glasses on the other . I am very happy I selected this model . It arrived well packaged and was also very simple to assemble . Great product .
 Received it , unboxed it , unwrapped it , tried to assemble it . I 'm missing the instructions for this . My fault ? Do n't know . I keep looking . Everything else is good , approaching great . I love 3M -- nearly everything they make . Have Macintosh laptop . Next , I 'll find the 3M instructions on-line . Review from me at this point ? Pleased . Happy . Contented.dkenneth
 I purchased this to use when I am working from home on my laptop , so I do n't strain my neck . It works just as expected - adjustable height , does n't wobble around -LRB- heavy dell latitude laptop -RRB- , and no problems with shipping . Thanks !
 Item is well made and looks great on my desk . Its compact and offers sufficient sections for pens , scissors , etc. . It gets 4 stars because the mail holder is a bit shallow so larger envelopes stick out . I am happy with the purchase .
 Very pleased with the design and the materials with which it is made.Makes it handy to keep pens and pencils as well as current mail . The neat front drawer is an added bonus .
 Very nice addition to my desk , helps keep it organized and professional looking . Compared to the desks of even my bosses mine looks a lot more professional unless I intentionally make it look differently .
 Very useful item . Especially like the little drawer . Perfect for my needs . I like the two-tone look . Thought it was the nicest I 've seen . The price was very good .
 I suppose that 's not their fault as they have the dimensions listed , just was expecting something to be a bit bigger . Great for what it does . Holds mail and some pens OK and keeps clutter down . Worth a purchase if you 're looking for something to de-clutter your desk .
 I bought this in conjunction with the Rolodex 23420 Wood Tones Desktop Sorter , Mahogany and they look great side by side ! They make my counter top look so much neater and cleaner and I love the little drawer for keeping receipts and paper clips in . I 've had this for maybe 6 months now and it has help up quite nicely . It 's quite sturdy and I am very happy with this product .
 A decent price for self-adhesive , padded mailers . Do keep in mind that they come to you empty . What you do is put things in them and send them to other people . What you put in them is entirely up to you . I do not recommend live animals .
 These work great for my needs . I will be buying more soon . Arrived very quickly after I placed my order .
 You just cant beat the prices . Try buying the same product from Staples and see what you get ...
 A good product at a fair price . I 'm tired of people overchanging us but this is a good deal .
 I have owned this phone since August 2001 and it has worked on both standard -LRB- Verizon -RRB- and VoIP -LRB- Vonage -RRB- networks without any problems at all . In general I like Sony equipment and this phone has not disappointed . Talk-time is , with a fresh battery , around 2 hours and stand-by time around 24 hours , give or take.I particularly like the speakerphone -LRB- base unit only -RRB- and the answering machine -LRB- base unit only but accessible via handsets -RRB- , both are easy to use . The 2.4 GHz handset has never let me down , quality always good . To be fair , we live in a 1 br . apartment so dropout has never been an issue . Even so , neither 802.11 nor microwave ovens have posed a hassle to the quality of calls made via the handset.All in all , I think this is a great phone , it 's lasted me three years now and it 's still going strong . It gets a LOT of use , I ca n't think of too many electronics products nowadays that last more than 12 months , in this regard the Sony phone is a standout.Also , to the other reviewer who was looking for a replacement battery -LRB- my original battery died after about 18 months -RRB- for the handset , I got one from Radio Shack for about $ 12.95 in about a week , not a problem . Even better , it is a 1000 mAh battery as opposed to the feeble 700 mAh one that came with the phone , so talk-time is longer .
 I have this Sony telephone and two expandable handsets . We live in an old house with limited phone jacks , so we have the expandable handsets in places where we could not otherwise have a telephone . We also can take the handset with us when we go to another phoneless room and save running up and down steps to answer a phone . The only problem we have is occasionally forgetting to put one of the cordless handsets in a charger at night and then running down the batteries . My biggest worry is where to buy new batteries as this phone seems to be discontinued .
 The product works fine and I would recommend it . The unit I got was not in a package and did not include cables or manuals which was a little disappointing .
 I ordered this for my father for his birthday , as he was in need of a new calculator that supported RPN . I chose this one because you could see 7 stacks before they are off-screen , because it gets annoying when you can only see one or two stacks at a time if you get a cheaper model . I found it very easy to create programs and set up Celsius to Fahrenheit , Fahrenheit to Celsius , Pounds to Kilograms , and Kilograms to Pound conversions on the shortcut function keys below the screen . Also , I set up a program to easily calculate molecular masses of compounds , as my father is a chemist and needs this all the time . Overall , great product . We 'll see how it fairs after long periods of use .
 I bought these for my husband whos favorite thing , next to me , are office supplies . He wanted something for taking forms to and from work in the rain . -LRB- He bikes everywhere . -RRB- These work so well at keeping dirt and water off his important papers that he uses them for everything from transporting to storing his paper and small objects .
 Great product ! Well-made & perfect for my situation . I am keeping a `` owner 's manual '' of a '95 Firebird that I am building , and I have enough info on file now that I needed this large 5 '' ringed binder to hold it all .
 I bought this for my expanding collection of song lyrics since I outgrew the 3-inch binder I had been using . This works well for the 300 + pages of songs which I have encased in plastic page protectors -LRB- or whatever they 're called ! -RRB- . The only drawback is that it is so heavy and cumbersome that it does n't fit on a standard music stand now , so I will be adding an extension for the stand .
 I purchased this binder to replace my old couponing binder , and I 've been very pleased with it overall . I like that it has the fold on the front cover to allow for over-capacity . My only complaint is that the rings do n't line up perfectly , so when I 'm flipping through the binder the pages catch on the partially exposed ring tooth . It 's not a major problem , and I 'm sure they do n't all have this flaw , but I can see that it 's wearing on the pages in my binder , so I 'll probably eventually replace it with a new one of the same kind .
 This product seems fairly solid , but I 've not had it very long and am already having issues with the rings not closing securely . Perhaps I 've stuffed it too full ? It seems the fact that the cover expands means that the designer expected it to be full , though . That said , I do n't know that there is a better binder out there so I 'd probably order this again .
 This thing is great . You can fit so many women in here . I had so many women around that I used to have trouble walking from one side the room to the other . When entertaining guests I was always horribly embarrassed as they constantly tripped over all of the women I had strewn about my house . Problem solved . Now when people come over they ask , `` how is you 're place so clean and neat ? What happened to all the women ? '' I simply wink , point to the book case , and say , `` see all those Avery Heavy-Duty 5 inch binders over there ? Yep ... full of women . ''
 I love these high-capacity binders ! They hold more women than the regular sizes , and keep them securely in their place . There is even enough room for women to make dinner in here !
 I think the headline says it all . I wanted a binder to hold my notes for one of my grad school classes . The tests were open notes , and I needed a binder that could hold all of the powerpoints , papers , figures , etc. . The size might have even been a little overkill , but I would rather err on the side of too much . It opens and closes easily . Pages did get stuck a little if I tried to flip through 50 or more at a time which is why I gave 4 stars . There were a few instances during the test when I needed to flip through a lot of material quickly , and I did need to be careful . That being said , this really was n't a huge deal . It just meant I took 10 seconds to find a page instead of 5 , and I doubt other binders are really that much better . Basically , if you want a cheaper binder that will do the job , and do it well , this is a good buy .
 This binder was purchased to hold all of the printed material from my online course I was taking at the time . It worked perfectly and filled the need I had at the time . I highly recommend this binder .
 This binder is holding up well so far for my daughter for school . She uses it hard so if it lasts 1/2 the year , I 'll be happy .
 I wish these were still sold at the price that I bought . I have these binders loaded to the hilt and have had no problems with any one of them . The single point of opening and locking is excellent . In short a great product .
 These Avery binders are nicest 3 ring binders that I 've found . They 're heavy duty , plus , they have the EZD -LRB- Slant/D Ring -RRB- so they hold paper better than the old circular rings . When buying binders on Amazon , make sure you look at the prices for the different colors . I wanted grey , but navy blue was half the price . Needless to say , I went with navy blue !
 Something I really liked about these are the inside cover . Most binders have a single clear flap/pocket on the inside . These have a few that go to the top so we can put a few different items in the front . They have great durability and have proved themselves well .
 This binder is one of our preferences here in our office.They are of good quality.They open and close easily also .
 The size of these binders holds lots and it holds materials needed in a secure fashion . I have n't had it long enough to comment on its durability .
 I bought this cover for gift . The recipient of the cover loved it . I would recommend it to others . Thank you .
 This is a great product . The ring mechanism is outstanding , and it is made especially so that sheets placed in the front view do n't stick when removed . Why then , would they put bar code stickers on these notebooks that do n't come off ?????? I do n't know about you , but I do n't have time to get the nail polish remover out to clean this sticker off of 8 binders .
 I recently purchased a second batch of these binders , so my experience is limited but they appear to be just what I wanted . I like the various sleeves and pockets inside and out . The opener works smoothly and I expect the binders will last a long time . I am using them to store documents and they wo n't receive a lot of opening and closing . I did want the heavy duty version because I expect to keep them for many years . I was very pleased when I placed my 2nd order and they were discounted further at the time . I intend to purchase a few more to complete my project .
 Durably , sturdy and a little larger than I expected , but that 's because I was n't measuring it out . You can slip your own covers under the plastic . The rings open easily .
 these are perfect if you have a lot of pages that need a lot of turning . clean and crisp and highly durable !
 I really thought this product was overpriced but after reading the reviews , I figured I 'd give it a try . It is the finest binder that I 've ever used . The fact that it is 3 inch and has d-rings inside really affords a lot of room for papers . There are also several pouches for additional storage . The thing I really liked is it clips/unclips very , very easily . A very well made product and worth every penny . Love it .
 Really good heavy duty binder for the price . I have spent a lot of money on so-called heavy duty large binders and they tear up too quickly for what the price . This is a really good deal .
 I play in a band and keep my music in a three-ring binder . After nearly 30 years in the band , I now have hundreds of sheets that I 've carefully arranged in alphabetical order . At practices and performances , I 'm constantly paging through to get to the next tune . The vast majority of three-ring binders have one or more rings that do n't quite match up when you snap the binder shut . These mismatched rings chew up the punched holes , and before long , you 're forced to reinforce the holes , or worse yet , have to recopy the music . Other binders do n't close securly and you end up with a handful of loose music.This binder has a well-designed ring mechanism that opens easily and stays closed with no chance for accidental opening . Best of all , the rings all line up -- perfectly . I wish I 'd found this model years ago . It would have saved me a lot of frustration and a lot of dollars in the long run .
 Has held together well . Holds 500 pages without many issues . Must keep it locked when rolling over pages .
 It 's a binder , so it 's not real exciting . But it is a nice binder and Amazon has a pretty competitive price so I was happy with the purchase .
 It worked just fine for the memory album . I could n't find this size in any of the stores in the area
 Typical black Avery binder . 3-Rings are standing up to the tests and weight imposed by heavy-duty sheet protectors , card stock , and fabric seam examples but the outer see-through plastic for the cover is pulling from the corner edges and I have n't even put the cover inside yet ! Disappointed . However , I love the three sectioned inseam pockets -LRB- front and back -RRB- for quick access and the sections are also tiered which allows me to see 3 different items at a quick glance . Love that . TexanSunshine
 The binder came on schedule ; it was brand new , and big enough for lots of office papers . It 's durable , nice and worth having if you have lots of papers .
 Tough , heavy duty and good looking . This is the one you want ! I could n't be more pleased . Holds a lot more Vaultz pages filled with DVDs than I thought it would and I can still turn / leaf thru the pages easily .
 I serve on two different Condo Association boards and use these binders to organize my paperwork and keep records.Pros
 I 'm a senior in high school and for the past three years I 've brought durable Avery binders . Durable my arse . They lasted two months at the most.The heavy duty binders are a whole different level though . I can throw them around and they still keep marching on . I 've been using one for a little more than a semester and the corners have begun to peel a teeny bit -- still much better than the durable ones nevertheless.The price is pretty good , $ 10 is quite affordable .
 I use these binders for chemistry , biology , and anatomy classes . Since all of the classes include labs , I use one binder for lecture and labs to keep everything organized . The heavy duty binder is definitely better than the entry levels binders available . You do not have to worry about the rings getting out of line . I did have a problem , but it was n't because of the binder . A couple of the binders I received were damaged so I returned them for others .
 I ordered this binder for my son because his 4th grade teachers requested it . His last binder rings would n't stay shut . He put so much stuff in this new binder that the bottom ring bent and wo n't close now . It makes using it difficult . Good binder but do n't overfill it .
 This binder works very smoothly with one lever to open and close . the rings have a pointed tip on one side and conical indent on other side that keeps the rings from separating when moving documents past the opening . D ring works smoothly for document organization , no damaged pages . Very good product .
 Love this binder ! I was looking for a coupon binder and this has worked out great . The binder is very sturdy and well built . I was lucky enough to catch it on sale . It was a great purchase and I am very pleased .
 Best binder i have ever owned . The rings are not out of alignment and is perfect for my anatomy class .
 Love , love , love this binder . It is easy to use , solid and durable . I especially like the D ring feature as it makes it so much easier inserting documents . I use this binder for my current year 's condo business papers . The clear plastic spine sleeve and front sleeve make it so easy to label and find what year I 'm working with .
 To start , I must say this has been the only binder I have purchased since discovering it -LRB- over a year -RRB- . First , the inside left side of the binder has two sleeves to hold papers in instead of one that is typically included in binders . The first sleeve measures about 2 '' high and the one behind it measures about 4 '' high . This is great if you need to separate loose leaf papers but do n't want to punch holes in them.The second great advantage of this binder is the way the rings close . Instead of the seraded mouth-like connect between the two ends of the rings , it has been replaced by a dot and hole connection . This has made it much easier to flip pages and now pages rarely get caught.Last , the EZD technology is incredible . With the touch of a finger , and very little effort , the binder opens . This is true even if the binder is filled with papers , which typically makes it more difficult to open on other binders.All in all , if you 're ok with spending a little more for the Rolls-Royce of binders that has all the fixings , this is the one !
 Everyone who is complaining about not fitting enough women into the 1 and 2 inch binders should splurge on the 3 inch . Triple your women !
 These are the second pair I 've bought recently . Use this pair to keep copies of recipes I 've used and/or want to use in future and also to maintain in one place to `` hand down '' to family members . These are super sturdy and I can change out the covers as I please . My other set is being used to house bank and financial records and I recommend to everyone
 I have tons of CD 's and DVD 's and I needed to get rid of the jewel cases and have it compact and space saving . The binders work out perfectly I can section them off as in type Country , Rock , Jazz and when I need to fit another sheet in it 's easy .
 This binder is great ! I love how sturdy it is and how easy it opens . I purchased a few of these to organize my daughter 's school work - the chosen pieces I 'm keeping for her so she could see the type of work she did at different grade levels . I also purchased the Avery sheet protectors to go inside this binder . This way , I could organize 2 work samples back-to-back into each sheet protector . 100 sheet protectors fit in this binder with plenty of room to grow . Would highly recommend this binder !
 Purchase received quickly . I gave it as a gift so I never used it .
 I have used this for years . I suffer from a herniated disc in my lower back . I use it in the car all the time . It was recommended by my orthopedic surgeon . I just reordered a new one .
 I bought this for my husband as a Valentine 's Day gift . He though it was a very bad gift until he went on his first trip to Europe . Since then he 's been on more than 5 trips to Europe and he never leaves his wedge at home . He is now telling everyone that this is a must for long trips . He forgot the first one I bough for him in a plane . By the time he got back home I had a new one bought for him . He loves it !
 I have now owned my latest Sharp Organizer -LRB- OZ-750 -RRB- for 3 months and have never been happier . Unlike all the other ` personal productivity devices ' out there , the Sharp actually save me time and effort.What the Sharp Organizers have always done right is make my information easy to get to . When I need to find a phone number or schedule appointment , I can get to it faster using a Sharp than any other type of organizer , especially compared to the units with keyboards.The Sharp is also easy to use , and includes all the features I need without adding a bunch of stuff I do n't need . Hats of to Sharps design team .
 Easy to use , cool silver color , and best of all is the pricefor a 2.5 MB organizer ! ... The backup function -LRB- which nicely backs up ALLyour data -RRB- ... and the @ symbol nicely placed as a SHIFT to the `` 2 '' key - just like on your PC - check out the close up the photo yourself . A nice alternative to more expensive Palm organizers - it has free software programs and other cool stuff like football schedules that you can download via the MyWizard site and has a keyboard for those who do n't like teaching a machine how to recognize your handwriting . END
 I own one of Sharp 's `` Wizard '' organizers . I would have to say that it is one of the most reliable organizers out there . One day about a year ago , I accidently droped the unit into a puddle . When I pulled it out of the water , I could n't get to turn on . No matter what I tried , it would n't turn on . I thought that the water had shorted it out . After panicking and trying everything I could think off , I gave up and decided to discard the unit in order to purchase a new one.When I went to the store , they were completely out of stock . I was really starting to get mad , mad at myself for being careless enough to drop the damn thing ! Frustrated , I gave up . I put the organizer in a storage drawer and forgot about it . Two days later , I 'm awakened in the early morning by a tel-tale beeping sound . It was the Wizard 's scheduale alarm , I had set the scheduale for an appointment that I had that day . I had forgotten about the appointment.I was under the impression that the organizer had shorted out , I WAS WRONG ! Despite all it went through , it still worked . Apparently I only had to wait until it 's circuits had dried up completely . When I checked the organizer , I found that all the data that was in it was still there . It did n't lose any data what so ever . Not even one entry , NOT EVEN ONE CHARACTER !! I would highly recommend the `` Sharp Wizard '' to anybody who is shopping for an organizer .
 I 'm on my second Sharp OZ-700 series organizer . I recently lost my first one.This is a first rate product . I have average sized men 's hands and I can touch type using the keyboard as long as I can rest the organizer on a flat surface.The memo section is limited to 2k . And as another reviewer noted , it 's annoying not to have warning when the limit is reached . But it 's effortless to carry this 7oz organizer around all of the time . I often use the memo feature to take notes in lecture situations . I use it to compose letters outside the office . What makes all of this practical is that the organizer docks with any P.C. so it 's easy to transfer data to my computer at work or home.The reason I do n't give the Sharp Wizard 5 stars is that the interface is kind of clunky . Another reviewer noted that if you have a reminder such as a birthday at the top , you have to scroll through the hours of 12 AM , 1 AM , 2 AM ... to 9AM to see the rest of your schedule for the day . With all due respect to the 3rd shift , I doubt many Sharp Wizard users are making appointments at 3 AM in the morning!But here 's a tip . When I have a reminder notice at the top of the screen on a particular day , I `` book '' an appointment that lasts from midnight to 8:00 called `` sleep '' . This eliminates having to scroll to see appointments for that day.Ron SchwartzAuthor of Computers are Tool-rific
 Previously , I was working with a small 64 kb organizer . When that one broke down after 5 years of trustful service , I had to buy a new one with a lot of memory . There are a number of definite advantages to my new Sharp : -LRB- 1 -RRB- the computer hook-up line is great
 I bought my Oz750 in Oct. 2000 for $ 50.00 . It has endured tropical humidity , extreme heat -LRB- inside a car -RRB- , falls , and infrequent use and yet this little organizer reliably stored all of my important info , phone nos. , addresses , and memos -LRB- birthdays , anniversaries -RRB- . This little device kept the PDA fad at bay in my case . Finally , last year one of the `` boards '' burned out and a company in Texas fixed it without any loss of data . Yesterday , 05-18-05 , a loss of battery power caused it to boot-up erratically and I accidentally erased/reinitialized the memory thus losing all of my data . The only reservation I have about the oz750 is the lack of data back-up/reliable PC link-up ; otherwise , I 'd buy another one . I finally relented and bought a PDA and I gave my oz750 away . It was the simple man 's `` pseudo-PDA '' .
 Many have given this watch a poor review and stated that if you enter any data into it without using the program it will be lost when you synchronize . this is totally untrue as I have found out . By default the computer database will overwrite any changes to existing entries on the watch . However when a comparrison check is run you will see blue arrows pointing from the `` PC '' column to the `` Watch '' column . To send the data from the watch to the database all you have to do is move your mouse to the blue arrow and click it . A menu will drop down giving you the option to send to check watch/PC , uncheck watch/PC , or delete . The storage capacity is pretty awesome , currently I have 157 hefty contact entries including multiple phone numbers comments and some email addresses and I still have 67 % free . The watch also identifies it 's owner and gives contact information in the event that it is found . I would have rated the system 5 stars if the software was n't substandard for the technology . It gets the job done but it could have been better . The manual will scare you because it looks like a dictionary but only because it contains multiple languages the actual pages are few and only touch on the modes of operation and do n't cover much detail . The PDF file on the CD will answer most of your questions regarding data entry . The biggest hit is it appears that the software is not available for download on Casio 's site hence no updates . The watch will synchronize with Outlook providing you have installed the software on the PC .
 I love writing with gel pens but they always clog and/or skip writing . Until I found this brand . Have used every color in the batch and all write smooth with no skipping . Will order more of these when I need them and will continue to recommend these to friends .
 There needs to be a bit more explanation as to lining up the checks for printing . If you have the patience to work through the process it is quite easy to operate . I now make quick work of check printing .
 The machine is easy to use . It has the feel of using a calculator . The machine is a little noisy in the printing process but otherwise it works fine .
 this is doing a great job holding binders on my desk . It would be even better if it were about1 inch deeper to better accomodate larger binders and books .
 Catalog rack arrived on time and as advertised . It is well constructed and is exactly what I was looking for to store/organize catalogs . Will look forward to doing business again with Shoplet Discount Office Supplies .
 This rack had the perfect measurement I needed to hold some books . It sits at just the right angle and makes it easy to see the books .
 I collect 8x10 photos and this is a very nice heavyweight product for storage and display . Would reorder in a heartbeat .
 I needed these and the price was great . I would recommend these to anyone that is looking . Great for my project .
 Love my jr. padholder . It 's basically used for all my quick notes and daily things to do . The size is perfect and the quality is very good . Ordered mine in Tan which looks great . It was a great find .
 This padfolio is very convinient when you are on the go , I always keep it in my car for any sudden note.Leather is very nice and durable.Will recommend this product to anyone
 This writing padfolio is just what I was looking for . I wanted something small , stylish , sturdy and leather bound for the inside car door pocket . It is just the right size and handy when needed to jot down notes . The inside has a pocket for receipts and other papers . There is also a place for business cards . The leather is very durable for everyday use . However , there is no suede lining as described . In addition , the pen loop is not located in the center of the fold . There is a separate one attached to the edge of the inside cover . This writing padfolio definitely satisfies my needs .
 I gave this to my best friend who is a corporate executive to take his board room meetings . He has gotten many compliments on what a beautiful product the padfolio is and he likes how it is lightweight and lacks bulk , yet it is encompassed in genuine leather . Will definitely buy similar products from Royce Leather again . I 'm sure other Royce Leather users will back me up as this is the third product I have purchased from them and all three have been outstanding . I have no idea where the other reviewer is coming from .
 Everything is great about the product , shipping , etc except the color . The padfolio does not look burgundy . It looks sort of a maroon with a lot of brown in it .
 I have had these before and it finally wore out . . after 5 years ! I love them . . I bought 2 different colors this time so they could match my outfits . It clips to my lanyard nicely and has a long reach so I do n't have to take it off to swipe my card .
 I work in the medical field , so i purchased this clearly for my I.D. badge , and it works great ! I only wished it had a pinch style on the back .
 I really like this retractable badge reel , but I wish I would have known the type of clip it had on it . I 'd prefer a pinch-type clip to a belt-loop clip .
 This worked great for my 1970 's house . The adapter is kind of bulky , but it does the job . The jacks were expensive to re-wire , so I bought these . If I do say so myself , it was a good idea !
 I 've had one of these rules for more than ten years and still use it for press checks or designing documents . Having four scales is essential for making fast assessments and working with different folks who may spec their documents in picas , points , inches , or centimeters . I 've found mine to be accurate and exact enough for what I can see -LRB- but rely on what I 'm seeing on my monitor for exact measurements -RRB- . The black-on-silver color combo holds up well and offers a decent visual contrast whether measuring columns of type , photos , or graphics . The ruler is durable though showing a few scratches from having who knows what tossed into the drawer where I keep it , and the rounded edges allow me to wield it freely without worrying about damaging paper -- or skin for that matter.I suppose a see-through rule might offer advantages in some cases but I prefer the heft and weight of a metal ruler over plastic ones . I 'm guessing I 'll have this one until I lose it , someone swipes it , or I pass it along to my next of kin .
 I had purchased a similar item from Staples however , after a few months the magnets we no longer adhearing to the file . This one has worked great .
 This is a simple , large plastic pocket -LRB- smoked -RRB- that hols legal size file folders and paperwork . The magnet strips were large , more than an inch wide and about 5 inches long . I stuck this to the side of my file cabinet . It holds a lot of HEAVYpaper and files . I found I had to `` tug '' it to get it to come off . Outstanding ! I will boy more of these . I can not find them in the store and I like getting them faster and less expensive from Amazon anyway . Why drive and look ??
 I first ordered this product nearly a year ago . When it came it did not contain the magnetic strip so I returned it and received a replacement that was complete . It works great . I 've had it on my fridge for nearly a year now and have had it stuffed full without any problems . I 'm ordering more today .
 It is so easy to print pictures and put them anywhere with this post it like paper . The pictures are not glossy but definitely look better than paper . They stick easily anywhere and everywhere and leave no residue . I have this collage on my wall that I have had for almost three years and they are still there in place ! After you print it out be careful to not touch it and let it dry because it smudges easy . Other than that I would recommend to anyone who loves printing pictures !
 I have been using the 81/2 x 11 sheets of this paper to put my monthly calendars on the fridge , and I love to use the 4x6 size for photos . Do n't know why these products are so hard to find ! Thank goodness for Amazon.com !
 This product , Post-it Picture Paper is great . You can just peel the backing off and put it anywhere you want a picture to go . You can also make pictures into stickers using this product . Great !!! Glad I was able to find this product at Amazon.com.Remember no more magnets putting up pictures .
 This is a great product ! Those looking for an all in one drum solution wo n't find it here , but for $ 50 you get well more than should be expected . Anyone serious about beat production will have a good sample library , pro sequencer , and truly get the most out of idrum as a plugin.CM
 Folks criticize this software because it does n't do what they want . Seems to me it make more sense to see what it does and then decide whether it 's a good buy . You can download a demo with documentation and use it for ten days and decide for yourself . I 've decided it 's a very usable tool for a great price.You can make a beat very quickly and intuitively , import your own sounds including non-drum sounds , do stutter effects , do very cool variable amount swingish beats , 999 bar songs , save patterns , kits etc.As for a four four only time signature - do some math ! Five bars of four can be converted to 5/4 . 124/4 / bars wil get you 3/4 besides if you are doing hip hop or downtempo electronica , most likely you 'll be in 4/4 ! You ca n't beat it for 50 bucks .
 I used this on the detail finish on a medium fire ceramic chess piece i made and it worked great . Very solid , good coverage , and appears like real gold . I 'm really impressed with these pens by Krylon
 Excellent color and easier to use than paint and a brush for touching up worn gold leafing on ceramic figurines !
 This pen has saved my husband from some very tedious work with a small brush .
 This pen does what it says it does , but to restore fine gold lines on porcelin will take some practice because the tip is multi-purpose and there does not appear to be a fine point product . Still , for display plates and other items , it allows you to fill in the lines that have been worn off over time . I do n't know how this would work if you were going to wash the object after restoring the gold line , nor did I investigate whether it is food safe , but for refinishing display pieces it works fairly well . I gave it only four stars because of the difficulty in creating a fine line with the tip that is provided , but otherwise it was exactly what I was looking for .
 i haveused thease markers for the last few years . They are easy to use and the color is a true gold . . They last a long time and can be used on almost any surface without a problem . The will however tarnish over time . For best results it is a good idea to seal the finish with a good poly after the gold has cured for a few days and the finish will last for years .
 This pen is great ! I have used it almost all already and I just got it last week . It is great for picture frame touchup , statues , even fingernails as my daughter tells and shows me ;-RRB- I would use this pen anytime I need the look of real matte 18 karat gold !
 This product is easy to use and the results are lovely . I filled in some blank areas in an antique Italian side table . Thanks !
 First time user.The cons with paint pens is that you apply pressure to get the paint flowing and so you do not get a constant even flow at the time . It just takes some getting used to and you need to practice a little to achieve the right effect . And I do wish I could also find it with a thinnner tip for more detailed work.But this is a quality product that looked great on my artwork and gave it more sophisticated flair .
 This pen is extremely wonderful product for any crafter . I would highly recommend this to all scrapbookers and card makers .
 Great gold leaf coverage . Easy to use and looks like the real thing . I will purchase again in other colors .
 Easy to touch-up the raised badges on my 1985 Goldwing . Their appearance is not new , but much closer than before . Pretty good quality and cheap too .
 It works well and looks like copper leafing . They used to have them at craft stores , now I have to get them here .
 shipping is so far over the top that I wo n't buy any small item here again !
 I realized only after entering the order that I could have made a higher order and would have received S&H free of charge . I wrote to the company 2 minutes after placing the order . Never got an answer back . This is bad policy .
 I got theFellowes 25400 12-Section Compartment Sorter , Melamine Laminated , Medium Oak -LRB- LOL , Medium Oak not full oak . -RRB- I was thinking it was all wood . its not the shelves are cardboard . however it is a Vary nice cardboard and was vary strong with the plastic supports on front of the horizontal card board shelves . the Assembly was some what ez for me , but i am good at that . all in all its strong after assembly and looks good once you get past the Vary nice looking cardboard . the price is also the lowest you can get and not get something that is made of all cardboard .
 I ordered this for my boss so that we can use this in our copy room .
 We use these at work and I knew that this would be just what I was looking for . Great for keeping things separated . At first they may seem flimsy but after you get it together and let it sit , it becomes very sturdy . It really worked out well for what I needed . Very very pleased and it was shipped very fast .
 Purchased this for my classroom . It is very helpful and easier to keep things better organized . This is the secound one I 've bought and it is for me . The first one I got I use as my students mailboxes and they empty them at the end of the day before going home .
 I 'm a teacher , and handling paper is always a chore . With this product , my students can turn in their papers in alphabetical order , which reduces my paper-handling tasks substantially .
 I 've had this product since 2005 . Like other reviewers have mentioned , I was disappointed when I received this and realized that the shelving and back cover are made of cardboard . I was afraid that the thin fastener nails would n't keep things together . That said , I 've had the unit for over six years and I 've moved over five times -LRB- college student -RRB- and it has n't received any functional defects . Cosmetic , yes ; a little scuffing . The melamine holds up . Pricey , though . Thinking of getting thisFellowes Bankers Box 21-Compartment Literature Sorter , Letter -LRB- 04210 -RRB- in the near future . I have so much -LSB- expletive omitted -RSB- paper !
 The file holder holds all of our large and small maps . You can fit more than one into each opening so realistically you can fit plenty more than 20 rolls depending on thickness . Great way to clean up our maps .
 I was pleased with the design of the plan holder . I was concerned that the grid would not properly hold the plans , but it works fine . The casters are a handy feature for moving the unit around my studio . Much better than my old flimsy cardboard plan holders .
 This took about 7 minutes to put together , very simple , looks great , small enough to take up just right amount of space in office and large enough to hold average size plans for build out without too much detail . The larger ground ups or detail build outs/guts will not go in this . They also delivered VERY quickly which automatically earns a 5 star in my book .
 This works very well at keep my mylar films from being damaged . It also keeps them where I can get at them when needed .
 We bought 4 of these for the office . Assembly was easy and they work perfect for holding our maps and prints .
 Product as advertised , fairly easy to put together . It is relatively sturdy , and does roll easily on the attached wheels . I do not have thick drawings in each compartment , so It is just right for me .
 I agree with the above review . The shredder clears its own paper jams . Self oils , which is really nice . Has wheels also nice . It is heavy and the shipping company will balk at delivery to any place that is not easy to reach for them , not you . It took 4 days of struggle to get the freight line to deliver to my door at the top of a long driveway . I offered more money for the delivery but they refused . The home office of the shipper was called . The seller and Fellows got on them too . Finally I got my shredder .
 The shredder is fine . Big , powerful , and safe ; it should withstand years of the kind of use that I 'll make of it . But it 's also heavy . You really need the shipping company to unpack and place it in its final location . I found out that `` threshold delivery '' means the shipper will deliver it just inside the door . More importantly , there 's no mention of this in the order process , and no way to pay more to have it delivered where you 'd like .
 Fellowes 425ciAs a small business , I have a problem where I generate 3 file boxes of paper that needs to stored , and the problem becomes worse when it is time to shred . I have gone through 4 office shredders and I felt I needed something more heavier duty to shred the archived paperwork . This shredder has been my answer . The bin fills up after one file box full of paper , but makes easy work of the chore . I love that it self oils and since it has wheels , it can be easily move into the corner after I have finished . I have a Fellowes confetti shredder for daily use . I use a 45 gallon trash bag as a liner instead of the trash bags that you can get from Fellowes . I only had this shredder for a few days and will I can hopefully update this review after several months . There are more expensive Fellowes shredders and I am not sure how they compare to this model . Even though the directions does not recommend using the shredder for radiographic film , I have found that it does a great job of shredding .
 What a monster of a machine . Does a great job . Had an issue with the machine due to the deliver truckline , but the vendor corrected it and now I am a happy camper
 Great at doing what it is supposed to do - shredding . One thing though ... you must have a dedicated outlet for it .
 I ordered all my son 's school supplies on line , via Amazon . This is just as described - a spiral bound note book with 3 subject option inside . I will say , that the stuff did not arrive in 2 days -LRB- more like 3-4 -RRB- but it was a ridiculously busy time of year and my local staples runs out of everything at the same time . Next time I 'll order before Labor Day and everything should go more smoothly , but Amazon 's stationery is well priced and well packaged , arriving safely and in good condition .
 I didnt read the discription close enough . I thought I was getting 3 different notebooks but it 's one notebook with 3 sections . Still good binder , cant go wrong with Mead .
 The price is so much better online for such items compared to the local Staples store . Items arrived in 3-4 days , and were perfect . The paper quality is good , the spiral binding holds together well . I used the Ampad notebooks earlier , but they tend to smudge the ink often . These Mead notebooks are far superior in quality - no ink smudges , no paper crumpling , paper looks new even after several months .
 I get about 40 of these per year for students . They hold up well during our various six-week classes . They do not have the stiffer feel of more expensive notebooks , but when buying these you are not paying for the higher quality . So I 'd say for the price , they are great . The reason I gave these 4 stars instead of five , is simply because of the amazon price . I get these at costco.com for $ 1.84 each , shipping included . I do a ton of shopping at amazon and usually their prices are very competitive , even with costco . Not so in this case .
 I was a little skeptical about buying notebooks online . I tend to be pretty picky , and I hate getting flimsy books full of cheap paper . Those pages where the ink 's half gone ? Gross.Thanks to the low price , I decided to bite the bullet and stock up on these notebooks from Amazon . They 're what you 'd expect in a basic Mead notebook - reliable quality at a decent price . Soft , smooth paper with squared edges on the page -LRB- I hate the rounded edges ... is it just me ? -RRB- . I 'm glad I bought a few , because these are exactly what I needed.There are two potential minuses when buying these notebooks . First of all , there are no ring holes . If you like to keep your notebook inside your three-ring binder , this one wo n't work for you . Secondly , the notebooks are pretty flexible - which I like , but you might not . This notebook does n't have the uber-thick paper cover and cardboard backing that most multi-subject notebooks do . The front covers are pretty thin , and the backing is plain cardboard on the outside with coating on the inside -LRB- think gift boxes for shirts -RRB- . These books would be ideal for rolling up and sticking into your pocket or a bag that 's pressed for space . I can see where some people might want a book that feels a little sturdier , though so far the flexibility has n't presented a problem.If you need a basic , budget notebook , this is the one to get .
 Great price for these three note books . Three subjects ! I have work and games and ? , but it is perfect for what I need .
 Handy notebook to keep in car or office . Good price so can have several for different topics .
 It worked for what I needed it to , but the cover would n't fit to the box as if the plastic was bent .
 I ordered this paper because it was recommended by the dealer for my Konica Minolta Bizhub 253 . They had recommended against using any of the InkJet type papers with this color laser printer . They gave me a sample ream , which worked well - high quality color images on nice crisp paper . I was running out of the ream they gave me , so I ordered this . The price was reasonable , and shipping was free.It arrived quickly , with the two reams in a box . The printed wrapping on each ream is plastic , and there was not enough to keep the reams from bouncing around in the slightly oversized box , so the plastic was a little torn on each ream -LRB- although it was largely intact -RRB- , the only reason I did not rate this five stars . However , the wrapping was largely intact , and the paper completely usable .
 I use this product for casual photo printing at home when I do n't want to use regular paper or card stock . It 's called glossy and it 's definitely not matte , but if I were referring to it in paint terms I 'd call it `` satin '' finish instead of glossy.The thickness is n't as thick as cardstock and the texture is exactly the same as HP Brochure Paper -LRB- item Q6610A -RRB- Printing quality/results are exactly the same too and brightness on both products is 97 . So if you 're going to be mounting the pictures in a frame or some way that you wo n't be able to `` feel '' the thickness of the print , you can purchase item HP Q6610A and get the same high quality photo printing results but you get 50 more sheets for $ 1 less .
 You have to use this paper for printing photos on your color laser printer . I tried the matte finish and it just does n't look as nice -LRB- though it 's really not too bad -RRB- . Just got buy one get one with free next business day shipping on the hp website .
 Very good paper . Those who say it smears did not change their print properties to `` glossy presentation style '' . The default paper is for regular plain paper . If you do n't change this , the toner will smear from the printer wheels . If you change your print properties to glossy , no problems as the printer will heat and set the toner differently . All the best ! BW
 Great paper for presentation and corporate handouts.I have used it with a HP colorlaserjet 3600dn and Minolta magicolor 2300DL . works for both the printers.Make sure you select heavy stock paper type or else the paper will feed through at a fast speed and the printout may be smudged or result in an unneeded paper jam in the fuser .
 Could n't find laser photo paper locally . This allows me to print glossy photos from my color laser that look as good as or maybe a little better than my photo-inkjet printer . Fast shipping too .
 It was exactly what I needed , works great , affordable price , recieved quickly . Very happy with the product and a very happy customer .
 This paper is everything it is advertised to be . It has nice weight , you can print on both sides which is less confusing when lining it up in the tray , and it is not too glossy .
 THEY WORK FINE . I JUST COULD N'T HELP MY SELF I ERASED EVERY THING IN SIGHT . I 'M OK NOW . THANK YOU .
 The product picture on Amazon is a tiny bit misleading . Yes its clearly written that this are ONLY the refills but I can imagine some people really didnt look as close and thought they get a deal of a lifetime.So , be aware , its only the little eraser rolls that fir in Steadlers electric eraser.They work well tough
 This is awesome . I did n't know what to expect because there is n't how many . I was glad , there are 30 refills , for the price of an electric refill with 10 refills . Not great deal but it works for now .
 this is what all the cool kids need . you wan na rock ? get this ! it is just the cutest planner in the world ... the only issue i have is that they need to come out with extra sheets ... but other than that , if u dont have one , ur out of it .
 This is a lovely item . Good for any age.I got one for my daughter , and at 50 years old I have one too!The book is lightweight , so no heavy bag issues here , and it 's just plain fun ! Reminds me of the `` Barbie '' days ! Very nostalgic.Go on , live a little !
 LOVE this planner , got it last Christmas from another bad-girl . I absolutely agree with everyone about the stickers , to-do & to-don ' t lists , and especially the fact that one can write in the week . I am having a problem though , I 've run out of my weekly sheets ! Does anyone know where I can get anymore ? Currently I am scouring the web for planner re-fills . I 'll check back on the site , thanks ! : -RRB-
 I got this during a hectic , without-calendar , annoying month in which I also ordered my replacement Palm . Have n't started using the Palm yet -LRB- long story -RRB- , so this is PERFECT ... especially because it 's undated . This means I can pick it up whenever I do n't want to use a different planning device and use it.Especially good for cheering yourself up , egging yourself on , and pinking-out people suspicious of or negative toward the color pink and its various connotations . Also
 The Bad Girl 's Power Planner was exactly what I was hoping it would be . Small enough to take with me wherever I go , very pink -LRB- an attention grabber amongst all my friends ... I 'm quite sure I 've inspired many of them to go purchase it as well -RRB- , and cute little girly sketches throughout to remind me of things like what Fridays are really for -LRB- not for plopping onto the couch with exhaustion and tossing in a movie that I can fall asleep to ! -RRB- It has a weekly planner , a space for phone numbers and addresses , note paper and `` to-do lists '' , everything a planner should have , but stylish as well !
 At first i kinda had my doubts about this planner cuz i wanted something different but this seemed way too out there for me . But i bought it figuring if i dont like it i can send it back . This planner is great !!! i agree with the other reviews that it doesnt have enough pages , but for the bargain price i bought 3 and just transferred the pages over ... this is a great gift for yourself or ur girlfriends .
 I bought one of these for each of my daughters -LRB- 19 and 30 -RRB- - this is just too funny ... it is a great organizer - for school or work . And it has attitude !
 i have had at least 4 of this and i have bough at least one as a gift , i love it , only wish you could get refills i always by a new book , but other than that i will continue to purchase this item
 This is a really cute planner , it 's very girly but it does n't have a lot of room for appointments ! Other than that it does have a lot of writing room for notes and other things .
 I love this planner ! First the obvious reasons
 A must for the Bad Girl on the go , I bought this hella-cute planner in November '03 and it has been sitting on my desk since I ran out of pages . Sure , I still write naughty notes and use the addys portion -LRB- dig the spaces for such info as shoe size and bad girl alias -RRB- . I 'm sure I 'll end up buying another one soon , but refills would be nice too , with more stickers . ; -RRB-
 It 's easy to keep organized with a planner this cute . If you 're going to buy a planner , better an over-the-top girlie pink one than some bland , boring , generic one.The stickers included are fun and useful -LRB- I use stars to mark important dates -RRB- . I am a little worried after reading others reviews about refills not being available ... I hope they start selling refill pages by the time I run out.The weekly schedule pages have funny reminders
 I bought this organizer for my best friend for Christmas and she loved it -LRB- she 's 18 -RRB- . I loved the fact she loved it and bought one for myself too . We spend more time than neccessary thinking up our `` bad girl alias '' which is by the way mandatory for any bad girl ;-RRB- It comes with stickers , cute notes , tabs , all the little girly stuff I am sure any girl would love . It is a decent size -LRB- you do n't have to cramp your hand to write in it but still small enough to haul around -RRB- . It 's cute , functional , and pink . What more could a girl ask for ?
 I love using this planner ! Its made of a fantastic pink durable plastic/vinly on the outside . On the inside it is very well organized . It even has a place to keep your friends address info.There is plenty of room to write down what you have to do each day -LRB- with a weekly layout -RRB- . There is also a place for your ideas , notes , and stickers to put everywhere -LRB- birthday , manicure , shopping therapy -RRB- . I really recommend getting this planner because if you need a planner for all of your business needs , it makes it so much more fun -LRB- positive reinforcement -RRB- to open up this entertaining planner , than to dread opening up your usual boring basic planner .
 I was a bit hesitant about buying this planner because I 've become accustomed to the boring black ones I 've bought from an office supply store for as long as I can remember . However , I absolutely LOVE this planner ! It has a weekly calendar that allows you to write in the dates , so you can use it for any year . Unlike most other planners , this one also has a phone book , a to-do list , and room for various notes . I 've never had enough of just plain scribble space in the other planners , so this is great ! This planner is just so darn adorable that it makes you want to be organized . In addition , once you pull this pink planner out of your bag , it 's an instant conversation starter , because everyone else is still walking around with a boring black one .
 This is the cutest planner ever ! Has a ton of space for adresses , notes , and planing . I do agree with everyone else about selling refills , because once mine runs out of space I will be very sad :-LRB- . BUY NOW YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED !
 I received my planner and was suprised that it was really well thought about when being put together . The only thing that I would like to see is offering refills too . At this point they are not able to be found . Im still enjoying it .
 I just loved this organizer ! i first saw it at b & n , I saw the price , then went to amazon.com and got it almost half price ! I love the soft , pink cover , and all the hilarious comments . they really just add a little humor to your day.I also love to stand out , as this organizer does the trick ! there are so many boring black organizers out there . it also comes w / cute stickers ! im so exited that I baught this , now I get so many complements on how cute it is . . oh yeah I forgot to mention it also keeps my life organized ! get it ! be a bad girl , turn things around !!
 I 'm not the sort to carry a planner , but when I saw this one I had to have it . When it arrived , I was amazed to find it was actually of decent quality ! Not only adorable , but very functional ! I highly reccomend !
 This is one of the most beautiful blue inks in the world for fountain pens.Some Noodler 's inks are waterproof , but this one is not . Do n't use this color to write checks or sign valuable or important documents . Noodler 's inks come in many colors , including some other blues that are waterproof , and a few that are even forgery-proof . Again , this one , Noodler 's Blue , is not waterproof . It also does n't spread itself over exposed metal surfaces -LRB- like nibs -RRB- like some Noodler 's waterproof and partly-waterproof colors do.If you want this hue and shade , and you do n't need it to be waterproof , this is the one for you . Students should know that this one , unlike most blue fountain pen inks , can not be chemically eradicated/erased by eradicators like the Pelikan Super-Pirat .
 I have tired about a dozen different inks and really like the blue color of this ink . It is similar to but lighter than Noodlers Ottoman Azure .
 This is the 3rd bottle of Noodlers I have ordered . The color is great , the flow is perfect in my vintage pens , and SAFE for them . The Eel is a little wetter - which I prefer , and seems to me to be a bit smoother ... . that blue reminds me of a sapphire ink I purchased in the 80s . The standard blue is a bit brighter , and reminds me of my favorite Euro blue from the 80s decade also .
 This pen gets my best marks for looks , portability , stability , and writing quality . I bought this one as a spare when I thought I had lost my original -LRB- subsequently found -RRB- . My most-used pen .
 Love the design and how well it fits in any size pocket . This is not the first pen I have and they are really durable .
 Love , love , LOVE this pen ! Have used mine constantly for more than 2 years , tho ' it finally ran out of ink ... -LRB- if you can , you should prob purchase several refills when you get the pen , to save you the trouble of hunting down the refill -RRB- It fits in my slacks pocket perfectly -LRB- without weighing it down visibly -RRB- , is available instantly , and feels great in my hand . I 'm a little sad that it shows wear on the end after so much use -LRB- I have the blue one -RRB- , but its performance is amazing ! Wish that everything I purchased brought me so much pleasure.LOVE it !!!
 Great little pocket pen about 3.7 '' -LRB- 94mm -RRB- closed , but expands to a comfortable length -LRB- 4.9 '' , 125mm -RRB- when you click it .
 I was so happy to get the pen ... then I saw how it opened and experienced how it wrote and it exceeded all my expectations . Let 's see how it lasts over time , but as I have bought Lamy pens for years -LRB- and still have all of them -RRB- , there 's little doubt that this one will last too .
 My wife uses it for her everyday activities and loves the originality of this writing tool , it really write well and looks elegant .
 This is my second Pico pen ; lost the first one . I go practically nowhere without this pen ; drop the thing in my pocket and I do n't know it 's there until I need it . Great conversation piece , too . Most everybody has a comment about it . Oh , and it writes well , too .
 scoring works OK . you need to press pretty hard to score cardstock . nice , cheap blade for an extra function for your paper cutter .
 It looks just like the trimming blade , but it scores . I di n't want to buy a scoring board at extra expense . I just bought the replacement blade and saved $ 30 , and also saved space in my station . It works well for one card stock at a time . I do n't think it will work for more than one card at a time . I 've already used it several times .
 I have n't used these yet , but the other blades that came with the Fiskars cutting board are great . It 's easy to use and having one in `` reserve '' assures me that I wo n't get hung up in the middle of a project .
 I got these for my Mom for Christmas . She lives in a small town and was complaining about how she could n't find these anymore . She was THRILLED to receive these . They were part of a present that included pretty stationery and pens . I love the colors and that it came in a great organized container .
 I do professional quality fine art printing on an Epson 3800 printer with this paper , and the results are the best I 've seen on any of the various matte papers I 've used to date . The color gamut and Dmax are fantastic . Before using , be sure you have the right profile downloaded for your printer and ink combination or results will be unpredictable . This paper is worth every cent . My customers marvel over its weight and texture .
 Quite a reliable phone with handy features . Really Good for a small home .
 Item is exactly as described by seller . Transparent plastic clipboard in neon green with low profile clip . Color is nice and bright , will help brighten up any office . Color also greatly assists in finding clipboard amongst many others . Would highly recommend .
 So pretty much these are the same watercolors I 've been using for years . They are good paints , but as with any water color set you get , I strongly suggest that you invest in a good brush . The brush starting falling apart during its first use . I personally water color as a hobby and prefer using just one good number 14 , which works well for my purposes . As for the colors themselves , they work really well . The only inconvenience is that there is no white ; otherwise , any other color can be mixed .
 Works awesomely :-RRB- I ordered two of these and Im glad I did my daughter of course claimed one of them lol
 I could n't find any Prang paints locally , so it was so easy to order from Amazon . They came in time for the first day of school , too. ,
 This seller was great in working with me . I emailed my questions and got quick response . My product was mailed quick and I am so happy . I teach lower elementary and needed art supplies at a good price .
 Great calculator , but hard to find now . New ones crop up on eBay now and then.Highly recommended if you are a serious calculator user .
 A Great buy , save $ and user friendly except for the annoying beeps and changing the slipery battery holder ' .
 I 've been using the HP48 series calculator for more than 10 years , starting with the original SX model during my college days , and later upgrading to the current GX model . Since I 've never used any brand of calculator other than HP I can only judge this model on its own merits . The 48GX is an amazing and powerful tool . It has been by my side through countless college exams , homework assignments , the FE and PE exams , and my current profession as an engineer . The beauty of this calculator is that the more you learn about its operation and functions , the more powerful it becomes . Writing a short program to number crunch or perform routine calculations is a breeze . Like any other calculator , this unit will not make you smarter , nor will it solve problems you could n't otherwise solve , but it will greatly assist in countless calculating and programming tasks . I would recommend the HP48 as an indispensable tool for a student or professional in the math and scientific fields .
 Hewlett-Packard 's HP48GX is an excellent RPN calculator packed with just about every mathematical tool you 'd need to handle a huge range of engineering and scientific work . Initially somewhat daunting in use - almost every key has multiple functions , and you * do * need to refer to the printed manual for the first week or so - it quickly becomes an indispensable tool . For years before I got this device , I was a loyal Casio user with a number of FX-series machines to my name - and a sneaking suspicion of RPN -LRB- I knew too many ` RPN zealots ' who would sniffily remark
 Quite simply the best calculator you can buy . Once you wrap your puny brain around the RPN way of doing math , you will never want another calculator again . The only minor complaint is that some of the built in functions can be slower than I would like .
 I have this Calculator since my junior year and really loved it . Although manual and instruction lack clearity , this one sure help me passed my EIT -LRB- engineer in training -RRB- license exam . But this calculator 's memory and expandibility is limited compare to its successor 49GX for more complicated engineering applications.This calculator is good for engineering students and engineers planning to take EIT license exam . But for PE -LRB- professional engineer -RRB- license exam , I am looking into HP 49GX with built-in engineering application software combo to boost my chances .
 I started using HP calculators in college with a 15C -LRB- which admirably survived a mauling by a beagle puppy -RRB- that I still use today . When I started with my first employer , the calculator of choice was the 41CX as many programs had been written in house for our specific tasks -LRB- This was when a 12MHz 286 was a HOT machine ! -RRB- I bought my 48GX at a going-out-of-business sale for -LRB- $ -RRB- . I could hardly pass that up . Now that I 've used it for about a year , I have found that it is quite capable , but the programming is tougher than on the 41 series . One negative comapred the 41 family is quick access to memories . When doing a long series of calculations that have a lot of intermediate results , it 's a bit harder on the 48 . Having said that , even at the price here , it is good value for money .
 First of all I would laike to say that the bips are really annoying , however , it is very easy to disable them in the MODES menu . It is not an easy calc , like some casio , though mucho powerfull . For instance a regular casio will only make upto 3 grade polinomians an the HP will make everything!Programing it is excellent!But the best thing is the incredible large sopport you can find in Internet , from tutorials to huge program libraries ... I am studing engeneering and I think it 's a must-have .
 I 've owned HP calulators since they first came out - that funny model with the red letters and now have a HP48-GX which has been my pal for about 7 years or so.Well there are some Grrr 's . To avoid collision with global variables try using lower case and you will go nuts . The cursed thing does not allow you to protect a variable or funtion against an Opps . That really gets annnoying when you 've just entered the long and lat of fifty cities and then do an Oh-S ___ t.But all and all the HP-48GX is like your dog - no matter how much it irritates you want to take it everywhere to record idle facts , notions , and observations . Heck , with a HP-48 someday you might grow up to be smart . Just do n't loose the memory and do n't even think pare parts aare available.Rob
 Una de las m&aacute;quinas m&aacute;s versatiles creada a la fecha , HP se ha caracterizado por ofrcer soluciones m&aacute;s que productos y esta es una de ellas . utilizar una HP48 es un desafio mental , es algo que lleva a la investigaci&oacute;n y la busqueda de informaci&oacute;n .
 For a serious electronic engineering student in his senior year in college , calculations extensively revolve around converting units including bases as well as vectors . Compared to it 's competitions from TI , it is such a no nonsense super-powerful engineering calculator that even the TI-92 does n't come close to what this 48-GX can do . Entering numbers in RPN format may be quite tricky at first , but after about 4-hrs later , I came to prefer this format over the algebraic one . RPN totally eliminates the need of parenthesis . Algebriac fans can do algebriac entry and/or display too . It has a massive expendable equation library , so there is no need to carry around a ton of formula sheets . I also own a TI-85 and a CASIO FX-115W . Other than not being able to graph , the little $ 20 CASIO is much stronger and capable than the TI . It can do integration , derivatives , and can easily convert bases -LRB- HEX , BIN , DEC -RRB- and vectors -LRB- POL , REC -RRB- . Up until I bought the 48-GX , I only used the CASIO . Now I do n't have to use the CASIO anymore . I did some comparisons with my friends and found out that this HP calculator has all the ability of a TI-89 and a CASIO FX-2 as well as the usability of a CASIO-FX-115W , in addition to many more features , including easy expendable memory using cards which can be used like floppy disks to store infinite data , alarm clock , dnld and play music , x-fers to other 48-G/G + / GX by means of infrared light , symbolic calculations that can be converted into a numeric answer in one step , add/sub/mul / div polar and rectangular formats together in the same step , and do n't forget the UNDO button when something goes oops . This is only to mention a few . It comes with an intro manual , and a very good comprehensive manual . If you are an engineer or a serious engineering student , one day alone with the 48-GX is all you need to famaliarize yourself with it , and chances are you 'll never go back to a weak and overpriced TI again . If you do n't need 3D analysis , HP-39G or CASIO FX-2 .0 is recommendable , which are equal to TI-86 . If you do n't need graphing , CASIO FX-115W is a good choice .
 Being a college professor of Electrical Engineering for over 30 years , and having used numerous brands and models of calculators and having written reviews of some of them for various publications , there is no doubt in my mind that the HP48GX is indeed head and shoulders above all the other calculators -LRB- even the HP49 -RRB- . The RPL entry system is a natural and easy to learn process that mimics the pencil and paper approach that we 've all learned in Grammar school arithmetic . The efficiency of input and the ease with which it handles comlex-number calculations is second to none . Formulae can be entered with mixed units and the calculator automatically performs internal conversions to present the answer in whatever valid units you desire . It handles 2-D and 3-D vectors with all the corresponding mathematical operations seemlessly . The infrared connectivity -LRB- wireless -RRB- and RS232 port -LRB- wire -RRB- both allow communication between another HP calculator and your computer . This calculator has the right mix of ` function per key ' versus ` menu per key ' that makes it very easy to negotiate.One can enter a formula in algebraic notation and the calculator can solve for one of the variables in symbolic and/or numeric form -LRB- if all the other vales are specified -RRB- . The keystroke error recovery facility is superb . A couple of days with this calculator and most people can not go back to their old ` Algebraic Operating System ' calculators , with its cumbersome parenthesis , without making a mistake.There is not enough space here to praise this calculator to the extent that it deserves . Over the years with all the students and professionals I 've had contact with , I know of no one who has ever regretted purchasing this calculator except for the fact that they realized that they waisted money on purchasing their AOS calculators .
 This an incredible machine . Has a bit of a learning curve to be able to harness it 's power , though . Has unit conversion , terrific equation capability , and probably more software written for it than any other calculator in the world . If you just need basic calculator functions , however , this is n't the one for you . Also , if you 're not familiar with RPN -LRB- reverse polish notation , i.e. 4 ENTER 5 + displays 9 , instead of algebraic 4 + 5 = displaying 9 -RRB- , then you should avoid it ; buy a cheaper RPN machine 1st and see if you can adapt to it . RPN , however , is far superior to algebraic notation once you get used to it . Do NOT waste your money on the HP 49 , which I also own , and ca n't stand . The HP 49 has rubber buttons which are hard to press , and a bizzare color , and is very difficult to use .
 To store ' 5 ' on the HP48 line of calculators , hit 5 -LSB- enter -RSB- . It 's stored . You can even see where it 's stored right away because you 're always looking at the bottom four stack entries . It seems the previous reviewer believes that the way TI does calculators is the way calculators should be done . If that 's you , buy a TI . Storing a value in a named variable is a fundamentally different way of thinking about calculation from the way HP decided to do it.With RPN , there is very rarely any need for a named variable and it only took me about an hour to start using this calculator for fairly complex EE homework . One of the things I noticed about RPN fairly quickly is that if you 're doing complex calculations , you 'll often build up intermediate values and then bring the intermediate values together at the end . My study-buddies were always writing down their intermediate values , I just left them on the stack while I did the other calculations . More often than not , those previously calculated values were exactly where I needed them when I needed them later . Everyone else was punching back in the values that they had previously written down -LRB- with the possibility of error on each transcription -RRB- or trying to remember which variable they had stored them in.I do n't mean to ding the TI approach , I used to work at TI and I think they make a great product . I simply think that the HP has a subtly better philosophy of calculation and a massively better keyboard in the 48s/sx/g / sx line of calculators .
 The HP48GX is an amazing calculator ... . It has an amazing and easy to use built-in Equation Library -LRB- with graphics and variable description -RRB- , its graphical capabilities are astounding . Even the Integration/Derivative functions are really nice to use.The only flaw that I noticed
 I 've had an HP48GX for almost eight years now , and it has been a wonderful and flawless calculator . The HP 's take a little more getting used to than some other calculators , but once you learn how to use them , you can be much more efficient with them than with others -LRB- my opinion -RRB- . I only have two complaints about this calculator :1 . The screen needs to be protected , and the included case does n't quite cut it . However , this can be fixed by simply placing a piece of cardboard in the case .2 . The processor speed is a little slow when compared to today 's -LRB- 2002 -RRB- calculators , so the graphing speed suffers a little . However , I do n't need to graph things too often , so this does n't really matter .
 I am a electrical/electronic engineer working in a research laboratory , and have 20 + years of calculator use behind me ! I have owned HP calculators since the earliest days and an HP48 series for many years now.Although expensive , value for money is very good given the quality , performance and longevity on offer.Plus points - RPN logic ; wonderful tactile keys ; display - especially display of the ` stack ' which holds intermediate results when evaluating a long formula ; equation solver and associated graphing ; ease of ` everyday ' programming ; matrix entry tool ; complex number , vector and matrix math are as easy as real number math with no special ` modes ' to set ; numerical integration of functions ; analytic solution of integrals and differentials ; directory structured memory for user programs , functions and data ; user definable ` soft keys ' ; PC connection for backup & programming . The solid construction - mine works very hard and is still as good as new.Negative points . Graphic functions and especially the graphical equation editor can be slow . More complex programming needs study of the programming language and the manual open beside you - but is very powerful . Bit bulky for field trips -LRB- I have a shirt pocket HP-11 for that - discontinued now I think -RRB- . My version of PC software is a bit clunky , but current offering might have a much newer versionIt uses RPN , which I prefer , as it is logical and efficient - but it does take a little learning and some people just do n't like it . I believe it is worth the effort , especially at the start of a career . My calculator is used to make real engineering decisions - so I do n't trust many ` algebraic entry ' calculators where sometimes it is not clear how complex formulae will be interpreted . This is particularly true of the newer generation of algebraic calculators that advertise ` formulas entered as you would on paper ' -LRB- i.e `` Sin X '' instead of `` X Sin '' -RRB- I find they often have inconsistencies -LRB- e.g square root operates on the subsequent input , but 1/x operates immediately on the number in the display , as does x ! -LSB- factorial x -RSB- -RRB- These inconsistencies have to be remembered to avoid possibly serious and unnoticed errors . RPN has only one rule - a function executes as soon as its button is pressed -LRB- or it is reached in a program -RRB- . The famous HP stack which stores - and displays - arguments and intermediate results replaces the use of brackets and is far more flexible . Together these features , and others - like the ease of recovering from your errors - put you firmly in control all for the cost of an hour or two of learning . But , as I say , some people do n't like it so newcomers would be wise to find someone to demonstrate RPN before buying.In summary this is the best calculator I have owned , and probably ever will as some reviewers say the newer HP products appear to have moved down market in terms of construction and ergonomics - but I have no experience of this.PS I have no connection with HP , other than 25 years of goodservice from HP calculator products.Oh , yes . Some reviewers say the beep ca n't be turned off , keying MODES - > BEEP works on mine !!
 I purchased the 48GX 's predecessor , the 48SX , 10 years ago . It took a week or two to get used to the RPN , and ever since I have loved it . It 's like owning a buckwheat pillow . Once you 've had it for a while , you 'll dread ever having to go without it . The 48GX is not the newest thing on the block . There is the 49G now , which some have commented lacks the solid feel and quickness of the 48 . Some convieniences , like unit conversion , are also harder to get to on the 49 . Years after the creation of the 48 , TI finally managed to catch up with its power and flexibility when they created the 92 , so you 'll also want to check out that one . But as an expandable , programmable analytical machine , the 48 remains a top choice .
 I have owned top of the line graphing and scientific calculators from TI , HP , Casio , Sharp , etc. . Back when I was a student , TI 's were very cheaply made and often broke quite easily amd similar HP products lasted almost forever . This machine , the HP48GX -LRB- graphing and expandable -RRB- , continues that HP tradition and is definitely put together very well . The HP48GX also includes the full and very extensive library of solutions from various branches of Physics and Engineering , etc. . The pros and cons as I see it are : PROS :1 -RRB- The Hp48GX has all the standard regular features plus CAS -LRB- Computer Algebra System -RRB- features that we have come to expect on such a machine , plus many nice very detailed and topic as well as course specific APPS that are already preloaded or can be added in electronically and quite simply from the HP or HPcalc or other websites .2 -RRB- It even works quite naturally with complex number solutions of equations -LRB- it can be switched from a real to a complex operating mode and even back again as desired -RRB- . This machine is so versatile however that it will even evaluate symbolic matrices and it even evaluate the physical units of extremely complex equations as well as its numerical answer -LRB- s -RRB- -LRB- see more discusssion on this topic below -RRB- .3 -RRB- This machine itself is relatively slow compared to the HP50g for example , but still comes with a graphical interface and resultant plotting system . The resultant plots are high quality and are very intuitive for the learning process .4 -RRB- It has a nice old style rectangular body design -LRB- similar to the Casio FX-2 .0 or FX-2 .0 Plus -RRB- that sits very nicely both on a desk or a table as well as in your hand .5 -RRB- It has a large on-board main memory -LRB- by 1992 standards -RRB- that can be readily expanded and that is enough for tackling some memory intensive problems .6 -RRB- Although it is called a calculator , it is really a small , handheld computer system which can tackle problems from the most simple to ones with quite complex features .7 -RRB- The famous RPN -LRB- Reverse Polish Notation -RRB- operating system is available to the user .8 -RRB- The complete set of the predicted units of the solution of a complicated equation -LRB- or set of equations -RRB- can be determined independently of and simultaneously with its numerical answer -LRB- s -RRB- . This is a feature that I do not know of on any other calculator system -LRB- except the later HP49 and HP50 series -RRB- .9 -RRB- As on all such HP RPN models , a very fine self-test system is available to make sure your machine is fully functional all the time and a reliable clock -LRB- with seconds -RRB- is also continuously available.CONS :1 -RRB- Some functions that you would readily expect to be available with a single key press require instead at least two key presses , but usually with only a single shift key press first .2 -RRB- The learning curve is quite steep , although very well worth the considerable effort , but this will heavily deter some good students from learning the RPN skills that can be effectively used for your entire lifetime once they are successfully mastered .
 Sorry if this is a little off the topic , but I guess you could say HP sent me here ... I own a somewhaz tired HP32SII ... ands wanting to replace it , naturally , I looked at HP first as I did not want , nor have I ever needed an `` Equals '' key : - -RRB- What i found amazed me ... not only is my 32SII worth about 400.00 dollars now , there are no more to be had ... suddenly it does n't look too tired ! I continued to look for HP 's RPN offerings , and found , other than the 48 , they do n't have any RPN Calculators anymore . I was told that they have something under development , due out in late Fall or early Winter . They did not say it was RPN , nor did they quote a `` Ball Park '' price , so I ca n't wait!Has HP lost its collective mind ? Is anyone in HP product development or Sales following this discussion ? I hope so.By the way , I paid around 45.00 dollars for my 32SII ... it came with a great soft cover manual , about 160 pages , and is the best calculator I ever owned . It replaced my 70 's era HP33E , which I still have ... Wonder what that is worth?Thanks for allowing me to vent !
 This is the greatest calculator ever made . I may never figure out every function .
 This is a very powerfull tool for eng-work ; forget another ! ... IF YOU CAN GET TO PROGRAM ON IT ... you will get a proffesional advantage for all over ...
 The best model of HP calculator , that 48 serie has more than 8 years in the market , in Costa Rica is the most popular calculator for profesional people .
 I am a Physics major so I use this calculator almost every day , and I can honestly say that it is the best calculator currently available . Just the other day me and five other Physics majors were working on some Quantum Mechanics homework and we got to this really ugly integral . Three of the people I work with have HP 's and ca n't seem to get their calculators to evaluate symbolic integration . Another guy had just bought the new HP -LRB- the blue one -RRB- but his calculator could not solve it . So I plugged it into my trusty TI and out popped the answer . If you 're planning on taking classes that involve a lot of integration , do not buy an HP , or you 'll have to depend on the TI owner in your group to solve the tough integrals .
 I am a Physics major so I use this calculator almost every day , and I can honestly say that it is the best calculator currently available . Just the other day me and five other Physics majors were working on some Quantum Mechanics homework and we got to this really ugly integral . Three of the people I work with have HP 's and ca n't seem to get their calculators to evaluate symbolic integration . Another guy had just bought the new HP -LRB- the blue one -RRB- but his calculator could not solve it . So I plugged it into my trusty TI and out popped the answer . If you 're planning on taking classes that involve a lot of integration , do not buy an HP , or you 'll have to depend on the TI owner in your group to solve the tough integrals .
 I have owned mine since I went to college in 1993 . It has worked flawlessly for 14 years until the lower right keys , being the + , - , / , * and drop key stopped working . After determining that it is almost impossible to service I almost bought the 50g until I realized that slight pressure on the top surface of the calculator , compressing the joint between the top and bottom of the calculator , allowed the keys to work . Double banding a rubber band between the space beteen the keypad and screen resolved the problem . Let 's hope that lasts another 14 years since it seems that there is no equal.I give 4 stars since the calculator ca n't be easily opened and serviced/cleaned or a new one ca n't be purchased . I love the unit conversions and the simple finance calcs for loans .
 For engineers , this is THE calculator . Unfortunately , Carly canned it along with all the decent calculators.Get yours while you can !
 I 've had my 48gx since '92 or ' 93 . I STILL would n't trade it anything else on the market . I used it all through the 2nd half of my Mechanical Engineering Technology degree at Purdue University . No other unit of this beauty 's caliber and sophistication can be bought for any price . The TI machines are ok for general stuff , but if you wantTHE ! POWER ! , get a HP48GX.NOTE
 The HP48GX is an absolute essential for any engineer or student . Although the learning curve is sharp , it 's not difficult , once you get the hang of it . Now that I 'm accustomed to the RPN interface , I would never go back to a standard -LRB- i.e. , TI -RRB- calculator.Although the equation library ceased being useful after about my sophomore year -LRB- as it does n't cover material science -RRB- , the rest of the features I still use . For example , the features I use most often are the matrix and vector manipulation . You can instantly calculate dot or cross products , or even solve systems of linear equations with a few keystrokes.And I have n't even mentioned the calculus , differential equations , or numerical analysis features !
 I had my 48GX for quite some time . The calc handled my needs very well , and it worked great for my college works.But lately it started some strange things with the power on key . Bascially it works half the time for a while and then I could not turn on its power at all.Last time I check with HP , to fix one single instance will cost me -LRB- $ -RRB- + for this calc ... so I literally have to toss the whole thing in the trash can.Suggestion
 Some things have been made right - for all time . This calculator is one of those things . I used the 48GX in college , and now for 16 years as an electrical design engineer . Even for routine calculations , I find any other calculators cumbersome . The 48GX allows me to manipulate calculations naturally and fluidly . In my opinion , no other calculator layout , design , or function set will ever surpass those of this one .
 These were hard to find and the engineer that I bought it for , could n't be more delighted with this product.An old school calculator is what we needed and this product delivered .
 I bought my first 48sx in 1990 . I used it constantly through engineering school for five years . I continued to use it throughout three different jobs over 15 years . Have dropped it many many many times . One time I dropped it in the snow . I did not find it for a week until the snow melted . Only after 20 years of constant use did the buttons start to not function properly . That is when I ordered a new one . I did n't really want the new model . It still works the same .
 All undergrad grad school I carried this calculator with me everywhere , lab , class , exams , studying . This is by far the best calculator i 've ever owned . People worried about the RPN thing , it 's simple , not sure why it 's really a concern . For my part , I loved this calculator and give it A + + . It helped me considerably in O-chem as well , as I had programmed in all the data and that was before the chem teachers were savvy to these things . lol
 I 've owned my HP48GX for close to 12 years , and discovered that what started out as a dreaded but required calculator for my math classes -LRB- at Missouri S&T ;-RRB- , it is hard to imagine not using it now in the professional world . Honestly the calculator did see more use in the college years , but recently I 've found it needs some maintenance . Considering how much `` pounding '' it went though on the keyboard , it lasted longer than your typical graphing calculator . The Matrices and library functions are valuable assets , as well as the printing option and infrared interface . I decided to purchase the programming manual for it so to learn how to program on it better , and it does help . Eventually I am going to have to get a few keys fixed , which function ` sometimes ' , but the value of getting it fixed definitely is worth not having to buy a new graphing calculator or replacing it with another . The only down side is it does n't use an AC current.Now I wish HP would only make something more modern and as good as the 48GX . Hopefully they will someday , but until then I 'm holding onto mine .
 This is without a doubt , the best calculator ever made for engineering calculations and tasks . Unlike a laptop , it never runs out of battery power in the middle of a design , can be used easily on a plane , can even be used in techincal customer meetings or on the shop floor to check things out that need checking . In an age of spreadsheets and complex analyis programs , it is often forgotten how useful a competent engineering calculator can be to a practicing engineer . It is also invaluable to students of engineering for assignments and exams . Speaking of which , the MN -LRB- and soon NCEES -RRB- policy has changed so that this calculator is no longer eligible for use on the PE or FE exams . This is due to its ability to transfer data to others , and that one can type text into it . Using the time functions of the calculator , and some personal time trials on the practice exams , I estimated that it would take the average test taker around 1 week to type in even a portion of the test with the limited alpha numeric capabilities of the keyboard , and then transmit it through infa-red to a waiting accomplice 3-4 ft away -LRB- given best transmition speed -RRB- . You would almost certainly be spotted during this activity , and forced into some form of slave labor camp or fast food restaurant . As I am sure most of you considering purchasing this calculator are indeed planning this type of criminal intent , I must warn you that you better think twice because they are on to you . However , those rare , honest engineering and technical types with a minor amount of integrity that somehow leaked into their character could reward themselves -LRB- after passing the test using a slide rule , an abacus and some rocks -RRB- with a fine tool such as this calculator . They are getting harder and harder to find , so I would buy one while it is available . -LRB- The alternatives I have found so far for my upcoming test are kind of like trading a Land Rover for a skateboard -RRB- . The add-on cartridge with the additional 670 equations , constants and tables needed for the PE exam is pretty good too but may soon require a special permit to own .
 As a college student , this calculator is by far my favorite . I have owned it since 1996 and I have not had a single problem with it . The viewable stack for RPN is great and is very easy to manipulate . The equation library was an excellent resource in my chemistry and physics courses . The graphing capabilies of this calculator are simply amazing . The only thnk that I do n't perticularly care for is the fact that cards are a bit expensive and hard to find now a days . However , if you are in need of a graphing calculator , this is the calculator to get .
 This calculator has helped me since geometry in eigth grade up till advanced physics , chemistry , and calculus courses now . It is indespensible with as many functions as you can think of , and is simple enough to program . It will also do symbolic functions -LRB- derivitives , integration , etc -RRB- and solve equations for you . It also has a built-in equation library and units converter , and has an expandable memory . I have checked my friends TI 's , and I have concluded that this has all the functions and more . The only regret I have would be is that it can ocassionally be a tad slow , especially when graphing , but you can change the error factor -LRB- Plots , options , steps -RRB- and speed it up if you really feel so inclined . I would be lost without it !
 I got this calc while in engineering school . It was the hot , gadgety calculator to get . While it is certainly very powerful , it is really quite a bit of overkill for a calculator in my opinion.It is bulky . Definitely not a shirtpocket kind of calc , which is what I found myself needing more and more once I was out of eng school . Unless you 're carrying it around in a schoolbag it is not very convenient.It is slow . They had taken the 48sx and put some kind of a graphical OS on top of it and the end product is much slower than the sx , though it has a faster processor . It is usable , but annoying when switching from a typical , faster calc to it . They little delay between keypresses and calculations is frustrating.It is overkill . One thing I found is that once you get to a point that the 48gx is actually using its extra capabilities you could have done it on a computer or by hand . If you need something that intensive you 'd be better off running matlab -LRB- or octave for frugal people with no company to buy a calc program -RRB- . About the only thing I really have n't stopped loving is its RPN notation . I do n't know of any other scientific calc on the market that has RPN , which is a real shame . The HP 12C has it , but is a financial calc . I have on my desk an HP 32sII which is a _ very _ good calc with a nice balance of functionality , size , and speed . I wish HP had not discontinued all its good smaller RPN calcs . If my 32sII dies , I guess my next choice will be a Palm Pilot with an RPN calc program . -LRB- And if you 're wondering if RPN is worth it , ask yourself why people would be willing to pay $ ... for a 32sII on Ebay if an algebraic calc could cut it . -RRB-
 I 've had my HP-48GX for almost 15 years . It has seen all the abuses that a calculator may suffer inside the backpack of a college/graduate student . I 've taken it with me on several assignments overseas , has seen temperatures above 40C , temperatures below -10 C and most recently I spilled a glass of water on it -LRB- by accident of course -RRB- . It 's still working !!! I always carry it with me ... I know my laptop may fail but not my little powerful calculator . RPN notation reduces the number of operations . The functions available and the ability to plot and deal with matrices have made my life easier -LRB- as a student and as a professional -RRB- . After I spilled water on it I was thinking of buying an HP-50G ... but my HP-48GX is still alive and has a long road to go . HP-48GX = Reliability .
 This calculator represents the state of the art in HP calcs -- even if they quit making it in the mid1990 's , and I consider myself luck to have found one . It 's hard understand how HP 's R&D ; led them down the path of predecessors that are either junky or so hard to program it 's not worth the effort . Maybe they just want to make PC 's -- if they still have the mold for the 48gx , they should issue a `` classic '' edition and watch the money roll in .
 I just recently -LRB- today in fact -RRB- obtained a like-new HP48GX . I had never used a Reverse Polish function calculator before , but after playing with it for a few hours , I am amazed at what this calculator can do . Once you learn the beauty of the stack manipulation , you 'll never go back to algebra-based competitors . Furthermore , even though the HP48GX is over a decade old , it can do things out of the box that my TI-89 Titanium can NOT do . Vector and Matrix manipulations are a breeze with this `` old '' calculator!The HP48GX allows you to solve mathematical problems as you go along , so you reduce the `` fat finger errors '' inherent in the other competitors ' designs . The only downside to the HP48GX is the slower processor and the rarity of the RAM expansion cards.If you want a calculator for professional use , HP is the way to go . No wonder the older engineers guard their old calculators !!
 This would be a five star except they do n't allow you to expand the system as other reviews point out . Apart from that I use a phone for the very basic functionality and might only occasionally use the redial , hands free and mute . Creating directories I leave that to my daughter . So far i have found the voice quality to be excellent , the styling is great and is really comfortable to hold for long periods . The hands free voice is very clear . No problems with battery life and the keypad I have found to be easy to use with big keys . I contacted customer services about the extra handsets -LRB- yes I should have read the reviews first -RRB- and they responded as promised within 24 hours . If this phone lives up to its early praise I will just buy another package and plug it in somewhere else , not really a problem
 This has to be one of the Hottest cordless phone devices on the market to date ! When I first started my search online for a cordless phone for my new apartment , the website for Vtech came up showing this phone system , I could not believe the look & style of these phones . -LRB- When you go to a relative or friends house , how many of them have a cordless phone that looks like this ? Seriously ! -RRB- I came here and read some reviews as I do with all of the products I want to purchase from Amazon , and I was n't the least bit phased by the negative reviews some folks had wrote about this phone . It sounds like folks are looking for a cellular phone rather than a cordless phone system for their home . Most of it sounded like complaining , over minor problems that can easily be solved . Everything about this phone works perfectly , the sound is absolutely crystal clear -LRB- I can walk anywhere in my apartment and get clear quality sound without any type of disturbances at all -RRB- , I charged the battery as suggested in the manual and the battery has not let me down at all & it has been well over 6 months since I set up the product in my home & its still working like new , the answering service is on point , -LRB- I have caller ID -RRB- - the display reads the names clearly , to store the names and numbers in the phone book is really simple and not complicated -LRB- its like storing contacts in a cell phone -RRB- I did n't even need the manual for setting up the phones , most of it is common sense to me . No body I know owns a cordless phone like this . The phone may not work for everybody obviously , but it works great for me ! I say buy it , & try it for yourself . Great phone !
 Great sound quality and range . The battery seems to last forever too . You can basically talk on it all day and then re-charge it at night.The phone also `` looks '' great!By the way , you can add the `` 1 '' before dialing ... When viewing your caller-id and you want to add a `` 1 '' before dialing , press # and it will add the `` 1 '' and if you keep pressing # it will give you different number options i.e. removing the area code .
 I 've had this phone for a while and think it 's great ! It does have a few drawbacks as mentioned in previous reviews
 I have tried many phones , especially the 3-handset phones which are a great invention when you have a large house and not so many phone lines . -LRB- Plug in the phone line and the other 2 just plug into an electrical outlet in the wall . -RRB- Anyway , I 'm not looking for a phone to cook dinner , I just wanted them to go the distance . Voices sound great , not like they are in a hole plus no echo . Caller ID shows up , there is a call log so you can check missed calls , a redial button , mute , and a keypad that is flat so extremely easy to keep clean . I love the slenderness of the phone -LRB- almost cell phone thin -RRB- plus the bottom half of the phone is curved out to avoid the `` cheek cut-off '' malfunction . Also I like that the main cradle is made to sit upright so you can easily see if you have messages when you walk into the room without having to go over and look directly down at it . It was so simple to program with a voice message and has a button to choose how many rings you want it to ring before the answering service kicks on . Overall this is a great phone for the money . If you want all those other features that this phone does n't have , pick something else . This one is what it is . ; -RRB- 6/7/11Still using these phones , I did purchase new batteries for them as the old ones would n't stay charged . You can still get these at Sam 's Club for less than $ 80 vs. the $ 188 listed here . They must be very proud of them ! 6/6/12Yep , still have them , purchased new batteries again but they still are great .
 I gave this phone 4 stars primarily because of it 's design , sound quality , range , and battery life . Some lacking features is what cost them the 1 star.Overall , this is a great phone system -- no better or worse than any of the competition -LRB- overall -RRB- . It is lacking one or two features that spawns the obvious question of , `` Why ? `` Not having a shared directory between the three different phones is simply ridiculous . This is a feature that was one some of the first -LRB- ie , VERY old -RRB- cordless phones . It can share the system time and date , but it ca n't share the directory ? Someone with a rather short attention span apparently designed the interconnectivity features of this three-phone system.Not being able to add another handset to the system is rather strange , too . However , I think people need to think that criticism through , as it 's really not as bad as you might think . It 's 2007 -- do you really only have one phone outlet in your home ? Chances are there is more than one , so what would be the problem with just buying another handset and adding it to the system ? Do you really use the intercom function that much ? It 's not like , other than the intercom function , that these phones communicate with each other -LRB- ie , shared directory -RRB- , so who cares?The other reportedly lacking features have been corrected or addressed by other reviewers , so other than the above two issues , I do n't really have complaints about this system . The shared directory is a big one for me -LRB- I do n't want to have to type in a 20-item directory on each of the three handsets ! -RRB- , so it cost them a star in what would otherwise be a 5-star review.This is a very nice phone system -- looks great , works great , a few stupidly missing features , but most can be ignored . Having gone through a total of four other multi-phone systems in the last two years , I would have to say that this one is -LRB- so far -RRB- the best . I will be watching the button status closely , as that is what almost immediately started failing on all of the other phone systems I purchased . I hoping these buttons will make it longer .
 I love this cordless phone . It just has it all ! Sound is crystal clear , looks is sleek , beautiful blue illumination . I am amazed by the new DECT technology as it offers no interference and best voice quality !
 This calculator is very comfortable to use , and includes all the important features needed for high school math , but it is limited to that . The senior math-geeks will feel limited by this calculator and should spend more money , getting a higher model that will keep being useful more time.It features algebraic mode only , as opposed to RPN mode -LRB- which has become almost a conditio sine qua non in an HP calculator -RRB- . For the average teen in high school is fine , though .
 This is an affordable and very powerful calculator , what else could I say ? , the best option for the kids at school .
 The Hp 30s is the simply the best calculator for home , work and school or collage use . The hp 30s is a very powerful tool at a low price.It is a calculator with many fuctions to use at any time . I recomend people to use this calculator because it could be passed on to `` teens '' at the time they start the senior world and it could be useful for a `` start '' of university because of its extra fuctions . Hp is a trusted company for every use of it . In most schools the seniors use the Texas Instrument TI 30 XB . That is a very good calculator to use but not as good as HP 30s . The calualtor is not bought just for the design but for its quailty and use .
 The Hp 30s is the best calculator out there for its price . It is also the most accurate with 24 digits of precision compared to just 12 or 13 on the rest . Most of the people out there who dislike this calculator are hp traditionalists , and think anything without RPN is horrid . -LRB- They just bought the wrong calc . HP is Supposed to release a new RPN calc Soon after they release the hp 9s a low end scientific and the 9g a graphing calculator in the 30s form factor . -RRB- The only other calc I would consider in this price range is the casio 115ms .
 This is an update.The oldest boy 's T.I. failed him during a test . None of the 3 kids here will trust a T.I. . The last T.I. which was taken to school was a 34 II when the youngest was still doing mostly fractions as it is a good fraction calculator . The youngest is now in 5th grade and doing ` mostly decimals ' . All 3 of the kids here now use the HP 30S although the oldest is ` into RPN ' and has `` eyed '' '' my programmable HP RPN 32ii -LSB- banned on some tests -RSB- recently . Kid review of the TI 34 II , `` o.k. for baby school '' , the TI 30 X II S , `` sad '' ...
 I had this exact model calculator at work when after a few yrs it died . I shopped around and could not beat the price for this used one . When I received the calculator it was like new !! Very happy that I got it and saved a ton of money in the process.Chuck
 I got this calculator about 11 years ago now and it has only barely stopped working . It got me through Jr. . High , high school , and most of college . It was always easier and more intuitive to use than the TI calculators everyone else had , and so I 'm thrilled to have found it available on Amazon . Will be ordering one asap . Love this product !
 This cheap calculator is my beloved . All my classmates in high school had Casios , and I could never understand why ! This calculator is so simple to use , has quite an array of useful and extra capabilities , and I never even needed to read the manual ! Mine is still alive and kicking after more than 7 years.Notice that some people said the calculator crashed often , this sometimes happens because the batteries it comes with is used or old or something , it happened to me too , but after you change the batteries this is a forever kind of calculator .
 For the price -LRB- $ 17 in our university bookstore -RRB- , this is a superb calculator that offers both a quadratic and a simultaneous equation solver . Since it is not RPN , the HP fanboys will hate it , but it does offer a lot of features in a small package and is a great competitor to the TI 30X series . The only one I might suggest over this is the Sharp EL-506W , which offers solvers and integrals for about the same price .
 This is a review of 4 calculators marketed for ` High School '' . These are
 For the money , this calculator is far ahead of others in its class . It can store ten variables and a constant expression using some of these variables . It can also store an expression with up to 4 variables using the HP solve system , which calls for inputs and solves the expression . It 's not a professional engineer 's calculator , but it would probably do in a pinch . For high school or lower division college I would recommend it . It also has a short list of physical constants in its memory.I also like the keyboard layout and feel of quality.Its main failing is the rudimentary instruction sheet . It can be figured out , but mainly through trial and error .
 It 's a decent calculator but I have two complaints . The ` answer ' key it 's not easily accesible , It 's necessary to use the shift key to recall the last answer . In an algebraic calculator the answer key is very important but in the 30S it 's necessary to use the shift every time !!! . Less frequently used keys are are more accessible . Also the ` ENG ' key found on other calculators is not present , it facilitates a lot . The keyboard of Casio calculators is better designed , you should consider taking a look at them before buying this one . Oh , what 's the point of having two extra faceplates ???
 I defy anyone to find a calculator cheaper than this that has built-in Physical Constants -LRB- from NIST 's Physics Lab , our tax $ $ at work -RRB- and Unit Conversions -LRB- I only use that EVERY SINGLE DAY -RRB- . One more thing
 I love this calculator . It is extremely easy to use and the value for the price is crazy good ! A lot of people in my stats class paid triple for their calculators compared to what I paid for this calculator and mine is way easier to use .
 For me it was a choice between this calculator and a TI-83 + . The fact is , this calculator has many more functions and is a lot more user freindly then a TI-83 . For instance , unlike a TI-83 or TI-86 you can solve for x in an equation like 5 = x ^ 4 + -LRB- x-3 -RRB- ^ 3 . The HP39G divides each type of fuction into different `` applets . '' There is one for stats , one for polar graphing , one for solving , and many others . The only bad news about it is that it 's slow . It seems to take about the same time to do a very complex equation as to do 1 +1 . Do n't worry though , you get used to the little delay -- it 's still completly worth getting this calculator . It 's cheap , there is plenty of games for it on the web , and it 's fully featured .
 As a high school student the hp39/39/40 series seems to be the best around in this price range . Similarly priced TI models only have 32kb of memory , while th 39g has 232 available to its users . Ive been using the 39g for 2 years now , and its absolutely excellent . Many people have commented that its slow , and i agree , so the solution is to have a common scientific calculator for basic functions -LRB- esp fractions and RA trig ... -RRB- and a greaphics for everything else . This is the quickest and best way of operating , and scientifics are only about $ 15 . The PC connector cable is a must to 1 . backup data and 2 . download notes , aplets and games from the net . Also to create notes on the pc -LRB- heaps better than typing on calculator ! -RRB- . Um yeah , buy the hp39g -LRB- or actually , i would buy th3 recently released 39g + , which is the same but with a finance aplet and about 2-3x as fast , esp graphing -RRB-
 It 's a very good calculator for the money . The most redeeming feature is the usable memory , it 's 10 times the size of TI-83 and the functions are more intuitive . The only down side is this particular model does n't have a backup battery but I downloaded 39g manual and problem was fixed in later iterations .
 I am very pleased with my purchase . It was my first time to buy anything from Amazon so I was a little aprehensive . I am pleased I did . I got a great price and it was shipped very fast . Thank you !
 I bought this HP calculator not to long ago , and all I can say is that HP did a great job . Me being a math major in college , I needed this Calculator . This thing has more functions than a fighter jet . One of the best features on this calculator is that with it 's infrared port you can send data to other people that have the same calculator . Another great thing is that you can hook it up to your PC . I love this calculator , and if your in High School or College , you must buy this . The Best Calculator ever .
 I was looking for a way to keep my presentation papers -LRB- graphs , charts , etc -RRB- in good condition . I do business presentations while traveling , and I 'm constantly having to reprint my color graphs and charts . This was becoming time consuming and expensive . A friend of mine suggested I purchase a laminator to keep my presentation materials in good condition . When I started looking around , it seemed I was going to have to pay well over a hundred dollars for a laminating system . This was more than I had intended , and more than I was willing to pay . Then I clicked onto Amazon.com and found the YOU2 . It was just what I was looking for , although , being so much cheaper than anything else I had seen , I was a bit skeptical . However , since purchasing the YOU2 , I have found it 's performance to flawless . It laminates -LRB- so far as I can tell -RRB- as well as the ones I was considering paying 3-4 times as much money for . And not only have I laminated all of my work materials , but everday I seem to find a new use for it . I think I 've gone laminating crazy . The YOU2 is without a doubt one of the best purchases I 've ever made .
 The YOU2 Cool Seal Laminator is a reasonable product for the price . I need to laminate picture communication symbols and other documents for therapy lessons . The Cool Seal is faster and easier to work with than clear contact paper and provides a significantly nicer lamination . The laminator is just a set of rollers inside a case , but its importance is that it serves as another pair of hands . It allows you to pull off only a small amount of the backing to start , which makes it easy to avoid having your document stick to the adhesive in the wrong place . Then you feed the document through the rollers , which do a good job of preventing wrinkles and bubbles . I think it 's a tad overpriced , but it 's a LOT cheaper than a hot laminator . Likewise , the adhesive laminating folders are not as cheap as I would like , but they work quite well for laminating thin products -LRB- 1/2 mm thick -RRB- . The laminator has to be attached to a counter top or table with an overhang ; this is somewhat restrictive , but it permits whatever you 're laminating to go straight -LRB- down -RRB- through rollers without being bent . So , if you want something safe and simple to use for laminating photos , recipe cards , etc. , this sytem will work for you . If you are expecting a stiff , professional-type laminated product , without using adhesive , as some of the buyers here seemed to be , then you should prepare to spend a lot more money for something else .
 Using YOU2 could n't be easier . I put the photo that I wanted laminated in the cool seal pouch and just passed the pouch through the YOU2 . It was so easy to use!There is no heat and no electricity involved , so I can easily let my kids use this too.Basically , I like having a laminator because it enhances the quality of my digital photos and my regular photos . But this one is so simple and kid-friendly that I can think of more uses.I will probably use it to laminate drawings , my kids ' artwork so I can hang them on the refrigerator in style ! And I plan on protecting important documents like the kids ' birth certificates and health records , and I think even things with unusual shapes , like circles or triangles , because the system lets you cut to fit anything.Plus you ca n't beat the price . It is a tremendous value for my money , and I 'm so glad to have found this product .
 I never thought that a laminator could be so wonderful ! Ever since I bought this , I have started to laminate everything I can find -- pictures , business cards , letters , documents , basically anything ! It is so simple to use and the fact that it does n't use electricity is wonderful . I feel like it 's safe to have around the house b/c it does n't use heat , so I am not worried about my kids going near it or even using it . The best part is that it 's so small and light that I can store it easily when not in use . Definitely check out this product !
 I have a YOU2 and was actually thinking of buying one for my sister-in-law . When I first opened the box , I thought there had been some mistake . The product was so compact and simple , that I was wondering if there were parts missing . But sure enough it was all there , and worked like a charm -- no fuss , no muss , no bother . The pouches are much more convenient than the rolls you have to buy for other laminators . It gives you more control over the outcome . All in all , a great product ! Great value !
 I just bought this laminator when I saw the inexpensive price . I am amazed at the good value for my dollar . I was looking for something quick and easy , and the YOU2 definitely fits the bill ... So , i bought the YOU2 and am pretty happy . I saw the other customer reviews that raved about this product and thought that it must be pretty good to get the 5 star reviews from the other people . Well , I agree , and give it 5 stars myself ... I now have a pretty handy , and portable , gadget to quickly protect all of my important documents . And i found it is very easy to use . The directions are clear , and I 've had no trouble with it . The laminating pouches are pretty good too , but I have to buy some more now . I definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a quick and easy solution for laminating needs .
 On 01/06/01 , I wrote a very negative response on this product and the company that supplies it . Since then , I have been contacted by representatives of the Esselte Corp. with apologies for the way I was treated when calling for warranty help . It truly left a very bad taste and I swore never to do business with them . BUT , as I said , I was contacted by Esselte after they read my post here and they have made amends . Because of this , I am changing my review and want to state that I will do business with them again if the need arises . They have agreed to take the necessary steps so that other customers are not treated the same as I was and their courtesy is very much appreciated . I would certainly recommend doing business with them now .
 I was looking for a simple way to keep my pictures safe and sound , and lo and behold !! I 've found it !! It is so simple to use that even my 5 year old daughter has started preserving her `` art . '' I ca n't buy the replacement pouches fast enough !! I would DEFINITELY reccomend this to anyone who has documents , photos or anything they want to save . It 's great !
 My sister in the states has a YOU2 which she got from Amazon . I saw it , used it to laminate labels into convention badges and for some digital photos of new product I 'd printed out for my boss ' presentation handouts . She was most impressed with the speed with which I 'd done this - and the money I 'd saved by by not going to a more expensive copy shop . -LRB- I also laminated a couple of drawings my kids had given me - including my youngest 's -LRB- two year old -RRB- first foray into ` art ' -LRB- not sure what it is ... but no doubt when he 's older he 'll tell me ! -RRB- . And at least it 's not going to fade , get dog geared damaged having laminated it ...
 I was watching Good Morning Arizona yesterday and I could n't keep my eyes of the crafts segment . They were displaying the YOU2 Cool-Seal laminator and I thought `` What a great product ! I would use this all the time ! '' I like to think of myself as a creative person , and I am very into scrapbooking , so I thought this would be a perfect addition to my household . I immediately searched the web for where to buy it and found it here . I purchased it and shipped it overnight because I could n't wait to use it ! Once I got it home , I could n't be more satisfied with the product . I am already out of the laminating pouches !! It 's great !
 I am really * impressed !! * To be honest I did not realize this was * NOT * a heated laminator ! -LRB- guess I should have read it more carefully !! -RRB- So when I got it I was hesitant to open it . After looking at it , I was not sure if I had made a good choice . ** BUT ** all that said , I did open it and tried it . * Wow * !! , I have used a school laminator that could n't laminate as well as this . It really did the job . No heat , mess , or bubbles and very easy instructions to follow . Also I found refils in bulk at Sam 's club , which was a great surprise !! I have already used the pages it came with and am ready to buy some more !!!! So I highly recommend this product !!
 I am a nutritionist and was pleased to see how useful the YOU2 has been ! I will be using it to laminate food labels to educate my clients . I have used expensive machines in the past , but for now on I will use the YOU2 in my home & office as a quick and professional tool .
 This is a great product for either home or office . I use it to make school IDs , luggage tags and to protect special certificates and recipes . I ca n't believe how well this machine performs for such a low price ! Buy it !! : o -RRB-
 This is an inexpensive and effective alternative to heat-sealers . It is easy to use and does as nice a job as the competition . While the machine itself is a great bargain , the pouches are not -LRB- though the initial supply is adequate -RRB- . I suggest you look elsewhere -LRB- your local discount superstore , for example -RRB- for the refills .
 This little laminator was extremely easy to use and did a great job on a bunch of bookmarks my daughter made . It laminated them with no air bubbles and could not have been simpler to operate . I 'm not sure why other users had problems , because it seemed very straightforward and intuitive to use . Much easier to use than the user-unfriendly ... model they have at school , and you ca n't beat Amazon 's price - what do you have to lose ?
 I love Sharpies ! Especially the Ultra Fine point for writing . But have recently been making small drawings on card stock that I plan to sell at holiday bazaars . Was delighted to find a 24-color pack -- mine was called Caribbean Colors . I agree that a couple -LRB- yellow especially -RRB- are too light to write with , but all colors can be used for drawing/painting ... especially when surrounded by bright , contrasting colors.MY biggest problem is with the darker colors . All the dark colors are VERY dark -- good as pens , but difficult to distinguish as different on the paper when ` coloring ' . This includes the browns , magenta , blue , darker green , purple , wine and even the gray is very dark . The mid-range colors
 Very happy with them , however , the lighter colors do not show ... . Not enough contrast on about six of them.I got a great deal though ! : -RRB-
 As far as Sharpies go , these perform just fine . I did n't read closely enough to see that they were Ultra-fine points ... it limits how useful these are as they do n't write legibly on all the things I need to mark up . That 's more my fault then anything to do with the product itself . I use Sharpies daily with 2 kids in elementary school - there 's always something that needs a name on it . The Ultra-fine points are not easily legible so for my purposes , their use is very limited . I ended up having to go out and buy fine and medium point permanent ink markers ...
 I bought these for my hobby - woodcarving . Great for details . They all worked upon receipt . -LRB- if you ever have one that does n't write , tape a 36 '' piece of twine on the open cover end , and twirl it around for about 15 seconds . Usually that gets ink flowing again . -RRB- There are 24 markers in the set . Sharpie says they make 32 colors of ultra - fine , but I ca n't get an answer from them as to what colors the other eight are . Can anyone help me ? These are great !! The Sharpie pen line is half as wide as the Bic 36 piece `` fine point ' .
 I am such a pen , marker fanatic that of course I had to order this great set full of different colors . The tip is great for a bit of fine writing , durable , long lasting , deep colors . I like that the sharpie does n't bleed through any othe papers I write on . I definitely think if you like sharpie and are looking for maybe a pen like substance than this is the one for you . Of course you do n't need to get it in multiple colors they have the standard black . For the price , I can not complain versus buying them in the stores .
 The quality of Sharpie permanent markers is terrific . I use the to mark plastic containers and all the colors , except the green markers -LRB- do n't know why -RRB- , last for a long time , even when I store the containers at -20 oC.I totally recommend this product .
 Great markers ! i love them ! the ink flows through perfectly , no stoppping or pausing in the flow . so many colors , all of them show up easily except for bright yellow , but it still shows up . I really like the `` 80 's glam '' colors , they look cool . these are great markers for writing things in thin streams of ink .
 You ca n't buy a sharpie for under a dollar at the store . With this you get 24 for $ 16 . Great for doodling or whatever writing you like to add color to . Colors are bright . If it 's a sharpie , it 's gon na bleed . That 's what permanent markers do . Just put a sheet of paper under the one you 're writing on . Problem solved .
 These are some of the most handy things I 've gotten for going back to school . I am a science major - specifically chemistry but I also take a lot of biology classes and a couple physics courses . Anyway , I have to say that I have some of the clearest , nicest-looking notes because I use these pens to draw diagrams , color-code formulae , and illustrate concepts . Unfortunately they do bleed through , but it 's easy to fix by just drawing notes on one side of paper . I also color pictures with these when I need a break and they are really fun to use ! Definitely useful for me .
 I have always enjoyed Sharpies because they write easily , so when I saw the 80s glam package , I was really excited to get a variety of colors . The 24 pack of 80s glam Sharpies has the 8 basic colors -LRB- black , brown , red , orange , yellow , green , blue , purple -RRB- , but the other colors are very interesting . You can tell from the picture how the colors look -- they are a variety of pinks , blues , greens , and orange-yellow markers . -RRB- The colors are lovely , and I have never minded the smell of Sharpies , but some people have said that they find Sharpies pretty smelly . Additionally , they do bleed through the page . I had also known this about Sharpies before I bought these , so I was not disappointed , but if you are looking for a pen or marker that does n't bleed through the paper , you probably wo n't like these . If you do n't mind the strong smell of Sharpies and the bleeding through , though , the colors are lovely and the price is good . I saw the same package at Wal-mart for about $ 15.30 , so the price on Amazon is comparable or a tiny bit better .
 I love these markers - I use them as pens on just about everything , and love the color variety that this pack offers . These markers last a long time - mine usually last about 1-2 months each with every day heavy use . The only downside is that they do tend to bleed through thin paper . Sharpie makes another pen style marker that does n't bleed like these do , but I love the thickness of the ink with these .
 I love these pens . I 'm glad to see that they are coming out in different colors . I guess the only small issue is that some of the colors are kind of useless , and are hard -LRB- the yellow ones -RRB- to see on white paper . Other than that , the colors are vivid and bright . You know that if it has the name `` Sharpie '' , you know it 's going to be a high quality product .
 If you like fine point Sharpies , I highly recommend these . The colors are great . They last a long time . I purchased a second set because I liked the first so well . The tips stay fine , I have not had any issues with them ` fraying ' or ` splintering ' like I have with some other fine point brands.The Glam colors are so great , especially the hot pink and turquoise !
 I gave it four stars only because two of the markers were messed up so I ca n't use them . But other than that , these colors are amazing and they write like pens . Worth the money !
 Very nice product love it , All was as advertised shipped quickly , and the price was great cant complain . I will leave another review after full use of these item .
 These are ultra fine point Sharpie markers , that come in a pack of 24 . They have intense color and are well suited for detailed drawing . They are perfect for writing on your body because they don &#8217; t smear . If you are drawing and you drag your hand across the paper , the ink does n't get on your hand . They glide effortlessly across the paper . If I leave the cap off for more than a short time , they dry out . The smell is too strong for me . When I have get them on my clothes , they do not wash out . They bleed through paper easily . These makers are good for body art and people who like to draw , but I would not recommend them for young children . I really like these markers and would buy them again .
 I would recommend this product very highly , great colors , large enough set to keep everyone happy and overall a good value for the money .
 My step daughter is obsessed with Sharpies , so how can you go wrong with two dozen colorful pens ! The ink lasts a lot longer than I expected , especially when they are used for project after project .
 Brilliant colors . Love it . Cant wait to use it . Love it . Like I said , brilliant colors , love it . Cant wait to use it
 Fine point makes it easier to do details , and things that require pen-sized points . New pastel colors makes for a variety of colors besides just the usual bold ones . When you color something in with them , you can hardly see the streaks , lines , and scribbles from your coloring . My only comment is to make sure that you do n't get the ink on anything other than your skin , and the paper , because the marker IS permanent ! But besides that , I LOVE THESE MARKERS !
 A friend and I were experimenting with BLOPENS , those toy watercolor markers marketed for kids which feature a hollow device which you blow through to spray the pen ink like an airbrush . I 'd been lamenting that decorated envelopes would run in the rain and you could n't paint over your airbrushed designs . Well , my friend discovered that the Sharpie Ultra Fine Point Markers fit into the Blopen in place of the water-based pen provided . Now I can use doilies and other interesting items to stencil in PERMANENT ink . What a boon to mail artists everywhere ! If you can find Blopens anywhere , try it yourself !
 Bought a more recent version of this product at the store today . They 've come out with some new colors , including ones they call `` cafe colors . '' The new colors are interesting but the pen caps do n't really correspond to the actual color . Oh well . And like someone else said , the pastels are so light , it 's not worth trying to write with them . You 'd have to use them for drawing or highlighting a drawing , maybe . Anyway , I love Sharpies because the ink is permanent and I can do paint washes over them and my favorite is always the ultra fine tips .
 great quality markers , just the right size with many colors . Will offer as a sacrifice to my ancestors . It was a great deal from amazon .
 Bought the set for $ 11.40 , ca n't complain!The quality is good , color range is broad.I use it for my illustrations .
 Just as the package says 80s ' Glam - these markers actually really were sold in the 1980s ' Era , but actually came out late 1978 or 1979 but became popular in 1980s and the colors themselves -LRB- like Crayola , some faded out and new ones came in -RRB- . Here 's the Pros and Cons with these colors : PROS : Calligraphy - even with India Ink , you can use these colors for `` added touch '' for special effect -LRB- but just remember to let the India Ink dry first -RRB- Abstract Art -LRB- Ink Pen -RRB- - try it on thick paper to canvas such as ============= linear effects in waves , curves , and so forth to even drawings and then make `` echos '' of the drawing aka `` mirror-images '' . -LRB- It 's harder than you think when you do this free-hand -RRB- Sharpie & Watercolor - Yes , the two and two can come up with the most creative designs ever . I will try to photograph the huge one -LRB- the one from the 80 's era -RRB- and upload it so that everyone may see it for it has won many First Places and Best of Show for its uniqueness and that was in 1979 when Sharpie began to use color other than BLACK ! -LRB- Remember - this photo will show its age as it is old now so I will try my best . -RRB- Sharpie & Mixed Media - The boundaries are unlimited in this area ; I 've used it where art has become `` SURREALIST '' -LRB- the flood destroyed much of those precious artworks which I do not have them anymore as they stuck together and/or bled through -RRB- ... used pastels , watercolor , Sharpie and Watercolor pens , Crayons , India Ink , etc.Sharpie - handy for `` Touch Ups '' for that tiny nick on porcelain to ceramic ; very handy and cheaper - which people would never had known you had dinged your `` counter '' or by accident , while cleaning your collectibles `` Oops '' , now a ceramic chip was glued on and you ca n't find the tiny piece to fill it in and that white spot is annoying as heck . This comes in handy for multiple uses , first dab it on white paper , then match it up to the area after it dries before you proceed to see if it matches . Sometimes , using the lighter color first -LRB- if it is too dark -RRB- , dab it three times , then lightly the dark one and see how it looks . It 's amazing how it works , but also a shame that they do n't have white ! : -LRB- T-SHIRTS !!! First create a design or use a iron-on design , then sketch it all out with a Sharpie on a strong cardboard with a boardunderneath and tape -LRB- duct tape works great -RRB- to hold the shirt down ! It is amazing what you can design on that T-Shirt , the horizon is vast and unlimited ! You can create anything from Faux Monogram -LRB- s -RRB- to men 's shirt pocket to hankies where they look so real and genuine and hold up very well after many washes ! Create your child -LRB- ren -RRB- 's own T-Shirt of their favorite -LRB- ? -RRB- or grandchildren , niece , nephew , godchild , and so on . The list is endless!There are so many more Pros ' to list that I could not list them all - but the ideas are here to give you a great head start ! : - -RRB- CONS : While awesome with Coloring Books or Sketch pad - it is recommended that one uses a Cardboard -LRB- smooth -RRB- for they will bleed through easily.Do not attempt to work with Sharpie directly on paper on surface without any protection underneath -LRB- see above warning -RRB- unless you plan on replacing your dining room or kitchen table or whatnot frequently.Allow to dry before placing hand over it or you will get it on yourself ; the only way it will come off is time. : - /
 The thing I 'm most impressed with about these is how much it changes my penmanship , making it smoother and more graceful looking.That 's really all I use it for , and it 's impressed me.I have attached an example of this , and it can be viewed at the top of this page .
 I love Sharpie markers in general , so I was not surprised to like these too . I like the fact I can control my writing more with these than I can with the regular sharpies . I can also use these in my Pazzles Inspiration machine , which is why I initially purchased these markers . I would buy them again for sure .
 Perhaps I was n't paying attention but when I bought these , nowhere in description did it call these 80 's GLAM , although the package picture DOES show that definition -- I 'm glad I accidentally bought the right colors , because these are very vivid and perfect for the adult coloring books I bought to use them in -LRB- Paisley , India-n & 3D -RRB- . They are tightly packaged but without any type of holder or organizing stand to keep them together in . I do n't yet know how long the ink will last before they dry out , nor whether they will work without bleeding through the paper in the coloring books ; I intend to add to this review later on with these additional details . Definitely worth the price , and a great value compared to similar marker sets with fewer markers costing more .
 They are fantastic and as long as you keep the lids on tight they last forever . The line is really thing and great for decorating your own cards or whatever little arts and crafts project you have going . These wo n't let you down . The colors are so vivid , and even more so if you take off the lids and breathe in the sensuous aromas of the markers for a while . Happy coloring !
 I bought this pack for my wife for Christmas . She loves the many colors and the permanent aspects of sharpie .
 These were a Christmas gift for my daughter . She loved them and they arrived quickly . The colors were something I could n't really find around here : -RRB-
 This was a Christmas gift for my daughter , who is very artistic . She really , really likes them . I would recommend them
 Great gift - great packaging came quickly & was as described my neice was happy with the pens . Good quality , would buy again
 This was also a Christmas present for my grandson last year and I use them as much as he does .
 So many colors ! I love Sharpies for their waterproof and smudge proof features . Ultra Fine Point means I can address letters , write on labels , just enjoy and know that the ink will stay put . And again , so many colors !
 These were pretty good . You should know that most of the colors are really , really light . Some of them seemed dry , but that is probably just because they are so light .
 Very colorful assortment . It 's very permanent on leather , wood , polycarbonate , and metal . Not so much on vinyl though . Would recommend for random drawing .
 I purchased my set and love it , however I got 2 of the same color ! I thought they might be a shade different but they are the very same color . I 'm talking about the dark purple . Besides that I just love my set and ca n't get enough of them !
 This phone system has lot 's of bells and whisles most of which are very usful . The telephone book has room for fifty names and numbers but would be better with one hundred .
 I think this is a great product for 99.99 % of people
 I found this pen just lying around at home , and loved it at first try ! It really flows !!! But I ca n't find it anywhere !!!! Help ! I need more.Thank you
 THIS PEN IS ONE OF THE BEST I HAVE . I HAVE HAD IT FOR 2 YEARS NOW AND IT STILL HAS ENOUGH INK TO LAST A COUPLE MORE YEARS . THIS PEN IS TIDE WITH ANOTHER PEN THAT I HAVE . IT IS THE UP&UP RETRACTABLE BALLPIONT PEN . YOU CAN ONLY GET THEM AT TARGET . MY MAIN PROBLEM IS I DONT KNOW WHERE TO BUY MORE ! THEY MIGHT NOT MAKE THEM ANYMORE . OVERALL THIS PEN GETS A 5 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This set is a beautiful array of regular and day glo colors . Any young or old artist will love them .
 I do n't want to spend the money on professional grade markers , and these guys allow me to work on a few projects without breaking the bank . They pale in comparison to professional pen sets , but what can you do ?
 Came just as advertised . Shipping was quick . I have always wanted to buy a set like this for a long time . i am so glad that I did !
 i didnt realize these were the 80s glam package when i got them , but it doesnt really matter . the colors are good , not much else to say . if you need a crap-ton of sharpies this is a good option . my girl is a chef and she uses sharpies to mark various containers and write on stuff -LRB- durr -RRB- .
 I love the colors of these markers . They are great as sharpies are and the colors are nice and bright.I would buy another set and will when I need to .
 The shipper had excellent timing , and the description was perfect . I will buy from them again . It was a good expereince .
 We are enjoying using these . We got them on a promotion and ordered an extra set as a gift for my mother . We are enjoying using these markers , and they 're very vibrant . Fast shipping , nicely packed . : -RRB-
 I bought this for a friend in a nursing home . She hand-makes greeting cards and these were exactly what she needed for a new project -LRB- wanted lots of different colors -RRB- . It was easy to order them for her , they were n't expensive and they made her so happy . I 'd say this purchase was a hit .
 came with different colors than advertised , but since I ca n't remember who I ordered them through , my bad . They 're still a great product and I am happy enough to keep them !
 I got these must have sharpies for my 11 year old daughter for christmas.A great gift she wanted and can also use for school ! She posted pictures on facebook christmas morning .
 Sharpie Fine-Tip Permanent Marker , 24-Pack Assorted Colors are great ! Worth it ! I love these here . The price is fair . I recommend it to anyone from beginner to intermediate and some professional .
 Love the assortment of colors in this pack . I wish they smelled a little better though . I use them to color line art and have found they are great for small and larger jobs .
 So much to say , but they 're Sharpies so you know how well they work . This is a nice assortment at a good price .
 I used this all the time . The color are very vibrant and they last a really long time . No complaint here
 had a ton of art supplies to buy , instead of 10 different stores , did it all right here . I love sharpies
 Well , I would assume everyone knows what a sharpie is and what to expect . If not they are basically a awesome permanent marker . I use them for my art and was expecting sharpies . What I got was exactly what I expected , they were new as promised and shipped on time . I would reordered them from this company in the future .
 Great color choices ! You just ca n't go wrong when you purchase a Sharpie marker and these live up to the high standards of the name , I plan on buying more for the artists in my life .
 I just love Sharpie brand . They arrived quickly and are just what I expected . The quality as always is best !
 bought this for my five year old . He likes to color patterns , and these work out very well . long lasting too . none of the 24 colors is dried . good quality . recommend it . suggest shop around some though . After I purchased it the price went up about 20 % at Amazon and I found it at Costco for only 13 bucks . but very good product nonethless .
 What a find ! Great price and you can never go wrong with Sharpie quality . The colors are vibrant . We will get lots of use out of this purchase .
 I always had to deal with never finding a marker when I really needed one . So I got this package , and now I have markers throughout the house ! The different colors make labeling more fun . The only negative is the lighter colors are a bit tough to read , so I have n't found an appropriate use for them as of yet . The darker ones are great , though !
 Shapie markers are simply the best permanaemt markers for just about any use . We use them for making quick signs in our shop , putting names on clothing -LRB- on the inside -RRB- , and in the woodshop to indicate cut lines.The colors are bright and do not fade over time . They are also pernanent , so some care should be taken.Highly recommended !
 Always love Sharpies , bright , long-lasting , and fun . Note that the 5 markers on the left side of the front row may not be the same as the ones pictured , since they are the limited edition ones ... was a little disappointed that I did n't get the `` Caribbean Colors '' set , but love them just the same .
 This markers from Sharpie are excellent ! Cool colors ! Great on any type of paper . Recommend it 110 % !
 Although I ordered this item , I actually received the `` 80 's Glam '' color set with 24 fine markers , which is almost the same but about 10 markers are different -LRB- the ones on the far left in the picture -RRB- . I also ordered the ultra-fine version : Sharpie Ultra-Fine-Point Permanent Markers , 24-Pack Colored Markers -LRB- 32893 -RRB- . Both sizes are suitable for writing - these `` fine '' are much finer than a standard chisel-tip marker , for example . The ultra-fine are much finer , more like a pen than a marker . These are great for posters and coloring when we want permanent or water-proof , or writing on packing boxes , etc. ; and the ultra-fine for general writing , such as labeling CDs , ziploc bags , etc. , and detail work on small posters.These are top-quality permanent markers . If you want a large variety of colors , this is an excellent set ; we 've had no dripping or bleeding . Just keep in mind colors may vary from the picture .
 First off , I 'd like to say I was very pleased to see that the markers came in the mail as shown in the picture . Anyways , as for the title , I noticed that none of the reviews or the page itself stated what colors came in this 24-pack , that colored sharpie in the top row second from the left is what I believed to be Indigo , it 's actually Navy.Anyways , here are the colors as named by Sharpie : Slate GreyNavySky BlueTurquoiseLime GreenMintYellowPeachOrangePink LemonadeMagenta , I believeBerryBoysenberryPurpleBrownJellie PinkLeg Warmer OrangeValley Girl VioletBanana Clip YellowArgyle GreenBlackBlueGreenRedAlthough it did n't have Indigo , I 'm not going to let that affect my review . What matters is the markers arrived in a box of their own , packaged just like in the picture , brand-spanking-new . 5 stars from me !
 This is another terrific assortment of Sharpie permanent pens , for a very good price . Try them . I 'm never without Sharpies , and this deal is good .
 I am so happy , but my daughter is more . It arrived on time , in perfect conditions and such as it was advertisment .
 I like to use these markers to mark on my golf ball , they are really good because they do n't easily erase .
 These are bright colors and they seem to last forever as long as the caps are on tight . I think I 've had mine for a couple of years now . I ca n't keep my daughter 's hands out of my markers ! Therefore , I am getting her a pack of her very own for Christmas .
 It came just as I expected . Normal size sharpies , just as pictured.Love the sharpies , and the extra 80s colors are cool !
 This telephone has many great features such as talking caller id , great range , and excellent voice quality . Definitely recommended !
 very well built and can hold alot of weight.I have a hp office jet printer which is pretty large and the stand accomidates it very nicely with alittle room to spare
 I stumbled upon one of these pens at my university 's bookstore ; it was the only one of its kind . It 's been the only pen that I 've used in my writer 's notebook and my drawing notebook . I love the way that it writes . It 's very smooth and crisp with a nice clean look when it dries . It does n't try completely opaque , but slightly translucent . I 'm not one hundred percent sure how I feel about that , but I certainly enjoy writing with this pen ; I 've ordered ten more .
 i live in lima , peru . roger waters is playing pink floyd music next week in my city for the first time , so when i needed a wall calendar i was lucky i found this one in amazon . to my surprise the band pics are in chronological order , from early pre-floyd pics -LRB- january -RRB- to the live8 ` reunion ' pics -LRB- december -RRB- so i will keep the calendar after 2007 is over , as a collector 's item .
 Its a mouse pad . it does what its suppose to do . no complaints yet . blah balh balh blah blah blah .
 well this is a pad . it doest do anything except sit there so it 's amazing at its purpose . buy it theres nothing wrong with it and its dirt cheap .
 I was just looking for a basic mouse pad to use since my last one to have some wear and tear .
 Simple , grey , clean mouse pad . Exactly what I expected for the price . Does the job great . No complaints at all .
 What can you say about a mouse pad , it 's not thin like some of the other pads and it has a smooth surface that allows my optical mouse to glide effortlessly .
 Nice thin pad , sticks well to table , surface activates my HP optical mouse perfectly , and it 's plenty large but easily trimmed down to whatever size you like , with just a scissors .
 The Belkin Standard Mouse Pad , works great and will not mess up my mouse . It is easy to store and am matches all my blue , items it was the perfect color .
 I got this pad . I did n't like the grey color , but it was the best available . I tried to use the top side of the pad and it was very much a pain to use it . I got the pad because otherwise the optical mouse would be on a surface not smooth enough for mousing . I had to use the back side of the mouse pad to be able to control the cursor . I will say the top side of the pad is worthless for optical mice , but the backside is wonderful for optical mice , but only comes in black.You will probably pay more in shipping for this cheap pad than if you went to the store , but not all of us can handle the Office store environment . * cringes *
 Of all the mouse pads I have used , the Belkin Standard Mouse Pad delivers . Oh , sure , it looks plain as can be , but I have got to say that this little mouse pad has provided my mouse something better to glide across , other than my desktop . I have one for work and one for home and they are a life saver .
 This mouse pad serves the purpose for which I bought it for . I just needed a good solid mouse pad , nothing flashy or cute . It does have a silver-grayish look that actually matches my computer and mouse . I would recommend this item , and the price is not high .
 THE BELKIN MOUSE PAD IS A VERY NICE SIZE AND THE THICKNESS IS EXCELLENT . THE OVERALL SIZE IS THE LARGEST SIZE I HAVE SEEN . THE PRICE WAS QUITE SATISFACTORY . THE RECENT MOUSE PADS I 'VE HAD HAVE CUT AND CURLED UP WITHIN 1 YEAR OF PURCHASING THEM . THIS ONE IS MUCH THICKER SO WILL PROBABLY LAST ALOT LONGER
 I was looking at other expensive mouse pads that were up towards $ 10 + . I found that this simple 3 buck mousepad is perfect for everyday life . While the underneath may not be perfect -LRB- it sticks to most surfaces but not my old school fraternity metal desk -RRB- the top surface is excellent for my optical mouse . I have my pointer speed really high since I do FPS/gaming a lot , and it does it 's job by giving me precision accuracy and it 's small compact size . I can easily scroll from each side of my two 19 '' -LRB- 2560x1024 -RRB- monitors.If you need a mousepad or just another item to toss in to reach that free super saving shipping I 'd definitely get this .
 Not much to say it is a mouse pad . It has lasted longer than most of the other pads that I have had .
 I just needed a mouse pad . I did n't need any special pictures , text , or any designs on my mouse pad . I just wanted something original and basic and simple . What i received was perfect and great in size . I recommend this product .
 I 'm not sure why mouse pads are so expensive in stores , some retailers in my area wanted $ 5 to $ 6 for a mouse pad!As usual , I ordered the product from the site with my Prime shipping , hopefully saved a couple bucks . Anyways , the mouse pad is very basic & looks like it will hold up well . I ordered one for use at work & one for home use . They are kind of hard to keep in place , they seem to move around a lot on my desk , but after a couple of days this problem went away . Optical mouses work fine with the mouse pads.Overall , not bad for the price .
 The product does what it has to do . Its surface is soft and can be cleaned easily . Fixing the product on the table is weak in the first few uses , but with time you adapt .
 It 's a very nice mouse pad for the price . I have one con and that is , when you first use it and rest your wrist on the mouse pad , it feels awkward and a little itchy because of the texture of it . After about 3 days , you will get used to it though ! Totally recommended it !!
 Just received mine today . What can I say ? Its not fancy , and is n't trying to be . The top is a nice felt that feels soft and comfortable . The bottom is NOT grip material . Its more like soft foam , but unless your really mean to it I do n't imagine it going anywhere . Overall , I 'd say its well worth the money , but at the same time you get what you pay for .
 This is a simple little mouse pad but works well . My only objection was that I ordered it along with a new keyboard , expecting them to be shipped together . The mouse pad , which cost around $ 3.00 , was shipped separately and $ 5.00 freight was added , which did not make this purchase cost-effective . Other than that , I have no complaints about the pad itself .
 It has a good size . It has a good surface to track on . It is very , very lightweight though . But it stays down just fine over time .
 The pad has gone through a lot . It got flaming shards of a light bulb thrown at it , the bulb just blew up I do n't know what happen to it but little damage was made to the pad . I 'm a gamer and it can take my raged filled slams of the mouse . The pad 's edge cloth part started to peal off but I think it was because I got it wet . All and all it 's a large pad for the extra mouse stroke and VERY durable .
 this mouse pad suits me just fine , thanks.I would not restrain any compliment on this purchase experience .
 Let 's see ... a 95 cent mouse pad , how could you go wrong ? But do n't start thinking this pad is not worth buying because the price implies low quality . No , this little gray beauty is quite possibly the superior choice of all mouspads , just as long as you do n't prefer specific designs or add-ons -LRB- i.e. wrist pads . -RRB- Obviously it 's gray , meaning it 's not too bright or too dark , but just right , and wo n't stand out on your desk . Also , Belkin -LRB- the manurfacture -RRB- produces an icredible number of different colors and designs , just check them out in the mouse pages . Secondly , the upper cloth material is supperior quality , and after personally using this exact mouspad for over 3 years , it is NOT yet showing a single sign of wear and tear . Best of all , the rubber underside is incredibly adhesive to wood , synthetics -LRB- plastics -RRB- , or even metal . Liquid does n't even absorb , only resting in harmless little beads until cleared away . Sure , it might be .95 cents , but it 's the best darn mousepad I 've ever owned . Pick one up , you wo n't feel like you `` should 've gotten that other design '' or `` other color '' . It 's not flashy , but it IS the perfect mouse pad .
 Well , not really . It sticks reasonably well to the surface - could be a little better . It cost less than a buck . Best part is it came in a box big enough for a small microwave with 2 day Amazon Prime free shipping . The box was worth more than the mouse .
 I 've tried the hard plastic type mouse pads and after a short while the rubber ball in my mouse would just slide over them with out working my mouse right . So I tried this fabric coated pad and I love it as much as my mouse does . Working great !
 This is exactly the kind of mouse pad that actually works . It 's not shiny ; the surface is like a felt . The bottom is non-skid . The shiny mouse pads have too much reflection and the mouse does n't `` grab . '' This product is great .
 This product is as described . It is 3/16 '' x 8 '' x 10 '' so not the average run of the mill small pad . Not as heavy as the one I was replacing but an acceptable product just the same .
 THIS MOUSE PAD SUCKS I ORDERED A BELKIN ONE AND IT WAS GOOD BUT THEN I LOST IT AND ORDERED THIS ONEITS USELESS AND ITS TOO LIGHT DOES NOT STICK THIS MOUSE PAD IS WAY BETTER Belkin F8E089-BLK 8-by-9-Inch Mouse Pad -LRB- Black -RRB-
 I do n't understand how some folks can write a book review on a simple mouse pad . It 's a MOUSE PAD ! It works . It `` was '' cheap wheN I bought it , but not anymore . Bottom line ? It works . If the price is right , get it .
 I bought this about 2 weeks ago , and this mouse pad has not given me any problems . I guess the rubber at the bottom kind of slips , but that happens very rarely . For $ 2 , this was a killer deal !
 These cards are much more beautiful than the image depicts and were exactly what I was searching for . Great service and great deal from this real nice seller too !! Will definitely buy these again ~ thank you !!
 The phone is better then it looks in the picture . WE LOVE IT ! Thanks
 The Lamy 2000 fountain pen is perfect for people who want a good , solid workhorse fountain pen . The differential piston mechanism can easily gulp down a large supply of ink . The breather hole is positioned as close to the nib as possible , so you only have to dip the very tip of the pen to fill it up . Since the body is mostly made of Makrolon with stainless steel accents it is very light , yet feels warm and substantial in your hand.This classic of 1960s design is equally at home sitting next to Apple 's latest aluminum keyboard or your favorite Eames chair.Note that Lamy 2000 nibs run seem to run a size larger than marked . My XF nib writes like a German F nib , or a Japanese M nib .
 The new pen and box arrived as described . The newer version - the metal under the nib being the most obvious difference.The Lamy 2000 pen extra fine nib had been previously inked or tested at the factory prior to shipping . The nib was a little toothy on my first few sheets of test . The nibs on the new pens seem to have become a bit finer , too , more in line with ` normal ' sizes . I am using Private Reserve Ebony Noir ink in my first test . The Extra Fine is much closer to what most people would describe as a fine , and even what some would probably call medium.The pen does not leak and applies a broader line than the Namiki fine nib . You can write within a narrow ruled paper without any problem . For a man with a medium size hand the Lamy seems to write better and is balanced with the cap posted to the end of the barrel . The barrel is made of a lovely plastic like material called Makrolon which is easy to grasp and hold for precision work . The Lamy fits perfectly into a shirt pocket while the cap fits/clicks on tight to the barrel . The shirt clip springs backwards to adjust to the shirt pocket.The barrel is wider towards the middle of the pen which I 've found requires less grip strength to use . I often find my hands and fingers further away from the nib than on the Namiki VP . A petite lady friend with delicate hands , feels that the Lamy fountain pen is perfect for her use uncapped -LRB- cap not posted to barrel -RRB- . Overall the first impression and use is very satisfying.Lamy 2000 Physical Description : Length Capped
 The Lamy 2000 fountain pen not only feels perfect in your hands but delivers writing performance unmatched with anything at this price pont . I love it and being a pen aficionado , I 've got a bunch of different pens which all deliver in bunches . That said , the one I keep coming back to is the 2000 . Not the most expensive but pure writing pleasure.Highly recommended .
 prior to getting this pen , i have always been wanting to buy a fountain pen . however , i was never able to justify purchasing a 600 MontBlanc pen and bear the thought of potentially scratching it or losing it . however , after extensive research , i have found the online consensuses that when paying anything up to $ 150 for a fountain pen , the money will be spent toward a good nib and solid construction ; anything else beyond that will be paying for the extra bling . with in the $ 100-150 range , there were not many selections that were equipped with Gold nib unless i decided to go vantage . as a result , i have narrow down my selection to the Lamy 2000 . as others pointed out , the design of the pen symbolize simplicity . The texture on the outer fiberglass shell is actually rather shallow , but despite being shallow , it does not compromise the grip.with the pen empty , the pen tends to be front heavy . however , once the pen is fill with ink , the balance of the pen become very neutral -LRB- the weight balance is right after the viewing window w/o the cap -RRB- . so depends on your holding preference , you may add the cap to allow a more balanced higher grip.the pen i got is of the new design . the piston is very smooth and the breathing hole is all stainless.the sweet spot of the nib in my pen is somewhere in between 40-50 degrees .
 I am not very experienced with fountain pens . I have only been using one -LRB- Lamy Safari -RRB- for about 9 months . After using the Safari I knew that fountain pens were the way to go for me . I had read so many reviews about how great the 2000 was and so far so good . I have been using the 2000 extra fine nib for almost one month and love it . It is very beautifully designed , writes very smooth , and was very easy to fill with ink . As far as the size of the nib goes it does seem to run a size bigger than advertised as pointed out by other reviewers but was not an issue for me . The price on Amazon , $ 118 or so , was far below normal retail and the experience buying from them was fantastic . I have the new model which was supposed to fix the leaking problem . I have had the pen for one month , store it either flat or upright , and it has yet to leak . If you are debating it and do n't have much experience with fountain pens , buy it . The price is right and the product is amazing .
 Before deciding to treat myself to this pen , the Lamy Safari had been my favorite writing tool , hands-down . Now that I can compare the two , I can say that the Lamy 2000 is a good deal smoother -LRB- and sexier -RRB- than its less expensive cousin . When I first used it it wrote so easily I thought it must be a gel pen in disguise . Ink wants to flow from this thing.The design is a lot of the appeal , and I 'll admit up front that the minimalist , Bauhaus aesthetic -LRB- as well as it being cited by Neil Gaiman as his go-to pen for noveling -RRB- had a lot to do with it . It writes beautifully . The piston mechanism works wonderfully , and when it 's sealed up the break line disappears almost completely . But be warned
 just as ansel wrote the camera , the negative , and the print , this would be `` The Pen '' . a solid , smooth workhorse , ready to write and take abuse . not flashy , will not get you girls , will not astonish even other pen lovers , just writes . I have had broad and now medium nibs on mine , and tends to be rather wet , but still smooth . tends to like a diet of noodler 's x-feather and navy , as well as rhodia and clairefontaine paper , does not tend to do well with cheap < 15 # paper , no matter what nib or ink . but , mine is going strong almost 2 years later as my daily writer -LRB- and I use roughly 1 refill per week at least -RRB- .
 I used to use Parker 's pen , but Parker 's nibs are too broad that I can not use it for homework or daily use . This one is perfect for journal and notes . The nib feels smooth , and the ink goes very well . I love prefer heavy pens . It 's okay that this one is light.The best writing experience ever .
 This fountain pen is an icon in writing instruments . I held off because it is somewhat spendy , but I 'm glad to be the proud owner of such a nice instrument . Go ahead , buy one , you 'll love it .
 I got the pen in the mail today and it writes wonderfully.It fell from my pocket onto hard tiles , and I stepped on it afterward with my full weight without noticing it . It still works ; I love this thing .
 I have the 4-phone version of this -LRB- E5947B -RRB- , purchased on sale at Best Buy for about 50 % more than Amazon 's 2-phone offering.I 've had it for 6 months . Everyone is happy with it . The voice quality is very good , and no reception problems in our wireless LAN equipped home.The intercom feature is quite useful if you have 4 people in a large home . It 's easy to transfer or forward calls to another extension.Minor drawbacks are as follows :1 . The wall-plug transformers run a little hot , even if the phone is charged and even if the phone is out of the cradle . 4 of these running 365x24 will add to your electric bill . Sad that AT&T ; does not bother with energy-smart charging .2 . If your hands are full , you ca n't wedge the phone between your chin and neck . You 'll probably pinch the `` Off '' button and disconnect .3 . The quality of the recorded messages is fairly bad . No excuse for this .4 . Phone supports caller ID . If you do n't have caller ID , you will find 2 minor annoyances
 I purchased these phones at a great price for my parents . They work great . If there is anything negative , it is that you have to remember to push the `` off '' button when you finish the call . My parents are 85 years old , so sometimes they forget and the phone rings busy for hours . Otherwise , great purchase .
 I know that this phone has had some mixed reviews , but I also noticed that some of the less favorable ones were from a year ago or more , so I took a chance , knowing Amazon 's excellent return policy . I gave it to my dad for christmas . It was easy to set up and works wonderfully!I chose this model b/c of my faith in AT&T ; products , the new version is about $ 200 , and b/c the second handset does n't require a phone jack , just an electrical outlet ... it was perfect for the basement ! If they restock this item -LRB- especially at the $ 30 price -RRB- I would highly recommend it .
 Very user friendly . Clear sound . Screen very easy to read . All the features I need and use .
 After getting this item I have experienced nothing butcrystal clearconversationsand al the added features makes it more enjoyable . Best phone I 've gotten from AT ^ T.
 AMAZON PRODUCTS INVARIABLY EXCELLENT . I HAVE BEEN SHOPPING WITH AMAZON AND I RETURNED A PRODUCT ONLY ONCE . GREAT ON-LINE SITE .
 I 'm on the Computer for hours a day . The edge of the desk was digging into my arm . This product helps to cushion your arm from the the hard corner of a desk . It was exactly what i was looking for and i am thrilled with my purchase .
 took care of the pain in my shoulder from me leaning on the hard desk edge , they should make one that goes all the way across . I plan to get another for my left arm . only draw back is that it frequently gets knocked on the floor but I still recomend it .
 This is a great product , great idea ! It holds on to the edge of the table , yet it is very easy to move around , it does n't use a clasp to hold on , but has this grip . Anyway , my arm will never hurt from the sharp edge of the table anymore ! It is very comfy . = -RRB-
 I have had this phone for about four months now , and I love it . I was worried about buying it when I read the reviews , but as of today , I have not yet had any problems . It looks beautiful in my home .
 The phone it self is very nice ... BUT ... I did expect a bell-ring instead of a mechanical ring and the Off-ringer button dose n't work all that a side I like the phone and it goes great with my decor .
 We recently remodeled our office and wanted a binder that could be left out on shelves . We purchased 50 of them to line the bottom of the cabinets . They look great !
 This is the 4th one . I got some from Japan also . They are really well-made and cute . I love the fact that the manufacturer made a Chow , not a predominantly popular breed . I named it after my dog and it 's hanging by my purse . Now , I have a pack of 4 dogs .
 Lightweight and easy to carry ... perfect for taking notes on the go . Leather outside is good for the money !
 Beside I always carry a laptop , tablet and smartphone I just love the feeling of paper and fountain pen , so this folio is great to take notes anywhere !
 pricey because it has a red cross emblem but a nice little portfollio , i use it to keep my car manual inside , intead of the plastic bag it came with it
 Just got my chair . The chair took about half an hour to assemble , being extremely careful and using hand tools . It seems sturdy , and has a great variety of adjustments . For me the key adjustment -LRB- and the reason I bought this chair -RRB- is that the height of the lumbar support can be adjusted . Also the seat angle , back angle , height , and arm width and height can be adjusted . I would tell you it 's comfortable , but at the moment any chair other than the one I was sitting on would feel comfortable . It is also a slightly funky looking chair though not as bad as in the pictures , but that was not a factor for me.On the seat slider : I ordered mine with the seat slider thinking that I could never have too many adjustments . This was a flawed assumption . The seat is naturally very deep and even at it 's lowest setting and the seat slider makes it a little bit deeper . I had to take my seat slider off because my legs were n't long enough to be comfortable with the slider on . For you reference my height is 5 ' 9 '' with slightly shorter than average legs in proportion to my body . Unless you have trouble with seats being not deep enough -LRB- aka you are VERY tall -RRB- I do n't recommend paying the extra for the slider.I gave it 4 stars because there is n't enough information available to make an informed decision on the slider -LRB- even on Boss 's website -RRB- , and because the seat still feels a touch too deep for me , the minimum height is a touch too tall , and the seat arms are a tiny bit too wide at their narrowest . Essentially everything is great except that the seat is a little too big .
 I bought this to sort papers in my classroom . It 's big and stacks well with papers in it , then fits well in my rolling cart . Price was right , too .
 I was looking for an attractive , black wire basket that blended with my office decor , looked modern and was n't big and boxy and I found this little gem . And the price was better than the local store .
 I use this basket in my home office . It 's sturdy , easy to pick up , and helps me organize loose papers . The best thing is that even though it 's been filled a number of times it has n't bent at all .
 At first , I wanted a dark wood tray , then decided in favor of a black wire product which would work better over my wood desk top . The price was very reasonable , and the lightness of the wire adds a sleek , modern touch . I 'm quite pleased with the purchase .
 exactly what it said , cant ask for more . classic look , but could use a place for a label or a built in label holder
 I had ordered the brackets thinking the baskets were included originally . These were the most economically priced . I was looking for an alternative to plastic . I have a limited budget so I wanted something that would last . These are being used for mail , stacked 5 high . Be patient with the brackets , they were not easy for me to figure out but I am happy with the end result .
 This is a simple holder for papers , ect but it does a good job of helping me keep organized . It 's a `` no frills '' way to stay organized and I like it .
 As a retirement community program planner I receive and keep loads of brochures and info sheets for performers , speakers , trips , vendors , etc. and have had piles stacked up on my bookshelves for years . Recently on an office supply hunt , this item popped up as a lowered-price &#34; Add On &#34; . After reading other reviews I decided it was just what I need.It 's a great basket with a simple function
 The items came as advertised and faster than I had anticipated . I am pleased with the product . I highly recommend .
 Anyone with a desk needs one of these . I use it to store important papers until I get time to file them ...
 This product is ideal for organizng your desk . It has worked perfect for me.I like that it is compact . Shipping arrived dring its estimated shipping date .
 This product is nice for filing , it fits perfect on my desk for paperwork that needs to filed at a later time . Nice product .
 Not sure what I can say . It 's a black basket and it works really well . I 've used them for years and they keep getting borrowed so I was happy to find this one . It 's not leaving my sight !
 This simple item was impossible to order from our local office supply stores . I was very happy to locate these on Amazon as our office needed a few more .
 This is a metal basket . It is black . and it works ... as a basket . If you need this basket to be something else , buy something else .
 Amazon was the only place I could find this book without paying over $ 100 for it . We use these for record keeping and they 're excellent ! Not even our main sources for office products keep these books in stock . Not sure if they 've been discontinued by the manufacturer or not . Everything about the description was accurate and the item was delivered faster than expected . Thanks !
 not pretty but sturdy and practical , fits heaps of papers , just what I was after to put in the cupboard out of view .
 These are a little hard to put together , but it is because they are so strong and sturdy . I wish I would have bought more . It comes with tabs so you can label what is on each tray , and this is very helpful when I need to find something quickly .
 I needed something to use in my cupboard that had these dimensions and it works well . it is not aesthetically interesting but because it is not in full view , it is OK . it is sturdy enough and the price was definitely right !
 These were ordered to serve a classroom environment where footprint space was at a premium and durability -LRB- middle school students are not known for care of equipment -RRB- . They were easily clipped together to form stacks three high and have worked well . These trays work well unstacked or stacked -- three high is all we needed . I suspect high is possible but there is a small amount of movement in each basket once they are stacked . In a classroom environment that movement prevented stacking taller . Overall , a good value and they have performed well .
 I bought two of these to keep the papers on my desk a little more organized . It was a little difficult to fit the rubber attachments but eventually got muscled on . I like that I can stagger the trays -LRB- i.e. the bottom tray is a littler farther out than the top one -RRB- . Unlike plastic trays , there 's no bowing in the middle , despite having lots of paper weight on it.I do n't love the look of the fat rubber attachments , but for the price and the durability , it gets a five from me .
 Great Product . It is very easy to set up . Very sturdy . Product in very good condition . Do n't know what happed to the person who said it was poor quality . I love this product
 The trays took a few minutes to put the pieces together to stack them , but they are sturdy and just what I needed to organize the clutter .
 I bought 10 of these trays to organize the various documents in our family home office . They are sturdy and a good value .
 If you want a Big German Pen , the Pelikan 800 is the way to go . Since day one I 've received it , this is my pen of choice . Excellent quality , nice ink flow , smooth writer and luxurious looks . Be aware that this pen is big , if you have small hands go with the 400 's or 600 's series .
 The Pelikan M800 is the perfect fountain pen . I 've owned one with the black barrel & gold furniture for nearly a year , and it is by far my favorite fountain pen . I use other fountain pens in my collection , but I always return to my M800 after a day or so away from it . Here are the reasons why I love this pen :1 . Ink capacity - This pen has a huge ink capacity . I can go for 2 or 3 weeks at a time without needing to refill the ink reservoir .2 . Filling mechanism - I really like the piston mechanism used to draw ink into the pen . The brass piston always operates smoothly , and the piston screw never comes loose after it 's tightened .3 . Nib - I have to admit that this pen is n't the best-writing pen in my fountain pen collection , but it 's still a smooth writer that 's always a pleasure to use . I have a fine nib , but it writes a little more like a medium . I 've heard that this is pretty typical of Pelikan pens . The nib itself is a beauty ; it 's a 2-tone 18k gold nib with a pelican engraved on it . Also , the nib can easily screw out from the barrel , making changing nibs easy as can be .4 . Reliability - This pen never skips and it starts writing every time the nib hits the paper , even after sitting idle for several days . There are never any leakage problems , either . I do n't have to be afraid of a blob of ink flying out when I use this pen .5 . Craftsmanship - Everything on this pen is put together beautifully . The gold trim complements the black finish perfectly , and it 's not so much gold that it looks gaudy . -LRB- This is coming from a guy who prefers white gold to yellow gold ! -RRB- The M800 is also a durable pen . I 've accidentally dropped it once or twice , and nothing has ever broken on it . -LRB- I would n't recommend regularly abusing it , though ! -RRB- The resin has proven to be tough .6 . Size - This might be a drawback to some people , but I really like the large size of this pen . I do n't like using writing instruments that are too thin , and there 's no need to worry about that with the M800 . It 's a big pen ... about 6.5 '' posted , 5 '' unposted , & 5.5 '' capped . The barrel is just about 0.5 '' in diameter . I find this pen extremely comfortable to use.All of these factors are what made the Pelikan M800 become my favorite fountain pen . I recommend this fountain pen very , very highly !
 Bought this as a present for my grandson 's 1st birthday . His parents said it was very sturdy and easy to assemble .
 These step stools are a great value for the price . I have a similar plain brown one from Target that was more expensive . Usually licensed stuff costs so much more . The quality on these is very nice , the top logo has carving around it , and the lid opens up to a nice space my kids love to store their bathroom stuff in . I ordered two , and they were very easy to assemble .
 THis is a great stepstool . Very easy to put together . Shipped very fast !! I just wish is has little slam guard cushions for the lid . It is sooo loud when it gets slammed shut , even on accident . Otherwise perfect !
 A great well made product . Assembly was easy . Prompt shipping , a great merchant to do business with .
 Awesome design ; I bought it for my 2YO son , but my daughter loves it too . Very sturdy and super easy to assemble . Actually plan to get one for my daughter so they do n't fight over it .
 This product is just as the picture shows . It is good quality , durable and fun for the little one to hide his stuff ... Shipping time was fantastic and the price was great !
 Bought this as an addition to our son 's room - he loves it!Perfect for toddlers .
 I bought this stepstool for my nephew for Christmas -LRB- he 's 16 months -RRB- . His mom and dad are Cubs fans , and they loved it as much as my nephew did . It 's durable and easy to put together , although at first I put one of the sides on wrong . It took me about 15 minutes to assemble . It seemed strong enough for me to stand on -LRB- I weigh around 160 lbs . -RRB- , although I would n't stand on it for a long time . Great for a kid for the bedroom -LRB- getting into bed -RRB- or bathroom sink . Fast shipping too .
 Got this for my nephew . Shipping timing was awesome ! Quality of product , solid ! So easy to assembly , phillips screw driver only tool required!Very excited will definitely use this company again !
 It is longer then I expected -- legal size . But it keeps my desk papers from being shoved off by the cats , I 've got it velcro 'd to the desk . Wish it had come in white or off-white but it did n't .
 I bought two of these to sit by the printer and my desk to have a place to dump `` to-be-recycled '' paper . I had been using a box from some file folders but a -RRB- it was too small and b -RRB- it was fairly flimsy.These bins have nice high sides so they can hold a good bit of paper and I got them in legal size -LRB- even though much/most of my output is letter sized -RRB- so that it was easy to cram stuff in there -LRB- do n't want to have to take it out to the recycling bin in the garage too often -RRB- .
 These wire baskets work perfect in my office . They are deep enough to hold books and papers and I like the fact that I can see what items are in the basket even if they are at the bottom .
 I use one of these trays next to my shredder to hold papers and things that I will shred later . It 's perfect for this and keeps everything nice and tidy.Pros : --------------- + Strong , good build quality . + Large , room enough for many different paper sizes and can hold a large stack.Durable , these trays will last a long time.Cons : --------------- None that I can think of .
 This file tray came at a great price and also holds a lot of files . It 's sturdy and looks great on my desk .
 The large size and sturdiness was just what I needed . Not recommended for a small or medium size desk but great otherwise .
 We 've had a series of inbox tray organizers over the years , and I like this one the best . The plastic ones get dusty because of static , the wooden ones are expensive and get dinged up over time , and the solid metal ones look sterile.This one is inexpensive , and looks good on my desk . It 's plenty deep enough for whatever papers I want to put in it , and the clear plastic feet protect the wood on my desk .
 Nice basket that I think will stand up to the light beating it will take in my car . I fold the front seat down flat giving me a work surface -LRB- do n't worry , not a distraction -RRB- , but file folders slide around when I drive . So , this will be used as a mobile desk tray . I may Velcro it down but it has not slipped on my first drives .
 ONE OF THE BASKETS IS MISSING A PLASTIC , SNAP ON FOOT . DOES ANYONE KNOW WHERE I INFORM AMAZON OR THE MANUFACTURER OF THIS PROBLEM ? Other than that , these baskets are absolutely fantastic items of office equipment . Ease of use is remarkable - documents go into the basket and are taken out of the basket with a minimum amount of physical or thinking effort . Because it is made of wire , it is very easy to see the level of paper documents contained in the basket from the sides and not just from the top . A great purchase .
 This product is a unique size that perfectly compliments the needs of our medical office . After three or four products were returned by our clinic , this is the one that worked . Great quality with the exact-needed dimensions and fast shipping . Thanks !
 This tray is great for my legal size items in my home office and holds a good amount of papers . Sometimes it doubles as my in-basket for incoming mail.My grandson uses it sometimes for his sorting .
 I LOVE the aesthetic appeal of this phone . Largely why I bought it . heheYes , as some the previous reviews wrote , some of the parts seem kinda cheapy plastic , but hey , I was n't going for a super-heavy item . I like that it is light-weight . I do n't have to worry about it ripping itself out of the wall . My 7yr old LOVES putting dimes into it and hearing the chime . And yes , the chime sounds like payphones of old . Did I mention that I LOVE this phone 's appeal . Recommend it .
 I got this phone for my kitchen . It goes well with the vintage signs I have there . It is far less heavy and expensive than a metal pay phone and it is in working order unlike many vintage pay phones . I love it !
 Awesome phone wish had the Retro ringtone as well but looks great on the wall not hard to hang either . Took 5 mins to install out of the box !
 Loved it . Looks great in my kitchen . Works great and the bank is cool , sounds like a pay phone when you drop coins in it . It is a great addition to anyones home and a great conversation piece .
 This phone is all they said it would be . I coins ding each time one is put in . The extra long cord make it nice to walk around the kitchen and use . Plus it is great to have around just in case the power goes out and I need a hard land line phone .
 I purchased the Crosley CR56 1950 's pay phone for three reasons ; the style , the affordable price , and to remind my teens that making phone calls are not free . It is such a great conversation starter that my dad requested for me to order him one .
 It looks great hanging on wall but did not hang right so we had to rig it not used so cant comment on that just a decoration
 Cant wait to display the phone in our Man Cave . I love its authenticity and great price . I wish the phone had a real dial , however , not critivial . Overall looks great and cant wait to see how it works .
 Telephone works well and looks and feels like a real pay phone . It does double as a bank and the family puts extra change in it to save up for DVD rentals and pizza nights . The red phone looks great against the yellow wall in our kitchen . The Amazon price including shipping is still less than anywhere else including Ebay -LRB- $ 68 -RRB- . The only drawbacks are the chrome accents are over plastic and there is a modern ringer on the telephone .
 I love the look of this phone but was surprised that is is almost entirely plastic and does not have that ` heavy ' authentic feel to it . Despite , this phone is charming and doubles as a bank . When you drop a coin in the slot you can hear an old fashioned CLING . My toddler quickly wore the cling out but it still gets many compliments . Easy to hang on a wall and fun to talk on . Satisfactoy quality overall .
 I like how the phone looks like the older models . I like how it is very light . What I did not like was how it looked too plastic . I wish it looked more metal.Over all . I am very happy .
 I like my phone it looks good and sounds just as good as some of the other higher priced phones and the headset is heavy but you have to be careful to put the headset back on the phone lightly so not to break it because it is plastic.Some people was not happy because it was plastic but if it wasn `` t plastic it would cost alot more money.I like this phone more then the other phones I have .
 We really enjoy the phone . It is quite a discussion piece and the quality is very good . Two minor complaints
 My review is pretty well the same as the rest , the phone looks amazing , but sounds terrible . Sounds like someone 's cell phone is ringing , not what you 'd expect to come out of this thing from it 's appearance .
 This phone looks so great on our wall . We just wanted a basic phone that looked good . It is not heavy at all . A lot of it is plastic and looks like chrome - which I was n't expecting , but all in all it looks great and works great . The long cord is nice . It does n't hang on the ground , but yet it 's long enough to move around a bit when talking .
 This phone is great and it looks so real , my daughter who is forever on the phone thinks it is real and she has been putting dimes in there , its a real conversational piece .
 Looks great in my apartment ! just what i wanted , i love the chime when you drop change in it ! Comes with long chord , very old school !
 This phone is pretty cute and visitors to my house love the way it looks . About the only thing I would want to change is the ringer which should sound more old bell style , it has a pretty weak electronic `` ring '' . Oh and the reviews I read prompted me to buy a different and longer cord , but the one that came with it is just fine and reaches our counter 6 feet away with no problems .
 The handle is nice and hefty , like the old phones of our childhood.Fun to drop the coins in and hearing the old familiar sounds.Voice
 We got this phone in a brilliant red . Its the perfect phone for our kitchen , and works much better than the cordless phone we replaced with it . Best part , in addition to the cool retro looks and clear looks , is that with the long cord on the headset we can carry it around to any place in our kitchen while remaining on a call.We love it .
 I ca n't tell you anything about how this phone works , because I 'm using it for decoration only . I can tell you that it looks just the same as it does on the web site , and it 's a great bright red . It makes me happy to look at it . : - -RRB-
 I Just received my RED pay phone and it looks great , Delivery was fast though I had to pay extra for clearing customs , I 'm a little disapointed that it 's made of plastic and hope it dose n't break easy . All in All ... Nice look .
 At my daugter-in-law 's suggestion I got this red pay phone for my kitchen . It is decorated with the retro them.Let me tell you -- it is the neatest thing ! Everyone comments on how cool it is -- works great -- looks great!Love it , love it !
 This replica antique telephone completed this newly renewed kitchen . I believe it is what tied everything together . I like the phone altogether , also the coin slots to drop money in to . It takes you back in time .
 Ours looked so nice that the next door neighbor had us order one for her too . We get alot of compliments on it . It is on the wall in front of our 34 Ford Coupe .
 This phone is surprisingly light and looks just like the original one . The phone reception works well also .
 It was a perfect gift for a married friends ... they loved it . The delivery of the phone was on time and the phone works very good !!! It 's a great and beautiful product .
 phone is awesome ... looks great ... and i love the bank , the kids love to put money into it . . red is awesome ... great buy , very well made , very sturdy , not tinny at all .
 This phone is great . I just rec . and used last night , sound is good , and fun to dial . I also wish it was not a plastic body but it does seem sturdy . Fast delivery as usual with Amazon . This phone looks great on the wall , I actually remember pay phones !
 purchased as a gift . . recipient was elated because she had seen this and wanted for a while . . truly looks and sounds like a vintage pay phone . . nostalgic . . takes one back in time . . great seller . . no problems
 I love this phone . It has been the perfect touch for my living room . It works perfectly . I get positive comments from everyone who sees it .
 I was so impressed with this phone I immediately ordered another one for my daughter in-law . I do n't use it as a real phone but I really enjoy the look ... : - -RRB-
 Expected it to be more heavy duty , but it 's made from lightweight plastic . It is easy to use , and the quality is good . Can adjust handset volume and ringer volume . A bell dings like a little kid 's toy when you put coins in .
 The phone was simple to install and is light weight . Even though the phone is made of plastic , it looks authentic -LRB- metal -RRB- . The sound quality is good , but not great . If you are looking for a functional phone with an historical look at an affordable price , this is your phone .
 I live in an old house , and this phone is GREAT for the wall in my kitchen ! You can even put coins in it , and it stores them in a `` bank '' at the bottom . Very authentic feel , though not heavy . The cord is long , so I can walk around the kitchen while I talk , just like my Grandma did !
 I 've had one of these in a phone booth in my bar/rec room in my house for about two years . It looks great and the audio quality is great . The call information card is easily replaceable.The phone is mostly plastic , but considering that used , real metal payphones typically sell for > $ 250 in working condition , this is a bargain .
 I bought this for my sister 's `` rumpus room '' - - seemed she & her husband had everything else -LRB- pool table , foosball table , poker supplies , etc. -RRB- . The phone fits in great with the feel of the room , my sister and brother-in-law love it , its well-made & attractive , and to top it all off , it encourages their guests to leave tips ! : - -RRB-
 I love my phone - it is quite a conversation piece . The workmanship on the phone is great and I tell my friends they ca n't use the phone unless they pay . The sound the phone makes when the coins are dropped is so authentic .
 I bought this in red for our kitchen as a conversation piece more than anything . I remember when I was little , I went to a house that had a payphone and we thought it was so cool . It is true that the body of the phone itself is extremely lightweight plastic . That being said , unless you intend to throw it around the room or play catch with it , I really do n't see the big deal . It 's a wall phone that will be stationary , so unless the plastic is cracked I do n't think it 's a huge deal . The phone receiver itself is a little heavy . The reception on the phone does have some a faint static background to it , but it does n't affect the conversation in any way . I do n't see why this issue ca n't be resolved but all in all , it may be the coolest and prettiest phone you own , but it wo n't be the one with the clearest connection/reception . I suppose you need to prioritize your values with this phone . Me personally , I wanted a phone I could use but was pretty . I got it in this phone .
 Like everyone else wish it were a little heavier , also wish that you had to put money in to make a call LOL . But I really like it and have gotten many compliments on it .
 Very nice nostalgic item . I added a small bell in the bank box to give more of a ca-ching sound when coins are dropped in .
 went searching for items from the 50 's for a room being built in our basement that looks and feels like a diner . love the look and the fact that it is a working phone makes it even more special . one of the first things that i purchased online . good choice .
 This product is great ! It 's one fo the first things noticed when someone walks in the room . Fast Shipping .
 This old timey pay phone has been the perfect addition to my country kitchen . The red is beautiful and I was really surprised how well mfg. the phone was . Not flimsy at all ... and the clarity of the connection is awesome . I would have preferred a rotating number pad , but I love it none-the-less . Makes me smile everytime I walk past . If you are on the fence about purchasing ... do n't wait ... get it now . You too will love the throw back to the good ole days .
 Crosley CR56 1950 's Pay Phone - Brushed ChromeLooks great hanging on the wall . It also works well . Earpiece is clear . No feedback from mouthpiece to earpiece -LRB- I 've had that happen with some phones before -RRB- . It 's fairly lightweight . I was n't expecting that . It looked heavier online . The body of the phone is plastic , but seems to be of good quality . I recommend this one .
 Cutest phone ever ! I placed it on the wall in my 50 's inspired media room . The only downfall is it 's made out of plastic . Looks authentic and is a great center of conversation . Overall I am pleased and would recommend it to anyone .
 I have not used this phone as of yet . But I plan to put this in my basement to give it an old look . And this phone is perfect for that . This definately will generate interest among my guests . U get what u see . Amazon price was very competitive among some other sites .
 I love my red payphone , it has been getting alot of attention from everyone who sees it !
 Great product . I use this to keep track of school papers and bills . Perfectly fits manilla folders and will hold long letters as well -LRB- though I would consider a smaller one if your looking for it to hold a variety of bills and letters -RRB- . Saves space , keeps me organized , and looks pretty snazzy too . Highly recommended !
 I work in an office and needed a quicker way to view and find my files that are relatively small and quick moving files . These work great . I have 3 side by side , so I can quickly find each file ...
 PERFECTO ... . I was hesitant to buy these - 1 . I graduate this semester -LRB- and I want to throw everything I own away and run ! 2 . People talk poorly about the little rubbing things . I do not even have them on mine and I have had not one problem . The again I DO NOT slam papers in there and I do actually get up to get out very thick files . PSS The held my thick class files -LRB- THICK -RRB- and never budged .
 This works perfectly on my work desk , so that files are forward facing and I can spot what I need much more quickly !
 We are now empty nesters . Sort of . Our nest seems to be doomed ... er ... . blessed ? ... to being empty only periodically . Regardless of living arrangements , most of the kids have their mail delivered here . That 's fine ! We like that they use this as their address until each is settled -LRB- and has stopped moving in for `` a couple of months '' -RRB- . This simple office tool comes in very handy to separate and keep their mail neatly displayed until they remember to grab it on the way out the door . No more piles on the kitchen counter !
 The shipping is ridiculously fast and I ordered it and three days later I got the product and I placed that order on super saver shipping . I am happy that I chose this product over others because it is cheaper and very sturdy . I loaded all papers and binders in this and it holds really well . It is also a space saver and clears up my desk ! I am satisfied customer !
 I really needed this and looked for one with good reviews . I feel this one is perfect for my desktop filing needs . It 's lightweight but holds heavy files fine . I have no problem with the plastic feet coming off , it does n't move from the spot where I take files in and out all day long . Does exactly what I need it to and only spent $ 12.21 .
 This is a good product for the price . Sturdy construction , looks good on my desk . Would buy more if I needed them .
 good product with high quality , very useful if you are a student or office man/lady . It can help you well organize your documents .
 These help to teach kids how to add introductions and shows them how to elaborate sentences . LOVE these . They wipe off easily with dry erase markers .
 I was really impressed with the quality of this phone , both how it was made and how it works . I 've had this telephone for two years , and it still works great . Beats the heck out of portable ones .
 PROS
 This wire rack is the best I have ever seen . I was looking for a way to store 331/3 LP albums . Bookends did not work and even bricks did not work because the LPs are heavy and want to fall over . LP albums should be stored vertically and when you have a couple of hundred of them a rack like this one gets the job done . I have shelves 36 inches wide and putting 3 of these racks end to end allowed me to fill the entire shelf with the LPs , and they do n't fall over . The rack is made of what I consider heavy duty wire and will hold LPs , heavy file folders , large envelopes , etc. . Another great feature is that the rack is not a `` step '' design , the slanted type that look real cool I guess , but do n't lend themselves to being placed on a shelf in a somewhat confined space . To me , being straight across make this rack very easy to use . It is all metal and comes with 4 rubber feet that are easily attached to the bottom rail in each corner which prevent sliding around or scratching a desktop . A great product , I am buying more .
 I 've had this phone for a while and I really enjoy the way it looks . I was really impressed with the quality of this phone , both how it was made and how it works . Very cool .
 I love everything that looks French . This phone is very beautiful and looks rich . I love it .
 First off , the feet do n't fit very well -- a comment shared by most reviews on similar items . It was something I was also worried about even before I bought the rack.After getting it , I was eventually able to force the feet on . You just have to apply a great deal of force and almost feel like you 're bending the feet too far , especially since they 're a type of hard plastic instead of rubbery as it looks in the picture . Honestly , it does n't really make much of a difference whether or not the feet fit or not , since it does n't change the elevation or the grip of the rack too much -LRB- hard plastic does n't grip much better than coated metal -RRB- . I use this rack as my mini GTD -LRB- see David Allen -RRB- file folder holder and can generally fit about three folders with little in them , or two somewhat filled folders . They slip in and out easily , and the rack overall looks quite attractive with wood or metal themed desks.Overall , the folders are easy enough to remove , though I expect a stepped variant of this rack to be even easier . It does n't make too much of a difference , though , and I 'd say that this style is much nicer looking .
 Just the right size to hold separated stacks of papers in a small area . Seems well made . I noticed a complaint about the feet ; I have none such . They are non-slip and easy to put on , as long as you position the side slot in the feet first , and * then * the bottom slot . I will admit that it is almost impossible to do the other way around , so be reasonable , do it my way ... ! ; - >
 The Sections for each file area could be a little Wider . Otherwise I like it . Because of it 's smaller size . I know making the file sections a little wider would make the whole thing a little larger but that would be ok - because I do n't think it would be that much .
 I think that it might be black ... could be chrome ... it has rubber feet -LRB- I like that -RRB- ... a bunch of folders in it ... and it was cheap and has n't fallen over ... highly recommended .
 I had no problem getting the `` feet '' on this item . They simply snapped on with very little force and I had the rack ready to go on my desk within minutes . I like the rack a lot . The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is because I wish I had gotten a bigger file organizer with more than 7 sections . I thought that would be large enough but I am quickly outgrowing this rack . I would recommend this to someone looking for a personal desk organizer or with only few files !
 We needed a corded wall phone in case our electricity goes out , as it often does in rural areas . While redecorating the whole house we began looking for a corded phone to replace our old one . This phone is perfect for our new look . The phone is a little loud when you talk on it , but that could just be that we set it louder than necessary . We wanted the look and are completely satisfied . It 's just cool and works when we need it to work . Love it !!!!!!
 Well made , attractive old time phone perfect for our lakehouse . Looks great on our kitchen wall . Received compliments on it from everyone who sees it .
 The phone looks great seems like its built sturdy but it doesnt ring and the speaker doesnt work either.I am returning this item for a replacement I hope the next one works .
 Ordered this to replace one that my mom lost in a house fire . She is so happy with it ! It looks antique but has modern functions . Awesome !
 Or should I say so far so good . We 've only had this phone in our country style kitchen for a few days . It replaced one we bought from the same company over 15 years ago . I personaly like the fact it has a speaker and I can go about my chores without using the headset .
 I had this identical phone years ago and loved it then too . I just had a kitchen remodel and this is the eye-catcher when people come to see the new room . The only change I make is to add a longer cord . It is the perfect addition .
 The handle color was different from the phone , and sound quality was n't that good . I like the speaker phone feature , and various sound settings . The support from the vendor , BigValue , Inc. was awesome . I would definitely buy from them again , just not this phone .
 This phone was just as described and works well too . We 've been using it for several weeks now and have not had any issues with it and the speaker phone even works better than expected .
 It looks great on our kitchen wall . I rate it 1 star short of perfect because it does n't have called ID and the ringer is too modern a sound for such a beautiful unit . Everyone who sees it tries the hand crank . It would be nice if the crank could work the bells for a real old time effect .
 We recently renovated our breezeway , which leads into our kitchen . When doing the wall that leads into the kitchen , my husband cut the hole for our telephone mount and then hung the portable phone unit on the wall . It took us about 2 weeks to regret putting the hole in the tongue & grove board to have a portable phone sitting on the wall . My husband started looking for something to cover the hole in the wall and found the country wall phone . We both loved the look of it and knew it would go perfectly on that new wall . Not only does the phone look great , but it works great , too . I am always saying I wish things could go back to the way they were , and now I have a little bit of that in our home . No complaints about this phone . We love it .
 This oak wall phone fits perfectly in a rustic or period home , fitting the decor while providing modern electronics . Since replacing my modern plastic wall phone , the Crosley has performed perfectly and certainly looks much better.Never find a small notepad when you need one ? The drawer at the bottom is a perfect storage spot , with an angled writing surface on top .
 Just as described , it came packed well , it looks better than the pictures shows it . I was well pleased with the product , it is well worth the price of this phone . I give this product a rate of A + , try it ... Crosley CR92 Country Wall Phone II - Oak
 Ok I am not using this as a working telephone but more for decor purposes . I needed something to cover up the hole from a phone jack and this seemed like a perfect solution :-RRB- So I do not know how well it works , but it looks great !
 I have a victorian home with oak cabinets in the kitchen area . This phone not only looks great , it works well too . It has great reception . I can actually hear what people are saying on the other end of the line . There 's room to put a pad and pencil for messages and also a small drawer , which I have n't used yet . Imagine having a drawer that is empty for a short span of time !!! The only thing I miss is caller id ; however , I have another phone on the extension for that . Highly recommend the phone for visual ambiance . Solidly built .
 The product is super . Looks good and works great . It really adds alot to our Country Decor .
 This phone is replacing a similar wall phone we have had for decades . It has even more updated features than the first one we purchased in the 70s and the last one we purchased in the late 80s . It blends with our decor and is a wonderfully modern and functional phone .
 I had a phone like this a long time ago and this is so much better than the other one was and is up to date woiith a hold button and I just love this phone and the price is so right !
 This phone works well - not tinny sounding . It is a nice touch in a country kitchen . It looks good , even though it does not compare to a truly rebuilt ` old time phone ' . The only thing I wish is that the crank actually made the bells ring . Everyone that sees it wants to try that out .
 I bought this phone to replace the old one we called `` the tunnel phone '' -LRB- cause you sounded like you were in a tunnel when you used it -RRB- . The sound quality and materials used are excellent . I have trouble hearing on alot of phones , but not this one , it 's wonderful and looks great .
 I really love this item and guest in my home think the phone does not work , until it rings or until one of my children dial out and/or answer it .
 I was looking at the old country wall phones on line at my son 's house and pointed out the ones I liked best . He said THIS one was the one HE would like to have . I got such a great deal from Amazon when I went to purchase it without him knowing.We spent Christmas at his home , with the family , and when he opened it he said to his wife &#34; Wow , this is just what we wanted &#34; . He dropped everything and ran for his tools and installed the phone immediately . They like every feature including the ringtone.They commented ` Look . Now we have completed our country kitchen &#34; . I was really happy that they enjoyed it so much.An amusing side note
 I love this phone . It looks really great in my country kitchen . Many comments on it . Would buy anotherIf I did n't one.Lynne Marston
 This is a great phone to put into a country kitchen.People think it is fake and ca n't believe it is a actual working phone .
 This was ordered for a friend who had a similar phone that broke He loves it it works better than expected
 Love the look of this telephone , it came brand new in its original box inside the amazon box , very well protected , tasted it and works wonderful . And I also was surprised how soon it arrives home , since this product was shipped to outside the states . I am more than happy with the phone and overall experience .
 I had a phone jack on the wall where it was useless . I could have taken it out and patched the wall , but I saw this phone and decided to check it out.Well , it looks awesome . I do n't actually use it as a phone although is does work . I get too many annoying calls on the land line.Unknown phone call quality , but looks great .
 This telephone really complements the decor in our kitchen . The phone works just fine and though it looks antique it operates with all the modern conveniences . I do miss the memory dial feature from our previous phone , however . I like the quieter `` doctors office '' ring tone . It is not near as jarring . Overall , I am very pleased with this phone .
 Got this on Amazon almost 30 dollars cheaper than target was selling it for ! Looks beautiful , works perfect , has a loud speaker phone and a neat little droor for holding a pen and some note paper . Very pleased !
 This phone is worth every penny as far as looks go . It is gorgeous ! Everyone comments on it when they see it . It works perfectly months after we purchased it . The only reason I took away one star is because the `` ring '' is not fitting for the phone itself . It sounds like an electronic phone that belongs in an office cubicle from the 1980 's . The sound does n't fit the look at all . I REALLY wish the company would have gone the extra mile and set a ring that sounds old-fashioned to complete the whole theme . But that is a minor complaint in the grand scheme of things . Very nice !
 We like these retro items and this phone looks like the real thing from the 20 's and works well . Nice touch to our kitchen .
 I wanted a phone that looked antique - this phone does and has all the modern features . I would recommend the phone to anyone wanted the same .
 This is a fun phone . It is a design throw-back with the same true `` ring '' of it 's day.The only fault I can find is that the volume setting does not go as soft as I would prefer . This expels the placement of the device from the bedroom.By the way - great yellow ! Bright and upbeat .
 This retro phone was purchased as a gift for my Princess -LRB- wife -RRB- at her request and really rang her bell ! I must admit , it brings back memories for me as well . It is simple and straight-forward which is what was wanted . The ringing bell however seems out of synch with all the electroinic tones in the house.It will also function as a land line in a power outage when all the wireless sets will not . Every home should have one .
 The phone is adorable . Love the yellow . The sound is very good -- I do n't have to strain to hear with it . There is just enough weight to the phone to make it feel solid . Comfortable to use . Design is just a little different from the original , but still very cute . If I could change anything it would be these 2 things
 I am so very pleased with my new Princess phone . It is so pretty first of all , nice and HEAVY unlike these new phones one finds at places like Radio Shack.The only disappointment that I had with my Princess pink phone was that it does NOT light up when dialing , as the original ones did back in the fifties .
 Very pleased with this phone . It 's a great shade of pink , and has the vintage styling and old fashioned ring . Substantial and dependable . Looks great and works great .
 My daughter has been asking for a princess phone forever ! Santa finally brought her one for Christmas and she was thrilled . Mom and Dad loved the quality of the phone -LRB- since we both remember the original princess phones -RRB- . I think she 'll enjoy this phone for years to come .
 I wanted a pink phone and this one looks great on my desk . It takes some getting used to to use a corded phone again . The hand cradle feels so big , but that 's just because it 's not cordless.Overall good phone !
 LOVE THE CAMPY CUTE PINK PHONE WITH THE RETRO FEEL . SO MUCH BETTER THAN A BORING BLACK ONE . AND DOES N'T COST TOO MUCH TO BE CUTE !
 This is the heavy duty , easy to hold , princess phone with the familiar old-fashioned ring . The flash and redial features are incorporated in the face plate . This is a great product .
 Item was shipped and received very quickly . Item arrived just as represented .
 I am so happy with this phone . It has a great retro look and it is heavy like phones used to be . It is adorable and looks authentic .
 The item arrived on time and good shape . I have used this phone for awhile , and it has performed well .
 High quality and lovely in appearance . Purchased this model in chrome and just adore my phone.Has a real mechanical `` bell '' ringer , voice communication is clear , and all functions work perfectly - just like the princesses of the past . Very pleased : -RRB-
 When I received my sweet little pink telephone I plugged it in right away and it has been working like a top since then . I needed a small telephone for my computer desk and one that had the buttons in the base rather than the handset.With buttons in handset have to pull phone away from ear to punch in all the one , two , threes etc. for all the automated systems we have to deal with these days and usually miss the next prompt while phone is away from ear . Searched web sites for a Princess and found it at Amazon at a reasonable price.Love this phone ...
 I ordered this product for my granddaughter - who recently had her room redone by her other grandmother . She is not old enough to warrant a cell phone , so we decided to get her the Pink Princess telephone - as we thought she would like it . The product arrived in the promised time frame , and was exactly as it was desribed . It was a little expensive - compare to other products - but I believe it was worth the extra money - as it is well built , and should last her a long time . She was very excited with it , and has used it to stay in contact with her school friends . I am happy with the product , and would do business with the company again .
 The Crosley 1950 's Pink Princess Phone is a great telephone . I love the looks of it and it works beautifully . I would definately recomend this product .
 Just like I remembered . This phone is just like the original without the rotary dial.Thank you for offering it . It is a fun phone .
 I love this phone so much ! Even now I only wish to exchange it for another one . It worked fine at first but about two weeks ago it started to have delayed dialing and the push button function is delayed when using menus as well . Gorgeous product , retro look , modern convenience . Hope I can still get a replacement and hope the replacement lasts a lot longer .
 I purchased this for my 92 year old mother , she loves it and she can work with it because it is so simple . Loves the look and color . Made very very very well
 This phone is well made . It takes me back when i was a teenager . Days long gone lol I highly recommend .
 I love the princess phone I ordered on Amazon ; it was the perfect addition to my castle -LRB- condo -RRB- ! It arrived amazingly fast and has served as quite the conversation piece by visitors to my new home . It is a soft , subtle pink and literally has a nice ring to it .
 The phone was exactly as I anticipated . An exact replica of the princess phone I had for my daughter in the 1950 's . It looks as if it was a rotary dial , but indeed is pushbutton and modern techn ology . It 's the best .
 A lot of people complained that the phone broke easily . I ca n't imagine what they are doing to it . I 've had mine for five years and it 's still working just fine . It 's a pretty phone , too , and you can actually hear with the receiver , unlike today 's cordless models and corded models with those funny shaped receivers . I also like that you can hold it between your shoulder and your ear and thus have both hands free to do something else with . This is impossible with todays smooth , oddly shaped receivers .
 This phone is so much nicer than the new high-tech gadget phones especially in a room with shades of pink ~ It works very well . The only drawback for me is that the cord is on the left side which makes it harder to pick it up since I 'm to the right of it ! But it 's a minor detail .
 This reproduction princess phone has a seriously precious style all its own oozing with charm . I love its soft pink color and the ` just right size ' . The spiral cord is extra long so there 's no straining with the stretch . The ring tone is quaint bringing back memories of old movies watched on a rainy Saturday afternoon . Comes with an easy push button dialing and two variations of tone . Receiver tone is adequate . I could sum up this phone in 3 words ... I love it !
 I purchased this pink Princess Phone for my 28 year old daughter for Christmas and she was tickled pink . I think it was her favorite Christmas gift . She loves it ! Was everything she hoped for .
 Love it , love it , love it , I am so happy with it , it came in less than a week and the hook up was so easy . I was surprised how heavy and well built it is . the ringer can be made to be softer at night and louder during the day a great plus since I have mine in the bedroom .
 This phone is for my daughter 's bedroom . It epitomizes little girl cuteness ! She gets a kick out of the cord and rotary style ! Just realize that it is NOT an actual rotary phone .
 I chose this phone to relive my teen years , of course , and it worked ! Unfortunately , it also made me relive the years of not knowing who was calling until I answered . This means cold calls from people selling things . I 'm hoping to find a caller ID box that will work with this , but if not , I 'll have to let the calls go to voicemail first.Otherwise I love it . It has the heft of the old phones , and the comfort ot the old earpieces .
 At 98 she was having problems with the new cordless phones when it came to putting it in the proper place to listen and talk . This phone was perfect ! The sound is clear , the color is feminine and the size small enough for easy placement . The weight is also substantial enough so the phone is not too easy to pull off the table by the chord .
 I already had this phone in my kitchen and liked it so much that I decided to get another one for my computer room . It is so feminine looking and pretty , but also works so well . The hand-piece is curved perfectly and is so comfortable to hold . Pink is my favorite color , which is another big plus , but it is as functional as it is pretty to look at .
 I had a `` real '' Princess phone , but it was useless in this age of new technology . I went to Uverse digital -LRB- phone -RRB- and lost the ability of analog -LRB- being able to dial out -RRB- . The older phones have the capibility to ring and listen , but not communicating with the outside world . So , this phone gives you the best of both worlds . Looks like , sounds like , and works like , but it ai n't one ! But , who really cares ; this new generation that may see it , know nothing about WWII , much less a Princess phone . So , I say buy it ; make yourself happy ! It 's a great price with Amazon 's free shipping and their return policy if you are not happy . A Win-Win situation , how can you beat that ?
 Got this to replace a busted up Green AT & T classic from the 1970s at my sister 's summer place.It 's great.She loves it.Thing 's solid , loud if you want , and timeless in style.Many thanks to the folks who made this retro piece happen.You all made my girl happy.And that makes modBantam happy.Consumer confidence factor ? Warp 10 Captain !
 I was very happy to see that it looks as good in person as in the picture . It fits in perfect with my mid century modern style furniture . It actually completes the look of the room.I 've called long distance on it , and the quality of the phone itself is very good . I even love the sound of the ringer . lolFor me , it was a great order .
 I 've been looking for this phone for a while now , and have found several like the `` classic '' version , but this one is by far ... . the best ! Very happy with it , the only thing that I would be happy to see changed on it , is lit numbers - other than that , woot ! Love it . As soon as I see the Aqua colored one up here from this seller - I 'm getting it !
 Awesome ... trip down memory lane ... Always wanted one but never got the chance to own one . Very well built even heavy like the originals .
 Love the look of the phone . It is so comfortable - I forgot how much more comfortable the old fashion phones were ! The only thing I wish it had is Caller ID . If it did , then it 'd be perfect and I 'd get a phone like this for my other bedrooms as well ! Aside from that , I love the phone !
 B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-L ! This is a very high quality product , it 's heavy enough to notice that it 's not made of a cheap material , looks absolutely great !
 I had been looking on line for a princess phone , so I found this one on Amazon and I really like the price , I was really surprise when I recieved it.The phone was heavy like the orginal wasnt or didnt feel like cheap plastic and I like the ringer , so im really happy with my phone .
 My wife wanted a phone other than black , white of cream . She really likes this one . It does have a bell ringer but she loves that also . Touchtone dial with a redial option by hitting the center white button.It reminds me of the phone my sister had while growing up . I got this a Christmas gift for my wofe and she likes it more than than the other gifts which cost more .
 I love it ! Wish it did light up , but it so adorable and I would purchase it again ... I recommend it !!!
 I bought this as a gift for my Mother and it is really cute in her bedroom ! The only slight problem is , the ringer is not very loud and she sometimes can not hear it if she is not right next to it . Other than that , great !
 I worried that this phone would be &#34; flimsy &#34; and it 's quite the opposite . It has substatial weight and if you remember and like the feel of a &#34; real &#34; phone , buy this . It 's fun and perfectly practical . But I do have one problem . My cat has since bitten into the coil -LRB- cord -RRB- which is attached permanently to the handset -- not with a jack . I have to call the manufacturer to see what I can do . So , if you have a hungry cat ...
 I was skeptical of ordering this online - however I was pleasantly surprised when I received the phone , it is great , it is a Real Phone , not these modern plastic faux chrome phones that have no personality . This phone has plenty of personality and the ring is also authentic . The only reason I did not rate this a 5 star is that I wish the dial had a light in it - that lights up at night - my original princess phone had that and I just loved that feature but all in all - you princesses out there will love it !!!
 Crosley Pink Princess Phone CR59 PLI guess the only good thing about getting older is that you can get those things you wanted so badly as a young girl but there was no extra money for such luxuries in our household . I would watch Patty Duke and the other young girls in the 60s on their phones on our black & white TV and wonder what it would be like to have one of my own . Our phone was a dial wall model in the kitchen.This phone is heavier than todays phones , more cumbersome , no extras , but oh is it beautiful . So here I am , a 50 + disabled women in a bedroom with roses , Victorian furniture and , yep , a pink princess phone . Patty Duke 's got nothing on me now !!
 I just wish it had the dial-pad backlight , like it 's original prdecessor . But it 's SOOOO nice to use a phone that actually has some heft and does n't feel like it was made by Fisher-Price .
 For the past 2 years , my wife has been after me to get her a Princess phone . After 2 years of not taking the hint , I finally broke down and ordered her a pink princess phone . I waited until the 13th of December to order the phone , with hopes that it would get here before Christmas . The estimated delivery date that I was sent was the 24th of December , just in the `` Nick '' of time . It actually came on the 20th , so I did n't have to sweat after all . After I gave it to my wife , I was worried that it would n't be what she wanted . Boy was I wrong . I guess she had wanted one of these for a long time , because she instantly plugged it up and started using it .
 Again , the same comments as with the blue version of this phone . I love it . The color is nice and it is comfortable to use . It appears to be well made and the small size allows it to fit anywhere.A fun bit of whimsy and nostalgia since I had a princess phone back in the ' 60 's !
 It looks so beautiful in my daughter 's pink room . The phone works great , and seems heavy and sturdy enough to last . I think this was a great price . I have seen it at much higher prices . I was very happy to find this at such a great price , as I was looking to buy this phone for years .
 I bought this for my Grandmother and it is exactly what she wanted . It is heavy and durable-a really well made phone . And there are a lot of cheapy , flimsy reproductions out there . Definately worth the money .
 Ever since I was a little girl with a `` play '' pink princess phone , I have wanted one ! When the phone in my bedroom went out and I just happened upon this one , I was ecstatic ! This was my chance to have a `` real '' princess phone ! I absolutely love it - pretty and functional ! All the Crosley products I have are so well made !
 It is a nice copy of the Princess Phone . It does not have the lighted dial nor are its edges as finely rounded as the original but , those days are gone so we make do with what 's left .
 THE LOOKS AND FEEL OF THIS PHONE ARE VERY GOOD . THE ONLY DOWN SIDE IS THAT THE RINGER VOLUME IS EXTREMELY LOW . YOU HAVE TO BE IN A SMALL QUIET ROOM TO HEAR IT .
 I agree with the other reviewer . Great look and feel , only mine has quite a loud ring .
 Very nice pen if you 're looking for a bold , felt tip pen . The product description says &#34; Bold point , &#34; however , after ordering one box and receiving a box of Fine point pens , returning them , and then receiving another box of Fine point pens , I opened the second shipment and realized that although the say Fine point , the pen lays down a nice , think line of ink - perhaps a little thicker than a PaperMate medium point felt tip pen . Just what I was looking for .
 Very chic retro phone with updated technology ... my teenage daughter loved it for her dorm room !
 I 've wanted this phone since 1963 ... parents would n't allow it -LRB- remember when the phone co. owned the phones & charged extra for each extension every month -RRB- ? By late 70 's these were hard to find . Now in mid-age I finally have it & it 's quality is great ! Very solid & well made . Nice detail is the rotary style touch tone dial . Original touch tone Princesses had awful looking square layout . Only regret is the lack of the night-light feature , so cool on the originals . I have a pink & a baby blue ; good things do come to those who wait , even after 43 years ! Thanks Crosley . Now if only I could convince my teenage daughters of how cool these cuties really are .
 ITS SO CUTE !!!! It works just like any other phone but its better looking then any old gray-silver phone .
 I was really surprised as to how heavy the phone was . It 's not too heavy but heavy enough not to fly off the table when using it . It 's as close to the original as you can get . The only things missing are the rotary dial -LRB- that 's half the fun ! -RRB- and the light-up dial . Oh well , I still enjoy it . The sound quality is great and I highly recommend this product .
 I have to say I love this phone . I wish more of the phones were made like this . The phone is heavy enough where you wo n't pull it off a table -LRB- like todays type of phone -RRB- The volume & ringer are truly loud enough that my elderly mother has no difficulty hearing anyone who calls . Order from the store not thru Amazon . They do n't let you know about when the item is to arrive until you already got it . And by that time the neighbors dog might have chewed it up . Which is what happened to me . So I had to replace it , but this time I ordered thru the online store and they made sure it was shipped with signature required . Hope this review was helpful .
 love the style of the phone . not sure the mechanism is that high-quality , but we live in a town with sketchy phone service so would n't want to unfairly paint the phone as low-quality when it could be our lines . specifically , it seems like there is a delay when you 're dialing . and i often feel like it might drop the call at any second . but everyone in our town complains of bad phone service.So tired of poor-quality , cordless phones . we love the old-style , land-line , corded phone in our kitchen .
 Wonderful size for childs a bedroom . My granddaughter loves the phone and the size of the phone for her age -LRB- 11 -RRB- is perfect . It fits very nice on the end table . Great buy for the money .
 I ordered this phone for a spare bedroom and was n't expecting a lot . However , I was PLEASANTLY surprised when it arrived . It 's a very heavy phone - not a cheap plastic imitation . It has a nice soft ring , and the reception is great - outgoing and incoming . In addition , I love the look and the blue color matches the `` beach themed '' room perfectly .
 Great phone . Nice and heavy . Ringer is loud and annoying as a ringer should be .
 My wife and i love this phone because of its color the wait and the fact that it goes with our bedroom colors
 This sorter is perfect size for my desk space by giving me more room on the desktop and putting all my files handy .
 A little pricey , but lived up to my hopes . A real space saver . The organizer slots could be narrower or mixed in width
 This desk tray combines two shelves with a file sorter above them , thus providing two types of organizers within a small footprint . After extensive web searching , this is the only product I found that addresses the need for two types of storage in a compact design .
 Although there was a problem with the product involved , the seller could not have been sweeter to deal with . She was above and beyond and I would deal with her again in a New York minute.Sometimes things happen ... but she made lemonade out of a lemony situation . Thanks ~
 After making the mistake of buying several old phones on eBay , we finally bought one of these . Love the heavy feel of the receiver , has a long , tangle-free cord , and a lovely sounding ringer . We quickly bought another one . Excellent price , too .
 Got this for Christmas for my phone collection . I collect Western Electric phones , mostly model 500s , and have quite a few of their various models ranging from the early 50 's to the end of their production in the 80 's . This Crosley replica really surprised and impressed me with how well made it is , how heavy the phone body and handset are , and the overall faithfulness of the design to the originals . Even the handset cord is a nice touch , a thick round hardwired cord instead of a thin flat modular one , and the handset itself is about the right weight and even imitates the lines of the original removable handset caps . It works well , has good sound quality , and all the modern features that people like such as last number redial and line flash capability , as well as being a touch tone dial with * and # keys.A couple of quibbles , the holes on the microphone cap ought to all be drilled through instead of only one . The cord to the wall jack is just a cheap flat black modular one and would have looked a lot nicer if it also had been a fat round cord in matching colors . The screw holes on the handset ought to have matching colored plugs in them so as to hide them better.I do n't know how long this phone will hold up , will it last for decades like the Western Electric originals or be dead in a few years ? But it certainly is a nice looking and seemingly well made modern phone that will give you the vintage phone look with modern conveniences .
 I was so grateful to find this telephone from yesteryear . I like the look of a rotary dialer , when it is in fact separate buttons . I wanted it in black , but it was n't available . Other things I like , are the ability to pick the phone up and move it closer , the heavy , secure feel of the receiver , and the old fashioned ringer , which beats these high pitched , irritating modern telephone ringers . I can also turn the ringer off when I do n't want to be disturbed . I give this product 5 stars !
 i was looking for a front desk phone for my hair salon . i was tired of the phone disappearing so a corded phone was my only choice . The phone is perfect in all ways except for one , which is really no `` fault '' of the phone . I had wanted something a little more vintage looking but all of those phones ' reviews seemed to point in the direction of lesser quality either of service or material . This phone is substantial . It has some weight to it , which I love . The quality of sound and the quality of materials are good . It actually does attract some attention from my customers which is what I was seeking with a more vintage phone .
 The phone is exactly as presented . It 's weighty and has a nice solid ring . Delivery was prompt . Customer service was excellent .
 I like Retro stuff , so this is right up my alley . This phone is very pleasant-looking -- it 's actually off-white -- and has a nice -LRB- retro -RRB- ring . A nice piece of furniture in its own right . I recommend it .
 There are times , like when being kept on hold for fifteen minutes and it starts chirping because the battery is low , or when it 's ringing but you ca n't find it , that the cordless phone need a backup plan . That 's why I bought this good , heavy-weight , old fashioned phone , so I can switch to it when necessary . It does n't store phone numbers , or have talking caller ID , and ca n't be taken too far away , so I still depend on my cordless phone for these features . I highly recommend having this old fashioned phone as a backup plan . It also add a touch of nostalgia to the room and charms my six year old grandson when he visits . Note
 I needed a phone my 95 year old aunt could use . This was perfect . Even easier for her than her old rotary and nice and heavy so it stayed on her table .
 We 've had many vintage look phones over the years , but this is by far the best yet . Excellent quality , clear sound both sending and receiving . This is a strong , heavy duty phone , that looks gorgeous and becomes a classic design element in the room . I love the feel of that good old heavy , substantial receiver .
 I received the phone in perfect condition . I have two cordless phones -LRB- one in the kitchen and one in my home office -RRB- , but keep forgetting to recharge them before I retire for the night . This phone is a great addition to my nightstand and I do n't have to worry about it being charged . It just plugs into a phone jack .
 I love this classic phone . The bad reviews are just because they are n't using it correctly . Mine works like a charm . I bought this phone because I wanted a quality rotery dial phone , and that 's what I got ! : -RRB-
 This seems like a very good quality item with a strong magnet.However , I discovered that this will not fit either my Honda or Toyota key because they are too long for the box.The actual inside dimensions are 1-15/16 '' x 1-3/4 '' x 3/8 ''
 I am very satisfied with this key hider . It is padded to reduce rattling and has a small elastic strap that holds the key in place . It has a pretty strong magnet on the back , which surprised me . It also comes with a magnet with a sticky backing so you can use it on non-metal surfaces too . I would recommend this to everyone ! Great product , great durability , another great product by GE !
 I only scored it 4/5 because it is not large enough for a key with wireless access buttons and because it does not have an o-ring so I do n't expect it to be very water resistant . I really like the elastic key holder and the foam interior ! They provide a solid hold so there 's no rattling and the elastic ensures your key wo n't go flying in the darkwhen your hands are too cold to open the box properly .
 Was leary of the magnet strength but it is holding well . Bumps and all and it stays in place . More concerned about the latch cover holding tight ... another use for duct tape .
 This is a really nice little box for hiding keys.The magnet is very strong and the foam keeps rattles from occurring.Recommended !!
 Compared to the other options that are out there . . this has the rare earth magnet stuff . . and that was exactly what i was looking for . . it has n't moved an inch since i purchased it ... and i drive up the wild canadian wilderness road each odd week for fishing trips ... everything bounces around on those roads , but this key holder has ever moved ... and i gave it a real try ... i really tried to make it move ... so i put it on my 4 wheeler . . and went nuts on that thing ... and again NOPE it did n't move ... it 's been my thing to try to move it ... so my cousin asked to try it on his snow mobile ... and again . . that magnet is crazy strong ... so folks , it 's been tested . . this magnet will keep your keys where you put them ... if your just doing city driving than no worries . . we did wild mountain snow testing ... and also have the most rain in all of the west coast , and it 's never moved ... so ... you decide . It stays closed ... and in place .
 As another person stated , be sure to check the measurements on your key . I thought for sure it would fit my car key , however , I had to put it in at an angel and it barely closed . That is my fault though for not measuring.I bought this after I locked ALL of my keys in the car , including my house key which is where I had my other car key . I now keep my car remote in my purse and the extra car key store in this case . I hid it in a place I could still locate it without crawling under the car . It stuck really well and so far I have not had any issues . I like the fact that it blended in with the part I paced it at . Good idea for the absent minded people , like me.I noticed someone say it was good for small vehicle cars . My car is a small car and the key did not fit properly . I do n't think it is the size of your car but the make .
 After I had locked myself out of my car twice and spent a pretty penny to have a locksmith bail me out , I decided to buy one of these bad boys . So far , it 's been great . I drove across the country a few months ago and the little case is hanging tight under my car .
 Place under your car and it will hold for ever ! Rain , bumps , no problem . I placed it under my vehicle that I drive everyday 2 years ago and forgot about it . The other day , locked myself out of my apartment , looked under my car and it was still there !!!!
 The design should be changed as i feel that with some use the device can easily open . Also , there is one band that holds the key in incase it opens . They should have just added two bands.Overall the magnet is strong . The box is small so good luck fitting keys -LRB- i have a copy of my key shaved down to fit -RRB- . Overall I like this device over the others that are available in the market , i just wish they would make it a little bigger , add another band , and change the way it closes to a more secure method .
 This little thing holds my '99 Ford truck key as well as a small key for the bed topper . It 's sturdy , waterproof , and holds very fast to the metal of the truck with a magnet . If you 're looking to attach it to a plastic/fiberglass/polymer bumper it comes with a small metal plate that you can adhere to the car and then attach the case to . I 've had it for 5 months , driven 5000 miles up mountain , over deserts , through fields and it has n't so much as shifted an inch nor popped open . Even if it did pop open a little , the keys are held in place by a elastic band . I 've used it twice to get into the truck when I 've misplaced my key and I can imagine it 'll come in handy if I ever need to leave the truck someplace for a friend to pick up .
 This is a great device . Before I bought this , I worried about the strength of the magnet . Let me tell you -- you have nothing to worry about . This is one of the strongest magnet I have ever used . You will not having a problem trying to find where to place this device on your car nor will you have to worry about it falling off while you are driving .
 Bought this to go under my truck because I 'm bad about locking my keys in my vehicle . I placed my spare key inside this padded box and it barely fit . I definitely would pick a bigger box if you have keys that have electronics inside them because they will probably be too fat and too long for this one . Luckily I have a key that only opens the doors that fits this nicely.The magnet is very strong and I 'm not worried about it coming off at all . As long as it is on a flat surface it should n't be a problem . The only thing that I did n't like about this box is the latch . I 'm afraid it would pop open when crossing speed bumps and stuff so I took some tape and wrapped it around it a couple times then cut out a hole for the magnet . No worries now .
 After reading other reviews I bought two of these . These are excellent products . Do n't buy the two dollar ones that might fall off .
 This box is made of plastic and has a very strong magnate and an optional metal plate that can be mounted so that the magnate can be attached . Seems to be well made for the price .
 why buy this ? so you do n't have to call AAA and pay the fee for exhausting your complimentary AAA car unlocking service ... again .
 I was laying our new deck and needed some string with some color that would not be hard to see . This worked perfect . TY
 It holds pens , pencils and styluses . It has a pocket on the reverse side . It fits my Day-Timer . Its sturdy . Not a lot more to say about it .
 I have not had a highlighter I could use -LRB- since I feel / severe brain injury -RRB- in just about 5 years .
 The matte finish gives this classic Waterman a contemporary look - also a very comfortable feel . Waterman stands behind their lifetime guarantee too ! I recently shipped a 20 year old Waterman to the factory for repair - it was returned looking as it did when I originally purchased it and I was only charged for the shipping . What a guarantee !
 I love this pen , and I was able to find it on Amazon at a fantastic price -LRB- a third of what Macy 's was asking for the same pen -RRB- . There is nothing second class about this pen . It is big and heavy and feels fantastic in your hand . It is very well ballanced . The details are very well done and the ink cartridge writes smoothly and consistantly . I also have 2 Mont Blanc Meisterstucks and this Waterman Expert is slightly bigger and seems to me to be much better made . I feel like the plastic parts of the MB 's are fragile and prone to breakage . Everything in this Waterman is reinforced and solid . The MB 's are nice , and iconic but for the money this Waterman is hands down the better buy ... I liked this pen so much that I got the same one in the black lacquer finnish with the gold trim . They are both awesome . The lacquer finnish with the gold tome is more of a classic , professional look while the chrome tone matte finnish is modern and clean . I highly recomend both !
 This pen proved to be a very nice gift for my businessman husband . He loves it & requested refills right away so he could always use it & not run out of ink . He said that it wrote better than his expensive cross pen . This pleases me to find a gift that he really likes . I am so glad for Amazon reviews that guided me in this endeavor !
 The pen is exactly what I wanted . It is great quality and I got a great deal on it . Its exactly as they described it . It 's a rollerball , which creates darker ink and does tend to bleed more than ball point pen . It is a pretty thick pen , which I like because of the way it feels in my hand .
 As I did not use this product , it is difficult to rate it ; however , the reason I bought it is because of the Waterman name and I am assuming that it will meet and/or exceed expectiations
 We had to return the pen since by accident we bought two -LRB- no problems with the pen -RRB- and the return service was excellent
 I want to thank amazon and the french company for the good service . I 'm very happy for this product and My father is happy too for his gift . Even if it was shipped from Paris , I have received my order on time . I strongly recommend this product !
 I 've been using this item for the last four years . The rectractible tip is awesome . My first one lasted two years of daily use by me and my students . It 's an essential tool . The width is perfect for my grade book , and you do n't have to wait for the tape to dry like correction pens .
 I got this pen for my boss for Christmas . It seems like a very nice pen . It writes smoothly and appears to be made of heavy , high quality materials . It has a professional appearance . The wider barrell and appearance of this pen make it a nice choice for the professional business man .
 This pen is very nice . It is not the same as a Mont Blanc , but it is stylish and comfortable , and significantly less expensive . I bought one as a gift , and the recipient loves it .
 Classy , contemporary pen ! Great gift , great price for the quality ! Looking for a gift for a young man graduating from law school ... perfect !
 One of the best pens I own . It has a weight and smooth feel that makes you want to use it .
 Very nice . This item is a Xmas gift for a family member and he loves it !!! Retails for more than $ 100 plus ! I would highly recommend to get the pen laser engraved to personalize it for that extra touch : -RRB-
 Great transictionWaterman Expert Black Matte Ballpoint Pen - 75350 meet my expectations . this is one of the best sictrantion I have had .
 Nice price for a great pen . It is a nice looking pen that came in the Waterman box that everyone was asking about . I would purchase from this seller again and thru Amazon . The person I bought it for was really impressed with it and liked it .
 Original shipment was lost in the post or taken from my doorway , and they were nice enough to replace it quickly . Pen is great , and so was the price . I had one in black enamel , but the clip broke off , so this is a replacement . Would n't have replaced it if did n't love the pen as a writing instrument . Nicest people to deal with at the Pen Seller !
 Having had two cordless phones that crackled , I bought the no-frills version of this Panasonic model . I am not a user of advanced dialling features , but so far I have found it to be clear for the whole range of my apartment -- about 50 feet max distance with thin sheetrock walls in-between . It feels solid and well-finished , and has n't yet picked up conversations from other devices in neighboring apartments . I would recommend it for anybody who 's looking for a high-quality , no-frills cordless .
 This phone really raises the bar & is a terrific value . Consumer Reports says it is basically the same as the highly rated 2593 -LRB- except for the 2 lines vs. 1 & the lack of a built in answering machine -RRB- and I can certainly see why . I 'm amazed by all these negative reviews - these people must work for a competitor of Panasonic -LRB- we all know how easy it is to write a review here -RRB- . Anyway , highly recommended !
 Having owned a previous Panasonic Gigarange phone -LRB- KX-TG2550S -RRB- and being extraordinarily satisfied , I purchased this one to replace another phone in my household that was in need of replacement.Feature for feature , both phones seem similar . However , Panasonic has improved some very critical areas . The handset has been redesigned for more comfort during long usage , a great benefit since the older model would become uncomfortable during extended periods . Also , the redesigned shell of both the handset and the base provide both a much more contemporary look as well as providing an easier grip on both . The older model 's sleek design is a little slippery , although the rubber grips helped.The user interface is similar to the previous models ' , and while it 's not too difficult , expect a learning curve before you get the hang of it . Another area where Panasonic has improved the phone is the connection between the base unit and the handset when the handset is in the cradle . The older model would occasionally have difficulty finding the connection . With the new model , this seems to also have been improved.For those who have n't owned one of these phones , I understand all this comparison may seem a little confusing . However , this phone is reliable , convenient , powerful , and crystal clear . It 's an excellent purchase and a definate improvement over last years ' Gigarange models , which were superior phones . I have owned a pair of GE cordlesses and a Sony cordless before that , and none could compare to the Panasonic Gigarange . I do n't have any first hand experience with any other models since , but this phone is an excellent phone , worthy of consideration.And plus , it just looks so much cooler than anything else on the market . You have to give it that .
 I returned four other phones , that I recently purchased , for this one ! The quality of the phone sound is the best !!! I like having the speaker phone , and use it when dialing , then `` pick up '' using the hand set if someone answers . Lots of other great features . I currently use this phone with an external answering machine . If my machine ever goes bad , this phone has a voice mail light , that I can use if I purchase voice mail service with my local phone company . I was not happy with the panasonic phone/answering machines . I returned the 2583 and 2670N as their answering machine , when playing back messages -- in between messages -- would give this annoying `` grown sound ?
 Ive had this phone 3 weeks now , and its been working like a dream . Its so clear , and it feels nice in my hands . Ive dropped it a couple of times , and nothign has happened . THe shock-resistent part is not a lie . This is the most durable panasonic phone ive ever owned . My last phone was the Gigarange Elite , and that broke within 3 months . I know panasonic phones normally decline with time , but i think this one is going to last . I also bought `` Plantronics Headset M175 for Mobile & Cordless Phones '' . NO MORE NECK CRAMPS . All in all , i recommend this phone . Go get it !
 Best , most reliable speakerphone we 've ever had , rugged , outstanding sound quality , easy to use , please make more of these phones that are splash resistant and reliable with crystal clear sound1 !!! If Panasonic wishes to increase marketshare , or any other company , it should realize that people want to find the best brand and stick with it , and that this is of utmost importance to future bottomline than to have a reputation for having only junk like all the rest after this point .
 I was very surprised to see ony two stars for this phone . I have had one for over two years and this phone has been a good solid performer . I am a self-proclaimed gadget freak and have tried many different cordless phone brands . I think that Panasonic and Sony make the best phone and I think that Panasonic , while the cheaper of the two generally makes better equipment . With two small kids ours has been dropped and moved multiple times and has never given us trouble . It has provided better clarity than my more expensive Sony phones as well . I will admit that the features that are jammed into this phone are a bit over the top but this is a very useful phone . In fact , I 'm on the site to purchase one for my mom . Happy Holiday !
 I have one of these and I can go half way down the block and still hear great . great features . Best phone I have . So good I own 3 of this model . This should be 5 + stars
 I have used this phone for one month . I love this phone.What I like :1 . Very clear voice quality . My friends said they ca n't tell the difference from my cord phone when I called them with the handset . The speakphone works very well . My friend said he did n't notice I changed to use the speakphone to talk to him .2 . Good range ! I can walk around the aptment and talk with the handset , when the door and the windows are closed .3 . Easy setup ! I only read the manual when I need it . Normally I just follow the commomsence to set up the phone .4 . Reasonable keyboard design . Compared with my old VTech cordless phone , I like my new Panasonic 's design . The `` Talk '' key is located in the left side of the phone , so that my face wo n't accidently pressed the `` Talk '' key and end the phone call , which had been happened several times with my old VTech cordless phone .5 . Ok battery life . The battery can be full recharged in 6 hours . I Can talk for 6 hours with a full charge .6 . Easy retrieve the voice mail.What I do n't like :1 . Do n't have speed dial key in the handset .2 . Even I answered the phone , the Caller ID signal was keep on flashing . I must check the caller log to stop the flashing .3 .
 I love this phone . It saves me so much time . I use the Plantronics -LRB- over the head type -RRB- headset with it . Then I carry the phone in a jacket pocket , or clip it on my belt , and I can do my housework -LRB- yuck -RRB- while on those long phone calls with my mom -LRB- fun -RRB- . Combining `` yuck '' and `` fun '' makes the housework so much more palatable . On the practical side this multitasking makes better use of my time.I tried another cordless phone first , but it did n't work very well . It had a constant low level of static and there was always too much interference from the refrigerator ; every time the fridge came on the static was unbelievable . -LRB- That phone was returned . -RRB- Then I checked E-pinions and found out that most people loved their Panasonic phones , so I bought one . Now , the only time I have any interference is when too close to a computer in use or a microwave in use . The fridge , washer , dryer , television , etc. all no problem . A major plus when you like to do housework while on the phone.Now my mom wants one and I am so , so happy ! I have struggled for years -LRB- since 1998 -RRB- to hear her over the interference on her old cordless phone - she nicknamed it `` the funny phone '' it works so poorly . While I am here to order her one , I thought I should write a review because the only other reviewer said he hated this phone . I love mine.Besides the technical stuff , the white color is quite attractive in the kitchen . This is another plus that finally sold my mom on buying a decent phone . She will only buy white electronic devices . It sounds funny , and we joke about it , but I must admit that her home because of her color choice .
 I have owned this phone for over a year , and after replacing the original NiCd Panasonic battery with a GE 1300 mAh NiMH battery -LRB- TL965600187 -RRB- , the battery performance has been exceptional . The features of this phone are excellent and the performance has been great . However , recently we have been unable to use it at all due to large amounts of 2.4 GHz interference in our home . Beware of too many wireless devices in your area . The 2.4 GHz spectrum is the wild west . Other than that , this phone is great !!
 I recently bought this phone . I really like the phone so far . It is great to retrieve voicemail , it even stores your password to make it simple . It stores 50 names and numbers which make using the address book a pleasure . The clarity so far are very good and the speakerphone is awesome . The only two improvements I can think of is one
 When I first recieved this phone , I was a little leary about the 2.4 GHz and the hormonic distorion in buildings that use iron material as a structure . To my suprising , this phone works exceptionly well . I live in a dorm room and it is crystal clear in and around the dorm . I can probably even go into another dorm and have no problem -LRB- Have n't tried the range yet ! -RRB- . Overall , I think this phone was build well for a consumer looking for quality . I find the menues easy to follow and only had to look at the manual briefly but other than that , it is all self-explantory . Panasonic makes some quality phones . People in my dorm have other 2.4 GHz brand phones and they were suprised my can even go outside of my room ! -LRB- I think the diversity antenna and the Digital Spread Spectrum systems helps out alot -RRB- . Overall , I am pleased and could not ask much more but of course a lower price !
 Phone has great range . For some reason its hard to find a cordless that has a MUTE , whats up with that ? Also , on the handset there is no real ` hold ' button either . I have found that you can press ` intercom ' on the handset , which will send the caller to the base . If no one picks up the base , it places the caller on ` base hold ' . You can then press talk on the handset and take the caller back when your ready . WHY NO MUTE ? The two 900MHz Sony phones I had were the same way ???
 I have one of these and I can go half way down the block and still hear great . great features . Best phone I have . So good I own 3 of this model . This should be 5 + stars
 Buy it you will not regret it
 This tape has some special characteristics no other tape quite matches . It is essentially an artist 's tape and one can easily write on it using a variety of pens . The adhesive holds it firmly in place , yet it can be removed -LRB- for example
 It is not easy to find a reputable dealer for this kind of product , regardless of how simple it is . Amazon should know - they had to cancel a previous order from a different seller . So , it 's great that Amazon had this seller 's shingle out there , and fantastic that they 're nearby . We will need to use them again !
 I have had my 1743 about 2 weeks now.I am confused by some of the bad reviews.I have had none of the problems that some of the other people have reported.The sound is loud enough on the handset as well as the 2 speakerphones.I have n't heard any stactic or noticed drop-outs . The phone has not disconnected anyone.Everyone has told me that I am coming through loud and clear on their end.The battery has not needed recharging yet so I 'm wondering if these people got the same phone I did , or did they all get defective models?I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for alot of good features at a good price.The phone I bought was on clearance and I paid only seventy dollars for it .
 So far this phone has been good . The only problem I found , which is beyond me as to why Panasonic messed up on this one , is when you have to hang the phone onto a wall mount jack . The top screwhole is built into the phone , and theres a wall phone adapter that pops in on the bottom of the phone thats for the bottom screw on a wall plate.The problem is that the top screwhole , the one thats built in with the plastic mold of the phone , is not thin enough for a wall mount jack screw . What I mean is , you have to pry the top screw of your wall jack out about 1/8inch out so that this phone will hang on it . For most folks , its a pain to hang a phone onto a wall jack , matching up the screw holes and sliding the phone into them . With this one , you 'll never do it . I almost broke mine trying.Considering that most of America has that standard telephone company issued silver wall plate , which is standardized to the old Bell System specs , this phone will not fit over the top screwunless you pry it with a screwdriver . It might work with one of those Radio Shack wall jacks , Im not sure.In case your wondering , I am in the phone wiring business so i had the oppurtunity to make sure it just wasnt my wall plate -LRB- although my other wall phones had no problems -RRB- and I got the same result with 2 more brand new wall plates . I would consider this a pretty big screwup.Other than that , if youre using this as a desktop , its a pretty good phone
 Four and a half stars really.We just bought this phone to replace an old Panasonic on which the answering machine is dying . The Caller ID is backlit and lights up the apppropriate caller when playing that person 's message . Very easy phone to program , and we are not techy at all!You can dial from either the base or the handset , the handset will charge when placed either face up or down on the cradle . Speaker phone and locator both work well.Can ' t really find a flaw with this phone , unless you are real picky about the sound quality on the answering machine . The sound is not the best , but you can kick up the volume on the playback , and slow down the playback too .
 I have had this phone for approximately 2 months and so far I like it . I love the backlit numbers , so you can call in the dark . The caller ID is big and very plain to read when you get an incoming call . The answering machine is good , too . I have two gripes about the phone -LRB- nothing major -RRB- . It does n't really have the range distance that I hoped for and OCCASIONALLY when I am calling my own home from somewhere else , I ca n't hear my husband very well if he is using the Panasonic . However , I have never had anyone tell me that they could n't hear me when I am using it . So , overall I would recommend this phone .
 I too , spent a lot of time researching phones and choose this one . My last 2.4 was unusable with the microwave , so I definietly wanted a 900 MHz . It 's a nice phone , the only problem is the volume control for the handset . The minimum is barely audible and the max . is what I would consider a min on any other phone . With the speakerphone on either the handset or the base unit , the volume has a great range , but through the normal earpiece , its a little too quiet . I should mention we have 2 young children and a loud dog , so volume control is a requirement . Other that this 1 issue , it seemed like a great phone , packed with features .
 After checking out many other phones -LRB- Vtech , Uniden , Sony , Memorex -RRB- and returning them all for various reasons , I found this gem of a phone ... Everything about this phone is first class . Handset feels great , solid construction , fun to use , adequate volume , clear speakerphones -LRB- base and handset -RRB- . Unlike many of the other phones I tried this one has adequate volume on the handset . It also has clear reception which is free from echo and interference . The speakersphones are simply the best for this price ... they are quite clear and have plenty of volume . The phone feels solid and is one of the more comfortable phones to talk on . Battery power is also top notch -LRB- 6 hrs continuous talk time and 14 day standby -RRB- . Battery power bar is displayed on the handset which tells you when is the best time to replace the handset on the base unit for charging . This phone also has a very good answering machine , unlike many of the other digital answering systems which in many cases made the incoming messages and your own personal greeting impossible to discern.This phone seems to have all the features . For instance , a seperate caller ID button on the base flashes when you have any new calls , even calls that did not leave a message on the answering machine . After you have checked the Caller ID list it places a check mark next to each number indicating that you , or someone else , has checked the incoming call after which the blinking CID light on the base unit turns off . Handset and base units can have their ringers shut down or put on low . Another thing I like about this phone is that the handset lies down on an angle in the base unit . Alot of the newer phones only allow for an upright placement of the handset in the base unit . This becomes a problem if you have small inquisitive children who seem attracted to the upright standing phones . Additionally , a small bump to the table causes the handet to tumble off the base unit . The Panasonic 1743 keep the phone where it belongs , on a slight incline lying securely down in the base unit.The only minor knock I have on this phone is that the Caller ID lists incoming calls from the same area code as having a 1 - ### before the number requiring editing of the number before calling it back directly from the listing . However , Panasonic makes editing this a simple matter by two quick presses of the handset curser.One important thing about this 900 MHz phone is that it is digital . Many people do n't realize that most of the 900 Mhz phones on the market today are analog phones . The primary benefit of digital is that it reduces or eliminates interference while also keeping your conversations difficult or impossible to monitor by your nosy neighbors who just might have a scanner at their disposal . -LRB- Note
 I have looked and looked for the perfect cordless phone and this is the best I have found . One of my criteria is a speakerphone in the handset . So useful for being on hold and listening to voicemail . This phone has
 On the whole , I 'm happy with this phone , especially given the very mixed reviews of all cordless phone/answering machine combinations . -LRB- They all seem to be hit-and-miss , which argues for buying a standalone answering machine . -RRB- But I 've had good luck with this one . I 've had the phone for several months without significant problems . Once in a great while the handset does n't connect to the base when you press `` talk '' to receive an incoming call , in which case the answering machine picks up . Once in a great while there are clicks while you 're talking , obliterating small portions of your conversation . But it has never disconnected my call or had its battery die . Voice quality on the digital answering machine is not crystal clear , but it 's acceptably audible . And contrary to another review here , this phone can be hung on a wall plate . Mine is . It sticks out a bit , but does n't fall.Things I like about this unit :1 -RRB- When you pick up the handset from the base , you do n't have to press a button to answer the call .2 -RRB- You can precisely set the volume and the number of rings before the answering machine picks up .3 -RRB- If the answering machine picks up before you do , you can interrupt it simply by pressing `` talk '' or picking up the handset from the base .4 -RRB- It tells you exactly how many messages have been left , and blinks if you have n't listened to them yet . And there 's a time-date stamp .5 -RRB- You can dial a number `` off-line , '' read the number on the display to make sure it 's right , and THEN press talk to speed-dial it , or do it the traditional way -LRB- get your dial tone first , then dial -RRB- .6 -RRB- The speakerphone on the handset works very well . My 2-year-old twins can talk on it simultaneously .7 -RRB- There 's a plastic belt clip for the handset . Handy if you have infants .
 I was on the market of cordless phone and was debating between 2.4 ghz vs 900mhz . I went with 900mhz because it 's cheaper and preventing interference with my 2.4 ghz home network that it may cause . I do n't think there is a big difference in sound quality between 2.4 ghz vs 900mhz . As far as I 've been experienced , my kxtc-1743b is crisp and clear and works well around the block.The answering machine and caller ID work great . It does what you will expect with basic features , simple to use and set up.The speaker phone on the handset is convenience and great to have but it consumes more battery power.On the down side , there is no mute button , the volume on the handset shoud be louder at maximum setting , battery does not last long as advertised.Overall this is an excellent all-in-one phone . It does what you will basicly need most of the time . I highly recommend this phone if you just need basic features of a cordless phone , want it to take massages and be able to see caller ID . But if you need a sophisticated and advanced answering system , this is NOT the device to get . In my opinion , Panasonic makes BEST cordless phones . They are very reliable . You ca n't go wrong with this phone .
 I just bought this phone from Amazon , although I saw it at a large electronics retailer for the same price TODAY , so no special bargain here . I DO like all the features , the handset was easy to store all my #s in without even looking at the instruction booklet . > The speakerphone is convenient , and it gives good quality sound without clipping . It 's cool to have it on the handset as well as the base so you can make it portable too . I do n't subscribe to caller ID , so I ca n't tell you about that , but the call waiting beeps come in nice and clear . I hear the people I 'm calling quite well , but my mom complains that I am echoing on the handset , and the speaker too . She prefers I use my corded phone when I speak to her . Another friend who I put on speaker , wanted me to pick up the handset . There is popping and clicking if I leave the room with the reciever base . Also , just sitting in my living room , with the phone base on the other side of my house , I was talking to a friend and the phone was cutting out as we spoke to the point of having to end the conversation , even when NOT moving around . I do have solid steel construction , so maybe that has an effect , I do n't know . The handset is fine if I 'm in the room with the base . Of course , the idea of a cordless phone is NOT to have to stay in one room while talking . > All in all , I enjoy the features , and the ease of use . It 's fairly uncomplicated to figure out when you sit down and fool around with it for a bit . It looks nice too . I like to keep all my ringers off at night too , and this one has ringers on the handset , plus the base . One touch turns them on or off , the handset is slightly more complicated to shut , but still very simple . > The answering function has a pleasing non-staccato natural sounding male voice that will answer your calls if you do n't leave your own personalized greeting too , which is very easy to record , by the way . A lady living alone might like that this has a MALE voice that can be employed as a deterent against unsolicited phone harrasment , my last was female voiced . Worth mentioning I think . You program the time , day and date with the handpiece , and it enters everything on the base this way . You ca n't program from the base . > I think , for the features , this is a good phone for the money , -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Well , this is the 3rd cordless phone I 've tried in the past 3 weeks . I had an old KX-T4330 which we have had for about 11 years - worked great but just eventually died . We wanted a 900 Mhz -LRB- I did n't want any interference with my 2.4 Ghz wireless router -RRB- phone , with answering machine and caller id . I tried an AT&T 9371 -LRB- horrible sound quality - the worst -RRB- , a Uniden EXAI378 -LRB- ok sound quality , no speakerphone -RRB- , and the Panasonic KX-TC1743B . All were in the same price range . The AT&T and Uniden have both been returned . The KX-TC1743B has an amazing assortment of features for such a reasonably priced phone . One feature which I have found myself using again and again -LRB- and its one I was n't specifically looking for -RRB- is that the handset can function as a speakerphone . So if I 'm around the house , talking on the phone and need to have both hands free for a sec , I can put the handset on speakerphone mode and set it down as a mobile speakerphone ! The sound quality of the phone is very good -LRB- although , unfortunately , not quite as good as my old Panasonic ... but its close -RRB- . Nice build quality , easy setup.Given the advances in technology , I would n't spend a bunch of money on any cordless phone -LRB- too much obsolescence risk -RRB- - so anyone looking for a reasonably priced cordless phone should definitely take a look at this one . I very much recommend it !
 . I dislike buying cordless phones , especially with answering devices ; my experience shows that the majority have substandard quality . So I dreaded being in the market again . I spent much time researching features , and especially these user reviews . Still , this was my 3rd purchase attempt , having returned 2 other phones . But , this is a keeper . It has great features , as noted by others . But what really sets it apart , is that it works.I wo n't belabor the points made by others , the critical features for me :*-RRB- Will not interfere with 802.11 b or 802.11 g wireless networks . Beware of 5.8 Ghz phones , many occupy BOTH 5.8 Ghz and 2.4 Ghz . * -RRB- the Message quality is decent , not nearly as choppy-digital sounding as many other answering devices , which are very aggravatingly lousy ! It 's not as good as Bellsouth voicemail , but but you 'd expect more -LSB- for the monthly fee -RSB- . . * -RRB- Range and lack of static was far better than other phones I tried , even the 2.4 Ghz Bellsouth model I used . Features does not equal quality!The worst feature is that the the remote voice prompts do not prompt for all the features , such as deleting messages ! Also note , it is not a cute , mini belt-clip model . And the voice prompt voice is a little antiquated.Other very nice features are the dual speakerphone and dual keypad . 15 minutes recording time was the minimun acceptable . Most have this capacity , but some expensive models have only 10 minutes ! Another very nice feature is that you only need to pick up any extension , and recording stops . Many models keep on recording ! Another feature you might expect , but not get -LRB- ! -RRB- , is that the callerID is stored with the message , so is availablewhen checking messages from the remote . The unit also has nice little touches , such as more control over rings , and one-key deletes of the call history . It has a solid feel , like most Panasonics . I 'm not loyal to Panasonic , but I keep going back ; I have 3 other Panasonic phones , working great after , 15 + , 20 + and 8 + years!If you want to play it safe , and want the features described , save yourself some time and get this phone .
 I used a similar Panasonic phone before and absolutely loved it so I had little doubt in my mind about which brand to buy when I bought this one.Great things
 I 've been visiting epinions , amazon and other sites trying to find the skinny on a good cordless phone for a while . This one pretty much does it . Pros : - Good price , though only -LSB- $ -RSB- or so less than most Pan 2.4 Ghz phones - Very solid handset . Feels nice to use one that does n't feel too light or to small - Calls pretty darn clear - Very easy to set up - Better handset speakerphone than the VTech ones I 've usedCons : - DEFINITELY need one extra level of loudness on the handset . It 's nearly loud enough -- but when the other party on the phone is talking low , I wish I could blast it up another notch . - Maybe all digital answering machines are poor clarity , let 's just say this one is no exception - Very rarely , 1 out of 30 calls , I hear occasional clicking - Their customer support team knows NOTHING . No I 'm serious . They 're cluelessOverall I like this phone . Wish it had multiple mailboxes like the VTechs .
 I was having a very difficult time finding a cordless phone with an answering device . Practically every review of such phones that I read had its lovers and its haters . But since I have had good luck with Panasonic products in the past , I decided to take my chances with this one . I do n't regret my decision in the least . The worst that I can say about this machine is that it has far more features than I need .
 I 've owned this workhorse for over 5yrs . Though I 've put it the closet twice when I got `` better '' phones I keep coming back to this baby . It really stands up to some rough handling and it 's very easy to use .
 In reading the reviews I thought I 'd add my 2 cents since I 've owned this phone for * at least * 5 years now with no problems . I got online to try and help a friend find a new 900 mhz phone so it wo n't interfere with her wi-fi . I looked up my phone to check the reviews and it sounds like if you get a good one you love it , a bad one it 's not so good . My battery so far has been great though I 'll probably need a new one pretty soon as the 4 + hr cont . talk time is now down to about 2ish and I ca n't leave it off the cradle overnight anymore and hold a charge.However , I wonder if the problems are n't with the battery itself more than the phone . I say this because I also own another Panasonic cordless phone/answering machine and it has many of the same battery issues mentioned here . Overall though I 'd say I 'd buy this phone again in a heartbeat -- it 's easy to use , the speaker on the handset is wonderful , especially when you get stuck on hold , and the range/features make for a very nice package . I 've recommended this phone to others who love it as well .
 This is still a darn good phone and answering system.The sound quality has n't changed after several months of use.The answering machine is very reliable . I had to reprogramthe time date thingy and it is shockingly easy to do.The only weird thing , once in a while the phone will just lose its connection . It may happen when you are trying to answer it , too . This has happened 3 times over a few months . It just cuts out and has to be unplugged and plugged back in to reset it.But then it is fine . It is n't just my phone , either . A friend got the same one and says hers does it too . Otherwise it is very reliable and we are glad to have it .
 This model is being phased out -LRB- as are all the 900MHz phones -RRB- . Everyone is going to the 2.4 or 5.8 -- for greater distance.If you will be using this phone in your home or apartment or small office , you do NOT need a more powerful phone . Plus the newer 2.4 and 5.8 powered phones do not have clearer sounds -- just longer range . So if you really want long range -- get a cell phone instead.I bought this phone used/refurbished . It came with the original manual . I love this phone . Very clear sound . Period . Lots of -LRB- easy to use -RRB- programmable options
 -LRB- Orig review July 2003 -RRB- This is the only cordless phone I have ever used that was truly worth it 's price . The reason ? Well built . A very sturdy handset , solidly constructed , with just enough heft that it can be handled without having the occasional fumble because it was too light -LRB- maybe it 's just me -RRB- . I 've dropped it quite a few times , and I 'm sure it could take a couple of drops on concrete before it conked out . Another awesome feature is the dual speakerphones , I never thought I 'd use the handset one as much as I do , and the base speakerphone makes answering calls received when I 'm sleeping easier than nailing the snooze on my alarm clock , plus the mic 's pickup and clarity are stellar ... a speakerphone you can actually use without standing on top of it . Peace of mind comes with the digital signature deal . Everytime the phone is placed in the cradle , a new security code is programmed , essentially locking the phone with the base , and no one can have an extra handset next door and listen in on your conversations.Also , living in a rural area , lightning strikes usually take out my phones sometimes days after purchasing them . Remarkably , this sucker lasted three years before meeting it 's maker . I was so pleased with its performance I got the same model as a replacement , never even considering a newer model phone . Must buy !
 Having tried the entire fleet of smaller Panasonic cordless 2.4 Gig phones , I must say size does matter . The KXTC1743B is larger and more comfortable to use . The sound quality is excellent - even when using the speakerphone feature . I 've had no complaints , which is a rarity . The handset stays cool for those longer conversations unlike the smaller , more powerful 2.4 Gig models . The answering machine is simple to set up and use . The only drawback is the 900MHz signal is not as strong as the 2.4 GIG so when I 'm at the extreme end of my 10 acres property , the signal drops out . A small incomvience for such a handy , comfortable , cool phone .
 This is the best phone we 've ever owned . In the last year i 've thrown away 3 cordless phones who 's batteries did n't last or got horrible reception . I 'm buying a second one for our bedroom and i 'd buy a 3rd or 4th when i need them . The speakerphone is cool because you can switch back and forth just using the handset -LRB- most speakphones can only be used from the base -RRB- so my toddlers can talk to grandma on speakerphone from just the handset , since they never seem to get the phone positioned right on their ear ! The caller id holds more than enough numbers , the battery seems to last forever and i 've dropped it on our ceramic tile kitchen floor dozens of times without the slightest damage -LRB- i would n't recommend replicating my study though -RRB- You wo n't be sorry . I ca n't praise this phone enough !!
 I was really happy with this phone when I first got it . The reception was clear and you could walk all over without dropping the connection . It stores all your previous callers and you can choose to add them to the address book . The best part was the prerecorded answering machine voice . I chose not to change it because the voice was rather amusing . Friends would call and hang up because they thought they had the wrong number.I 've had it for a year now and I find that the reception is n't nearly as good as it was and the battery only seems to last a day or two . It 's still a decent phone though .
 The two most important features I was looking for was a speakerphone on the handset and a phone that used the 900MHZ frequency -LRB- so as not to intefere with my Linksys wireless network -RRB- . This phone met both criteria at an affordable price . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great phone . It has handset speakerphone , the most useful feature . Other important feature I rate high is keypad on base . It is annoying at times when handset is not accessible , one can not call from the base , for example , when the battery goes dead . This phone has full functionality on the base including keypad , speakerphone -LRB- except CID -RRB- . My only complaint is that I have to hold the handset close to my face so that the person on the other side can hear me .
 After eons of sifting through meager cordless phones ... tried the cheapy Uniden , tried the expensive Sony models ... when I found this Panasonic I knew my communication conquest was coming to a close . No more tape to get erased or worn out , no more battery problems , no more cheap handsets . Solid , extremely reliable , both base unit and handset have never had a problem despite my clumsy drops into the sink , off the balcony into the dirt , and sitting on my car dash in 100 degree heat . Heck , this phone should be rating me . -LRB- `` Yeah , I give him 1-star , he treats me like trash . Defenestrated me once in a drunken act . Always slamming me down and screaming into me . What , he thinks I ca n't hear ? '' -RRB- One of the best electronics purchases I 've made in years .
 This is a great phone . However , there is one feature about this Caller ID phone which is really annoying
 This is a good phone . i bought it half a year ago and i use it since . the bat life is good -LRB- i dont ' charge is for days sometimes and it has no problem -RRB- and it was droped more then once -LRB- and i 'm not talking only about the unit , but also the base - thank 's to my cat -RRB- and it takes it well . one issue about this phone is that it 's keys are a little hard to press.Good Thing
 Phone is so good lookin ' as well as functionable you might mistake it for 5.8 Gig . Go to the site below read reviews Amazon ranked sale item is in the 700 mark !!!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this phone 18 months ago and I have been using speaker phone all the time . I am verymuch satisfied with this phone 100 percent because of handset and base speakers . Wit all other features also including CID/C waiting , phone Sorage.Highly recommended peace . I have been used severel other phone which were costlyer than this . No one beat this KX-TC1743b . I love it .
 I would like to buy your phone . Can you send me the price and details of it . Can you send it to Belarus and how much does it cost postage ? Do you have the same model with Automatic determinant of number ?
 I have tried several 2.4 GHz phones from other vendors , but this one is the best I have found so far . It provides excellent range and sound quality . The only thing I do n't like is the short battery life . The talk-time is only around 4 hours and when in stand-by mode away from the base , the battery life is not much better . I usually need to recharge the battery every day . Other than that an excellent buy.P.S . The 900 Mhz Digital Spread Spectrum models are just as good , and cheaper ... did n't notice a difference in respect to range and sound quality .
 We 've owned the Panasonic KX-TG2553B 2.4 GHz DSS Cordless Phone with Caller ID -LRB- Black -RRB- for two years.The phone has just enough useful features to make it a good choice for home / small business equipment . It has Caller ID -LRB- you need to subscribe , of course -RRB- , redial , memory of calls received , a `` phone book directory '' for frequently called numbers , volume control , and the usual features . It also has some features I do n't use regularly and forget . One feature it also has and I use ALOT is the hanset finder . You press a button on the base and the handset actually beeps long enough to locate the handset . Some brands tend to beep 5 or 6 times and then stop.We have a phone company messaging service , so did n't want a phone / answering machine combination.Most phones on the market seem to have too FEW OR too MANY features . The Panasonic seemed to be as close to perfect in that regard as we could find.The base takes up little room on our bedroom chest of drawers . The base itself does n't ring so it is not a nuisance to put in the bedroom . The antenna on the base both pivot for better reception . After two years I can attest that the whole phone is quite durable . The handset has logically placed rubber `` bump '' pads -LRB- on edges and corners -RRB- to lessen damage from being droppedThe handset is small and convenient to carry around . But also tends to get misplaced -LRB- at least in our house -RRB- . The read out for incoming calls is backlit and in SOME low lighting situations , very hard to read . That could be somewhat caused by my eyesight , my wife does n't seem to have a problem . There is a toggle button to navigate through various functions and the menu is convenient and LOGICAL . The number buttons are lit when in use and easy to see and use . The `` redial '' button is very small , located near the bottom right of the face of the handset.The antenna on the handset is fixed and quite durable , but seems to have attracted attention as a chew toy from either our son -LRB- when he was of teething age -RRB- , or a pet.During the two years we 've used the phone , we 've noticed variable amounts of reception interference . But not any more than several other brands of cordless phones . We have owned and used the product at two different locations -LRB- homes -RRB- with lots of electronic equipment . The one that has caused the most reception problems has been a electronically controlled ceiling fan in the living room . We have to turn the fan off to use the phone or leave the room . I do suggest experimenting with placing the base in different locations for best reception . It has made a difference . It may speak well -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- of the Panasonic that it is still in use while the other brands are gone and been replaced.We still have the original battery pack in our phone a talk time has definitely decreased between recharging . The display holds any calls that have come in and makes the handset lights blink , which drains the battery quickly.There seems to be a personal preference factor with regards to size and weight of cordless phone handsets . My wife prefers the full size handset of another brand of cordless phone if she is to be on the phone for any length of time . I prefer the Panasonic compact headset . I 'd suggest checking out a few different phones and brands before purchasing.We checked quite a few brands a liked the Panasonic KX-TG2553B 2.4 GHz DSS Cordless Phone with Caller ID -LRB- Black -RRB- . After two years , I can say we are happy with our purchase.John Row
 I 've had this phone for about a year . It gets great reception out of the condo building and around the grounds while I 'm walking the dog . Built-in voicemail button works well with our telephone company 's voicemail service . Plus the user functions are easy to learn.I haven ' t had any of the paint flaking problems that the others have complained about in their review . Plus , I 've been able to leave the phone off the charger for up to two days with light talking . In addition , my puppy managed to get to the antennae and chew a bit on the plastic and the phone came through just fine .
 This phone has been great . We 've been using it for a year , with no problems . The middle keys -LRB- 4 , 5 , and 6 -RRB- seem to be unusually worn . But that is the only problem we 've had.This phone works great with the telephone company 's Message Center .
 After several inexpensive cordless phones went by the wayside , I went back to Panasonic , the one phone that has always lasted . I guess I wanted to try the cheaper phones to see if there was a difference , and the answer is a definitive yes!My favorite feature is the caller ID and message lights that lets me see someone has called without picking up the phone . -LRB- We have voicemail through the phone company , so previously we had to pick up the phone to know someone had called . -RRB- We have dropped it several times and have no problems to report . My husband and I both love this phone . This is my first time writing a review and the first product I have felt warranted my time . Past reviews helped me find this phone in the first place , so I figured it was time to give back !
 We have had several Panasonics and have always had good luck with them , so when our last phone died -LRB- not a Panasonic -RRB- we decided to upgrade to a 2.4 ghz phone . I do n't believe the reception is that much better than the 900 mhz phone in our area -LRB- we live in the mountains so reception is not always that great -RRB- , however , it does appear to make some difference in the quality . The options on it are great and it does work very well . A good choice if you are willing to spend the money . We certainly would buy another one if we needed to .
 I 've been using this phone for about a month now , and overall it 's pretty good.Pros
 I replaced my old Panasonic phone - exactly same model - and this one is even improved . The ringer sounds better - not as harsh sounding . I had my old phone for 7 years and it clunked out on me but for $ 50 + , that 's not a bad deal . I only use one of the 2 lines but if I ever wanted another line , my phone would be ready . I would buy this same exact model again . I turn the ringer off at night and back on in the morning and it is so easy to do . I am very happy with this phone .
 This telephone system was exactly want I need and wanted . It cost $ 10 more in the local Radio Shack and I had it with free shipping in less than 1 week
 Love it . Have another just like it and Panasonic suggested I go to Amazon to purchase this one since it is no longer a current model .
 This is an additional phone . We already had one upstairs . It 's not fancy , but does the job perfectly well .
 The Panasonic KX-TSC14W provides the basic functionality i require , which is 2 lines and speakers . Set up is straight forward . I found the display difficult to read especially when the phone is lying flat , which I assume is the primary position . On speaker mode I have been told that my voice is not being amplified as well as required .
 Typical Panasonic high build quality . Purchased for UK use and at present it is a little quiet , hope to rectify that in due course . Prompt delivery by Amazon as usual ! Keep up the good work.Peter .
 It 's true , it 's not perfect , but it does n't cost a fortune either . There is no mute button , but I use the speakerphone to listen until I get off the endless hold of banks , tech support , whatever . . so that is not a problem for me . I like that I can use my headset , the handset OR the speaker . The sound quality is good . I set Line 1 as my default line , and I HAVE dialtone on Line 1 when there is no power . I have had the phone unplugged for up to an hour an NOT lost my settings , so I do n't think that 's all that much of a problem either . Yes , you have to be able to use a menu to set the ringer volume , but once it 's set , I leave it , so again , no problem there . For me this phone was a good value for the money , and I am happy with it .
 Great phone for 2 line use in my home office , however lacks a MUTE button for conference calls .
 Having had a very negative experience with Panasonic 's 2.4 Ghz phone , I decided to go back to the 900Mhz model . I have another 900Mhz cordless from Panasonic that has given me great performance for 5 years , and this phone appears poised to provide the same level of performance.Key benefits : - Clear signal throughout my house and even outside 50-75 feet -LRB- to the mailbox and back ! -RRB- - Ability to turn on the speakerphone from the handset -LRB- which means you do n't have to walk back to the base unit to activate speaker -RRB- - Answering machine has plenty of recording time and -LRB- finally ! -RRB- does not cut people off mid-message - Clear digital display which is easy to read and faster in scrolling than the 2.4 GHz - Long talk time , without the handset getting too hot after a few minutes of use -LRB- another downside of the 2.4 GHz -RRB- Many people probably think that because 2.4 GHz is `` greater than '' 900MHz that it is a better phone/value . . in my experience this is not the case . Panasonic delivers a solid 900MHz product that provides great value for the money .
 My old 25ch Panasonic started acting up after 6-7 years of perpetual abuse , so I bought this as a replacement for both it and my old AT&T answering machine . I have n't activated caller ID yet , but I really like it.In a 14x70 mobile home loaded with two computers , two TV 's , two stereos , lots of flourescent lighting , a wireless X10 home control system , and a host of other noise sources , I get no noise at all . It still works well at my mailbox at least 100 ft away.Nearly half the messages left on my old answering machine were hang-ups . If you allowed the phone to even think about a 4th ring , the machine would pick up . This phone lets me change the answering machine to 5 rings , does n't seem to pick up until after the 5th ring , and lets me change the message length from three minutes to just one . Not only have 90 % of the hang-ups disappeared , my sister has gotten a clue and no longer rambles on for 3-5 minutes before getting to the point.I 'd give it 5 stars if I had anything similar to compare it to or if it would record more than 15 minutes of messages . It is my first 900 MHz cordless , and I 'm sure my next long backpacking trip or bike tour will exceed the maximum recording time .
 I have had this phone system for about 16 months and have never had a problem . Yes it is true there is no mute button but to be honest I think I have used such a button about 4 times in my life . Conference calling works great contrary to what the reviewer that never read the manual states . Just used it again today with the speakerphone on my wireless desktop version.Having a CORDED Wireless phone was the reason I originally wanted this phone . I did not want a wireless phone at my desk since I needed a speakerphone and hate when you accidentally hang up on people with a wireless phone cupped under your neck.I can pick up my desk set and walk into the kitchen as well when needed . I use the auto answer on only 1 line and when I am out it pages me immediately . Great feature that does not exist on our office phones at work -LRB- over $ 5000 Partner system from Lucent circa 2001 -RRB- . All in all they work great . I had to change one battery on the most used portable handset . After 16 months of every day usage , charge recharge , that seems normal.Make sure you protect the phone with a UPS system so a blackout does not leave you without a phone and you will always be happy.Enjoy and be careful when people knock a product so bad while others state it is great . It can not be that bad if some people love it . People sometimes are not so smart with electronics . .
 After much review of phone system options , I picked this unit -LRB- with 4 cordless handsets -RRB- for our small office . It was easy to set up -LRB- after careful review of the manual -RRB- , the voice quality is very good , all of the cordless handsets work , even through the several walls in our space , and the price for the reconditioned base unit -LRB- $ 250 -RRB- was great . I ca n't believe how much you get for so little money . The last system I bought five years ago was over ten times more money and did n't do much more than this system . We 're very please so far .
 I 've had and used this phone system for the last 4 years and love it . I see comments about no mute , but it has a hold button if you want to carry on a conversation and not have the person on the phone hear . The answering machine and voice mail on each of the phones works perfectly . Collecting messages is easy . When someone leaves a message I have different hand sets set to react differently . If someone goes to my personal extension to leave a message , the phone system pages me with the phone number of the person who called so I do n't even have to call my answering machine to get the phone number of who called -LRB- with caller id service enabled -RRB- . I have 8 hand sets and use them as intercoms as often as I use the phone for calling out and it 's great . During a power failure , the phone system continues to work for hours with careful use . I can set the extension in my bedroom to ring only when one of my 4 phone numbers is called , so I do n't get bothered at night except by my family . It 's not perfect ; I have some problems with my extensive home networking system and the extension at the farthest point from the base and after 4 years one of my hand sets is starting to act weird when it rings , like late ringing or no ringing . I 'm using this phone system with 2 standard phone lines and 2 VOIP phone lines . It was expensive and I hope it does n't give out on me because I 've never found another phone system that does all that this one does . I would n't give it up and do n't know what I 'd do without it .
 I run a busy , but small law firm . I purchased this system after carefully researching many alternatives . It was a more cost efficient option by at least 60 percent over the next best system . Cost efficiency is worth nothing if the system is not reliable . In fifteen months of operation we have had one telephone that needed replacement , and one two hour glitch in the main desk set which the Panasonic techs worked us through.Individual voice mail and paging is standard with this system . The paging is a great feature as I can be anywhere and a voice mail left on my unit is sent to me as a page . I can return the call within thirty seconds , no matter where I am . In the setting of a law practice I can not overemphasize the importance of quickly returning certain calls from clients , courts , or opposing counsel.For offices with up to eight employees , this is a very impressive telephone system .
 I used to sell small phone systems , and although this does not compare to the $ 3500 base line systems I used to sell , guess what ? It 's wireless for one thing , AND it 's not $ 3500 . A lot of the criticism is justified in the reviews I just read , but from a different perspective , all I can say is you get what you pay for , and although a home or small business user may think that $ 500 is a lot of money for a base station phone and extra wireless phone , and $ 150 per station for addt handsets , the reality is that 's less than half the cost of your standard telephone system out there . Bottom line this is a good off the shelf system , is it perfect ? Not by any means , I wish I could configure the voice mail to have trees and multi boxes not tied to a particular extension , I wish the batteries were lithium or something , I wish a lot of things , but we used to charge $ 500 for an ANALOG cordless phone to tie into a small biz phone system , and the wired sets were like $ 350 a piece , plus $ 100 to drop a cable to hook it up , not to mention the thousands spent on the KSU and VoiceMail . It works for me : -RRB-
 We have tried numerous different phone systems ... This phone has all the features we need and more . The intercom is great , the paging system is fantastic , the phones are all very durable -LRB- I hang mine on my back pocket-and it falls off every so often , but it works just fine anyway . The only single problem we have , is that we ca n't quite get the automated attendant work the way we want it-other than that , we feel we made a very wise choice !
 As a small business owner , I was looking for phone system features , without the product and service price tage that usually accompanies such a system.This system does the trick . The combination of auto-attendant for call routing , or the delayed answer Answering system gives you total control of your incoming call handling policies.One gap in the documentation is that you can use the Answering system precisely the same as the auto-attendant , but with answering delay of up to 7 rings . You simply record the auto-message to state `` For Bill press 1 # etc , or stay on the line to record a general message after the tone '' . Highly recommend the headset , as we have enjoyed long conference calls out side at the picnic table , taking full advantage of the cordless feature . Death to tangled phone cords .
 We have had this phone system with 4 remotes for 25 months without a problem . Has good range - anywhere on our 1 + acre property and in all rooms of our 3 story home . Bought this system instead of an intercom system for our new house - great when you want to have a quick chat with your spouse.Also have the doorbell buttons on front and side doors wired to ring one of the lines . With it you can speak with the person at either door from anywhere in the house . If you 've ever missed the mail man with a package because you could n't hear the doorbell , or were indisposed , well this is a great way to solve the problem.It also has a feature that can notify you if you have any voice messages . You can have it either notify a pager , or call another number . We have our system call my cellphone to let us know we have a voice message.We have had no problems with interference from/with our Wireless Network setup , and we have the system connected not only to the doors , but also to a fax machine , an alarm system , computer modems , and DSL line -LRB- with splitter/filter in the NID -RRB- . All 4 lines work with out interfering with each other.Why not 5 stars ? 1 -RRB- I really do miss not having a Mute button , but we have a few older speakerphones we use in our home office areas . 2 -RRB- Picking up a call that was answered on a different extension phone requires a transfer , not just pickup and say hello . 3 -RRB- Wish the messaging system would label which line the call came in on .
 We use this system with 2 cordless handsets and 4 corded handsets in a small law firm and it works perfectly . We have been using it for 2 years and have had no problems with battery life , reception or any features.We even have a VoIP line tied into the system enabling us to have 2 land lines and 1 VoIp line on the same switchboard.Each extension can have its own voicemail or the main extension can control voicemail for the entire office . Just a flexible as an expensive Norstar or Meredien system without the need for phone wires everywhere or some huge contraption installed on your wall.I would recommend this 4 line answering system to any small business with a need for 8 or less extensions combined with cordless and corded handsets . Plus if you do n't want phone wires everywhere Panasonic expandable solutions are perfect .
 We have used this system for nearly four years - four lines and eight extensions -LRB- plus the base -RRB- . It has performed flawlessly - well nearly so - one extension phone was dropped into water and had to be replaced , and several of the rechargable batteries have had to be replaced . Not an uncommon or unreasonable amount of maintenance.I suspect that most of the complaints registered in other feedback could have been resolved had the user read the instruction book.Is the system perfect ? No , it could use a few improvements , but it 's so far above anything else on the market that it 's a no brainer . For a few hundred dollars you get a first class multi-line system with no wiring required to the eight extensions.I 'd buy this system again in a heartbeat .
 I have this system for our home , where my husband and I each run our own small businesses and also have the home phone -- we needed a system that could handle so many phone lines without having to have 3 separate phones at each location in our 3 story home . We have had the problems with the number 1 key like others have , but there is a company , Barclay Enterprises , -LSB- ... -RSB- , that will fix the handset with a lifetime warranty , so no need to completely replace . I found out the static on the handsets could be eliminated by giving the base unit sharp -LRB- but gentle -RRB- raps on the desktop until I got it to go away . So far , so good . I agree with others that we should not have to put up with this s __ t , but for the money , this is still a great system that works well for our needs for much less money than a true professional multi-line system .
 Great clarity , paging , multi line phone .
 This product works if you RTFM !!!!! Quit complaining about things that would cost you $ 2500 + if you had to buy a system from a phone installer . Again RTFM , it is not that hard .
 I ordered a base unit along with two cordless and love them . The base unit was relatively easy to set up and the clarity is wonderful ! I would recommend these phones to anyone .
 I 've been using this system in a busy office for five years now . True , there are some annoying flaws you should know before buying . . Among them
 After reading the reviews , I was concerned about the quality of the units . However , it was really the only game in town for my home office , since I like to use a wireless headset on the base unit and therefore need a regular `` corded '' base unit . That left the Siemens and the ATT unit . I just got rid of the Siemens , which was plagued with handset problems . The ATT unit I had heard bad things about . I was pleasantly surprised when I got the Panasonic . It worked great and all the handsets did too . However , after about three weeks , one handset -LRB- at the furthest reaches of my house -RRB- stopped connecting to the base until I walked a few feet into the next room , which was odd . The other thing that really bugs me is the lack of speed dial buttons . The base unit has eight buttons on the front which are used to page the -LRB- up to -RRB- eight handsets . I would much rather have eight speed dial buttons for my frequently called numbers . But other than that , I have had no other issues with this phone and seems to do everything pretty well .
 This system was extremely easy to set up . Initializing three additional cordless extensions was a snap . Am amazed at the ease of programming , especially with this entire system costing much less than the one it replaced . I 'm not sure if the Plantronics headsets that I got are going to work out , though.Just do n't seem to `` fit '' my ears . hmmmm . Maybe , it 's my ears?The extension phones and the main system arrived before the estimated date . About four days , if I recall correctly . Excellent product from Panasonic and service from Amazon.Thankyou .
 After having this system only a week , I am impressed . 6 years ago I spent $ 7,000 on a fancy system that was a nightmare to install and I had to pay someone to come out if I wanted to change anything . This system does everything that system could do and it is easy to set up .
 This 4-line phone was in great condition and worked just fine . Was a great price and saved me a lot of money .
 This phone works just fine , but the description states that it comes with a cordless handset , which it does not . If you order this , you will be sent the item without the handset , and on the order slip , it will state that the handset is not included . After repeat emails with the seller , and repeat notifications that their description is wrong , I was basically told that first , it was my fault for not reading it right , then it was Amazon 's fault for describing it wrong . They are cooperating with the refund , but they still insist that it is most definitely not their fault . The only reason I gave this 4 stars was because the actual phone was fine . As for this ordering experience , I give it a 2 .
 For the first time after 5 years I am shopping to replace a couple of extension units of this multiline phone system . Although I know this model was already replaced by a new model I needed to pay tribute for a phone system that has performed exceedingly well .
 I bought it for $ 499.99 six years ago for office use because it has 4-lines . Easy to use . That was six years ago , and it still works fine today !
 4 lines and 2.4 GHz are a great combination . And Panasonic implements this combo . well with their KXTG4000B . Connections are usually very clear . Both the base and the handsets seem durable and stylish.Despite the limitations and problem listed below , I heartily recommend this item . It does well what it 's supposed to do , and I consider the lists below to be fairly complete.Limitations : -LRB- 1 -RRB- If a colleague is on the phone , you ca n't join in on the conversation by just picking up that line . Rather , your colleague has to conference you in after hitting a series of buttons . This is by design for security purposes , but a limitation in my mind . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Setting up voicemail is quite complicated ... probably because there are so many combinations of options . -LRB- 3 -RRB- While on a call , you ca n't see Caller ID on the phone you are using . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Call lists are fairly easy to set up and great to access . Unfortunately , you ca n't share set-up lists between handsets or with the base unit.Problems : -LRB- 1 -RRB- One handset sometimes has worse connections than the others . And , it sometimes is n't recognized by the base unit at all .
 This Panasonic system is GREAT ! The features are abundant and very useful . I 'm not having the same problems as other people , and the `` problems '' they describe seem to happen because they have not thoroughly read the manual . Let this be a warning that the phone is not necessarily the ideal solution for a home or very small office . This phone is somewhat complicated because of all the ways to configure it , but if you 're willing to learn the mailbox system , line selection , and all the little extras that this phone touts , it will be a very useful tool . We happen to use it in a 1200 sq. ft. office with 6 people and multiple rooms , and it works quite well . The only problem we have is there is only 1 mailbox per phone . This is because the phones are bound to the mailbox . For example , if you have 4 people and only 2 phones , you only have 2 mailboxes plus the general delivery mailbox . This is my only real complaint with the phone - I wish it had as many mailboxes as we wanted .
 People seem to have strong feelings about this product . We thought long and hard about buyint it , due to the many negatiive reviews . We ultimately decided to try it , and we 've been using it as the phone system for our 6-person ad agency for about 6 months now.We run in auto-attendant mode , since we do n't have a dedicated person to answer the phone ... so we are using the system as a call-director and answering system . Here 's what we 've found : The system is no more or less complicated than other multi-line phone systems . The documentation is pretty good.The system lacks features we 'd like . -LRB- You 'll see lots of complaints in other reviews . -RRB- But it 's less than half the price of `` full feature '' systems , so we decided we could live with the shortcomings . Frankly , once we got used to it , we 've really come to like the system.We saw lots of complaints about handsets failing . We bought one more than we needed . Sure enough , one of our handsets stopped working . We called Panasonic and got through promptly . The customer service rep told me to try removing the battery , reseting the handset , and trying it again . He told me if that did n't work I would need to send it back.The fix did n't work , so I sent it back to the address he gave me -LRB- including my receipt and a letter explaining the problem -RRB- . I got a replacement in about 2 weeks.So yes , I think Panasonic has a quality problem with the handsets . That 's why I give the system 4 stars instead of 5 . But I ca n't complain at all about the service , which was professional and fast . Maybe Panasonic has added support staff since the previous reviews.I recommend this system for any small business that wants a reasonable feature set at a rock bottom price . Buy an extra extension , as we did , in case one fails ... you 'll still besaving a LOT of money over comparable systems .
 We purchased this product to avoid spending hundreds more on a high-end phone system . So far everything has worked perfectly . We bought two additional cordless handsets and the base station -LRB- comes with one cordless handset -RRB- . So we invested less than $ 700 -LRB- $ 400 for the base system at Amazon.com was the best price around -RRB- and now our small company has an automatic attendant , voice mail -LRB- can be checked remotely , too -RRB- , call transfer , hold , conferencing , paging , etc - everything we need . And it works the way it should . We had our phone company provide calling `` roll-over '' so calls to the main line are automatically bumped to the next number when busy . So if you have 4 numbers in a series you only need to publish one number . The system will answer for you and allow callers to hit extensions -LRB- followed by the # key -RRB- or 0 for the operator -LRB- calls the base station -RRB- . You can have individual messages for all four lines or one like we do with the same outgoing message . Then you can have separate greetings for each handset . And each handset has a mailbox . With support for 8 handsets , this system can get most small companies off the ground with room for growth . It is also worth mentioning that the reception is outstanding and I forget I 'm on a cordless system . I 've already roamed a couple hundred feet from the base station and the signal was clear.Five stars because of simplicity , features , performance , and price .
 Service was excellent ! We received our phones earlier than expected . These were replacements for a couple of the same type that had been damaged at our business due to a shelf falling . They work well and we are happy with the process . We plan to have the damaged phones repaired soon as well by this same company . Our experience was quick easy and well worth the price .
 We needed a new 4 line cordless phone for the offices and bought the RCA , as recommended . We should not have done it . The call quality is miserable - echo - and clients complaint.You can not program needed features , which line has which voicemail text , all line have the same ring tone , the autoattendend has no choices , can not name the handsets . The black shiny ear pieces takes all of your faces even after one call , looks always dirty . . So we scrapped it and bought the Panasonic . It can do all of the above and more.After now one week of use we have no complaints and it does what we want . The programming is a little to complicated and you just do your trial and error , but it works . That is our 5th generation of cordless phones and clearly the best .
 I have used my KX-TG4500B since 2002 and love it , with one exception.It has a great auto attendant feature that can be set for multiple lines and voice mail extensions . The range of the handset is good . The base set has a back up battery good for around 20 minutes.The only problem we have had is that the keypad on the handset goes bad after about 2 years -LRB- mostly the 1 key -RRB- , however there is a keypad refurbish kit out there on Ebay installed for about $ 40 with a lifetime warranty.If you have a need for a good auto attendant feature and multiple lines , this phone is good choice for the money .
 OK , I like cordless phones . Always have . When they work well they duplicate the functions of wired phones with freedom to move around the home or office . The problems with them can be
 I have owned this phone for about 2 months . When I bought it , I was concerned that a second 900 MHz cordless phone might interfere with the Sony SPP-M937 that I already use . I have not had any interference , possibly because of the Panasonic 's Auto-scan feature . The clarity is good , even across the house , and it uses a standard replaceable NiCad battery which recharges in the base . I was especially pleased with the search button in the center of the keypad , which accesses many menu functions with one or two pushes . It works well with Caller ID ; all messages are logged , and can be added to the 50 number directory with a single button push . The size of the handset , weight and durability are also good . Two small criticisms
 since i was in the 4th grade these are the only dividers that i use and im in 9th grade now so as you can tell ive had quite a bit of history with these dividers . they are very sturdy , ive never had them to rip or tear on me , also i like the colors of the tabs ... the only con i have about this is that it gets dirty from pencil marks and you its hard to come off but id rather have a pencil marked durable , sturdy , colorful set of dividers than to have a cheap , bland , nondurable set of paper or flimsy plastic dividers ... ULTIMATELY I WOULD RECOMEND THIS TO ANY PERSON WHO NEEDS DIVIDERS
 When the cheap-o 's just wo n't do and you want something more professional , these are just the trick . Just combined them with the Avery Flexi-View binder for a client proposal and very pleased with the professional looking results.Tabs take a little finessing , nothing too major . Just be sure to check your top margin on a test sheet first , as I had to play with mine a few times to get it to work on the Word 2007 template . If you plan to use again , which you probably will , then just save your template somewhere for the next time.Then obviously due to the eyeball shape of the tabs , you have to be careful when removing them since their curved nature makes them want to tear . Did n't happen to me once , but I was careful from the start , even more so when I saw it ` start ' to happen a couple of times . Handle with care and you 'll be just fine , and very pleased that you went to the extra effort .
 They are very awesome - love them and planning on ordering more ... It was shipped in great condition - and also with the other things I ordered ... packed very well , received in wonderful condition !!!
 These dividers are nice . Sturdy yet flexible plastic dividers which are clear - thus allowing you to see what 's behind them . Nice rounded edges to pull on so that perusing through a binder is no effort at all . Great product .
 Using these for my coupon book ! They are very good quality . Easy to change tab category and pretty colors . : -RRB-
 These dividers are keep my binders neat and tidy . They are sturdy and easily reusable -LRB- do not wear easily at all ! -RRB- .
 These dividers were exactly what I need to separate the products in my work binder . They are n't flimsy and they 're translucent .
 One of the tabs ripped while I was trying to get the paper tabs in and out . Other than that , the set has held up well .
 The dividers are not flimsy get the job done . They are some sort of see through plastic will buy again if needed .
 They are thicker than I expected , so it is very worthy . I do n't use the tag , thus I can use it repeatedly .
 Exactly as I expected . Durable . Long lasting . I can print onto the little labels so I do n't have to see messy hand writing ... color coded . I would definitely buy these again .
 They worked for me . Some people mention the software is misaligned when you print it out , but do n't rip off any of the preforated edges until your done resulted in everything on the label . Putting the labels in is a bit difficult , and I had to staple some where I ripped to tab trying to force it in . Product is made in china .
 These dividers are great ! . Originally purchased the 5 tab set at local store then found the 8 tab on Amazon . They are strong and resilient . I like the scalloped edges instead of the traditional divider rectangular tabs .
 This is much better than the other cheaper one -LRB- Avery Big Tab Insertable Plastic Dividers , 8-Tab Set , 1 Set -LRB- 11901 -RRB- -RRB- . This one is kind of hard plastic so that I can use it as cover of my printed materials . Strongly recommend if you like to keep your printed stuff covered .
 I keep a 6 '' 3-ring binder with coupons and these tabs are great . They are sturdy , which is important when you are using the binder and tabs daily .
 I bought these for my Bachelor 's degree professional portfolio . I had to place my paperwork in clear covers in a binder . When I added these tabs , they disappeared . Good for class , but not for a professional portfolio .
 Update 04/25/2012
 I bought this for my home office - we have 2 home lines , a fax/dsl and a business line . This phone pretty much does it all - you can answer each line with a different outgoing message , set up mail boxes for different people , and even have different lines ring on different handsets , or not ring at all -LRB- i.e. the fax -RRB- . The range is very good -LRB- I can usually get it to go about 400 feet outdoors in a suburban neighborhood -RRB- . The handsets are pretty much the same size as the Panasonic 2.4 mHz standard . Battery life seems fine.My biggest peeve is that you ca n't use 2 handsets on the same line at the same time -LRB- I guess that is what the extension is for -RRB- and that one of the four handsets we got refuses to work properly - something with the battery , but Panasonic has been pretty helpful .
 I bought the base unit and two handsets a year ago in spite of all the bad reviews because I wanted a four-line unit . I 've had no trouble at all with the system . I 'm up here now to add two more handsets to the system.I would have given it five stars but I had a LOT of trouble getting adapters to convert two lines into one for the input . These _ should _ be included with the phone since you can not do four lines without them.Another minor knock is that the ring tones are very loud , even on the lowest setting . I put small pieces of duct tape over the holes where the ring sound comes out to soften the sound.Jimmie
 We 've had this system for about 4 years now , using 4 lines with 3 handsets . We really like all the features and tend to use most of them.No problems until a few weeks ago when one of the handsets failed with the infamous # 1 key . So will be replacing it -LRB- gosh , they are ridiculously expensive ! -RRB- and hoping to get another 2 years out of the system , when it will be time for a complete replacement ...
 Had an issue with the battery not working on the phone , but the company returned our call immediately and sent another battery at no cost.Good customer service !
 Thank you for the rush order . The phone was in excellent condition - thank you again : -RRB-
 I bought the first system 4 years ago and it is still working . We had problems with the # 1 but it is easily fixable by replacing the keypad -LRB- you can do it yourself in less than 0 minutes -RRB- . Also you can prevent it by dialing with your index instead of you thumb . This phone really gives a small business great flexibility and features only found in much more expensive units . So far I have bought also one for my parents , and my in-laws small business.Compr&eacute; el primer sistema hace 4 a & ntilde ; os y todav&iacute;a sigue funcionando . Tuvimos problemas con el # 1 pero es f&aacute;cilmente reparable , s&oacute;lo se necesita remplazar el teclado -LRB- lo puede hace uno mismo en menos de 10 minutos -RRB- . Tambi&eacute;n puede prevenirse la falla utilizando el dedo &iacute;ndice para marcar en lugar del dedo gordo . Este tel&eacute;fono realmente le da a una peque & ntilde ; a empresa la flexibilidad y caracter&iacute;sticas de unidades much&iacute;simo m&aacute;s caras . Hasta el momento he comprado adem&aacute;s una unidad para mis pares y para mis suegros para sus negocios .
 You are absolutely right , the # 1 on the keypad on BOTH my handset units doesnt work unless I play around with it . But the whole system itself I like . Ive had it 3 years , almost 4 , using the same handsets .
 After a few cordless phone purchasing fumbles with AT&T and Sony , I 've come back to Panasonic . This phone has amazing reception and the battery life is great too . I can use this many hours over a weekend , leave it off the charger and it still has battery juice on Monday morning.I also appreciate how Panasonic makes enough differing models of the same basic phone so I do n't need to overbuy and get features I do n't want .
 The Panasonic KX-TC1713B is a digital 900MHz cordless phone with call waiting caller ID and digital duplex speakerphone . It is also much easier to use than previous generations of phones , because it has a large `` Navigator '' button , which is more like a joystick than a button.It allows you navigate the phone 's menu structure instead of digging out the manual every time you have to do something.Call Waiting Caller ID And BatteryThe caller ID LCD screen is backlit and is located on the handset . In addition to phone numbers and names -LRB- where available and with caller ID service ordered from your phone company -RRB- , it also shows the battery status , which is much more convenient than my old VTech phone that would just die without any prior warning.With Panasonic , you can see if the battery is full , half-empty or close to being empty . The battery icon blinks when the forth stage is reached - time to recharge when the battery will be empty in a couple of minutes.Battery here is Ni-Cad type and performs best if fully discharged before charging to its full capacity . Otherwise , due to `` memory effects '' the useful capacity may degrade . The charge time is also too long.When somebody calls , you can see the phone and the name after the first ring . If you are on the phone and somebody calls , you can also see their information and decide if you should switch to the second line . Also , if people called you and you did n't pick up the phone , you can review all callers ' numbers and names by pressing `` Navigator '' key up and/or down.Sound QualityThe phone uses digital transmission , which is more secure and eliminates static noise . But if you get too far from the base -LRB- in my case it 's about 100-200 feet -RRB- , instead of static you will experience breakups in conversation . The sound quality is very good and the volume can be adjusted -LRB- 3 settings -RRB- . FeaturesThe phone has keypads on both handset and the base with base featuring intercom -LRB- I never use it -RRB- . The charging is reversible - the handset can be placed on the base either face up or face down for recharging -LRB- I prefer `` face up '' position , because this way you can see who is calling without picking up the phone -RRB- . The display is dot-matrix and fits 2 lines - one for phone number and another one for names plus the lower portion shows instructions like '' ^ Next > Edit '' -LRB- means `` push Navigator button up for next item , or push it right to edit the current one '' -RRB- Bottom LineAt $ 70 retail , this phone is not -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- . However , you can usually buy it on eBay for much less . And it is a very good phone and caller ID device with a cool looking LCD display .
 It looks good , it works and it 's reasonably priced . It 's easy to use and program . It has a ton of features , including a light that blinks when you have a message on your phone company voicemail .
 I can not think of enough good things to say about this product ! I have been through at least 5 cordless phones and this one finally got it right . Here 's what I like about it :1 . Sound Quality - The sound quality is equal to that of a corded telephone . I never get the `` are you on a cordless phone ? '' comment from anyone anymore . Furthermore , sound quality does not degrade as I move about my apartment . With other phones , if I got more than 20 feet from the base , the sound quality would start to degrade . Not so with this phone ! 2 . Features - Again , they got it right!a . Speaker-phone - This unit has a speaker-phone both in the base unit AND IN THE HANDSET ! This means that , if I 'm working at my computer , I do n't have to hold the phone on my shoulder . This is fortunate since the physical design of the handset does not lend itself to holding the handset in this manner.b . Voicemail - The phone knows when I have voicemail and has an LED and an indication on the handset digital display to tell me so . Also , it has a `` voicemail '' button which I program with the phone number and passcode sequence to access my voicemail . Not critical , but a nice feature.c . Caller ID - I know that many phones come with built-in caller ID these days but I 'm still thrilled with this feature . I also like the fact that you can automatically dial the displayed number or add it , with name , to the phone 's caller list.Bottom line
 I needed a business phone with the following requirements :1 . 900Mhz so as not to interfere with the 2.4 Ghz wireless internet -LRB- most 5.8 Ghz phones actually use the 2.4 Ghz spectrum for receiving -RRB- .2 . Caller ID display on phone itself .3 . Speakerphone on phone itself .4 . Normal sized , rather than the tiny ones they are pushing these days .5 . Adjustable ringer volume -LRB- hi/low/off -RRB- , on both phone and base.It met all of these requirements . The range is kind of short , and the optional belt clip does not work all that well . Also if you press the hold button by accident -LRB- which I seem to do frequently -RRB- it 's a pain to turn it off . Finally , the buttons wore out after about a year , so I had to buy a new one . Other than those minor hassles , this is a good phone . I would recommend getting one but the only place to find it is ebay . Search for KX-TC1713B or KX-TC1713 .
 I am sorry this is not a review . I have to find a class 2 power supply for this phone as the dog chewed up the other one , as funny as that sounds , it did happen . The model # PQLV2 AC Adaptor . I am sorry I am contacting you this way , but you do n't have a site where I can send my question .
 I tried several cordless phones before getting this phone at the recommendation of a friend . This is a great phone - the handset is well-designed , the ring-tone is pleasant -LRB- as phones go -RRB- , and the speaker-phone capability is very useful .
 I like all of the features this phone has and I prefer 900 MHZ . It has a nice Caller ID but I 've never come to like the `` handset speaker '' . It 's not that great . The directory where you can store numbers is outdated and I 'd have to say the newer phones improved on that . I recommend this model in the form where you can have speakerphone from the base .
 I have owned this phone for a year and never had a problem with it . The battery has never died even when I 've accidently left it off the charger all night . The speaker phone option is a nice feature . I have never experienced bad reception even when used outside . For the money , I would highly recommend this phone .
 This is one of the best cordless phones around . You ca n't go wrong with this one . It is very comfortable to use , has a pleasant ringing tone , and has some cool features . The best feature that I use all the time is the speaker phone which is in the handset . I can hear very well , and the caller can hear me just as well . Plus , I can roam about the house while using the speaker phone in the handset . It has a lot of other features that are extremely easy to use . For the price , it 's a great deal . The base is small , so it does n't take up a lot of table space . The battery charges quick , and I have not had a problem with it running down fast -LRB- as others have eluded to in their reviews -RRB- . I ca n't say enough good things about this phone .
 Clear sound and great range . Beats any 2.4 G phone for clarity . A bit complex to program but it 's do-able .
 After 4 yrs of use , my old Lucent analog started crackling and needed replacing . I initially went to a couple of electronics stores . I received some useful advice from the sales help and some disgruntled customers returning bad cordless phones . Basically the advice was to stay away from V-tech and IBM.I decided to go to Target , because I could experiment and easily return merchandise that I did not like . I started with a real cheap Memorex , which was awful and noisy . Next , I tried a Northwestern Bell 2.4 GHZ . It was noisy , you could not hear clearly , and some of the buttons crapped out . Frustrated , and with epinions info under my belt , I decided to go with either a Uniden or a Panasonic . This Panasonic model comes in assorted colors , has a couple of frills -LRB- but not too many -RRB- and felt comfortable in hand . I brought it home and tried it . It is as clear as a quality corded phone . Also , it has caller ID and you can easily program -LRB- like a cell phone -RRB- 50 numbers into its memory . Ok , so I spent more than fifty bucks , but its worth it for reliability , simplicity and clarity ! And unlike the expensive $ 130 2.4 GHZ DSS phones , you can plug into an answering machine .
 After trying a BUNCH of phones , inlcuding several 2.4 GHz DSS models from Panasonic , Sony , Uniden , etc , I was about ready to give up when I came across the 1703B on sale for a price I could n't pass up . This phone has clear reception , good volume and range , nice features , a comfortable handset , good battery life , and an extremely useful speakerphone integrated into the back of the handset . The speakerphone 's duplex sound quality is surprisingly good and has come in handy many times , particularly when on hold for a period of time or for 3-way hands-free conversations between my roommate , her son and myself.My only real compliant ? Everything on the handset is black , including all buttons and keys except for a large gray central navigation/volume button , and a small orange speakerphone button . So dialing or locating some buttons in a darkened room can be a real challenge . The printing on the buttons is bright and legible in normal lighting , but does n't help much in darker conditions . I 'd prefer to have either a lighted keypad or at least lighter , more contrasting keypad and on/off buttons . But considering the overall performance and price , I can deal with it . If you 're looking for a lighted keypad and willing to pay $ 20 - $ 30 more , the 1703 series comes in 3 other colors
 This is a very serviceable cordless telephone . I am on the phone a lot , making nearly 200 calls a month with this KX-TC1703B and a Plantronics M140 headset . I am even able to walk outside and stand at the far end of my one-acre property and talk on this phone without difficulty.While some folks who have written reviews on this product have criticized its reception , I have had no such difficulties . However I did pay attention to the fact that there were reports of reception problems and carefully read the unit 's instruction manual . My phone is mounted on a wall , about five feet from the floor and is positioned about three feet from my iMac computer . Thus , I have heeded the instructions in the manual that suggest elevation , antenna fully extended , and placing the unit a distance from a computer.Bottom line
 I 've had this phone for about a year and a half now and except for having to replace the battery I have n't had any problems . The clarity and range is excellent and the speakerphone on the base is one of the best I 've ever used.The handset is built tough . It 's been dropped a couple of times and keeps on going.The only gripe I have is the fact that it does n't have a MUTE button . What were they thinking ?!? Overall a very good phone .
 This phone offers :1 . -RRB- Durability2 . -RRB- Clear3 . -RRB- Exceptionally long range4 . -RRB- QualityI am not affiliated w/Panasonic or anyone that would have an agenda to sell this phone . It is simply the best phone I 've ever owned and highly recommend it to anyone searching a new telephone system .
 I love my Panasonic cordless phone ! I 've had this phone for approx . 2 years now and have had no problems . I 've only replaced the battery one time , and can talk for hours without problem -LRB- even with my frequent forgetting to put it back in the cradle -RRB- . The range is fantastic , I roam my entire house and yard with no problem . And finally , it looks and feels great in your hand , or hanging on the handy belt clip.My only negative ? The answering machine is not intuitive , so make sure you hang onto that manual !
 I am very happy with this phone . The sound quality is better than the Sony and Siemens phones I have tried . Note that I have tried earlier generations of Panasonic Gigarange phones that were not nearly as good as this one , so do n't use reviews of earlier generations to guide your purchase .
 I 've had this phone for 2 years . Some of the reviews on here are way of base .1 . Yes the battery died after a year . Went to -LSB- the store -RSB- , bought a six d-o-l-l-a-r battery that had more mAmps than the orginal Panasonic . Now the phone stays off the charger for days . ANY cordless will need the battery replaced every year or so -LRB- unless it has MiMh -RRB- .2 . Out of range problem ? I suspect that most of these people do n't realize that everything from Microwave ovens to Wireless Home Networks can cause problems with .4 Ghz phones in general . My microwave does n't , but there are plenty that do . Yes , I 've seen `` Out of Range '' from time to time . It 's got nothing to do with distance usually ... just move to a different location and the phone comunication will readjust . I ca n't believe people call this a show stopper . It 's very very rare .3 . Sound quality is excellent and handset is rock solid .4 . Speaker phone is so-so .5 . Answering machine is good , but ease of use is not .6 . NO MUTE ON HANDSET !!!! What on Earth were they thinking ?!?! This is a very good phone , but not worth the full retail price . In other words , get it on sale if you can .
 I was kind of shocked reading all the bad reviews on this phone . So much so , that I would not have bought it back when I did if I had read them . Thing is , I do n't even think the internet was invented way back then ! I have had this phone forever and it still works great . Even after dropping it multiple times and braking the antenna off it still works just fine . I have the black model -LRB- KX-TG2583CB -RRB- , and have had no paint rub off . I never did use the answering machine , so ca n't comment on that.The only reason I am retiring it is that I can no longer buy batteries for it where I live , and it is cheaper for my to buy a poorly made new one , than to pay my now huge cell-phone bills . The new Panasonic KX-TGA470C is what I am now stuck with .
 i have had this phone for 5 to 6 years maybe a little more the only thing i ever had to do was replace the battrey every one or two years maybe a bit more do n't make alote of phone call took good care of of the phone the newer panasonic phones do n't look like this one wonder if they work the same ? this phone is pretty basic easy set up has every thing you might what on a cordless phone
 This is a ruggedized phone , with bits of rubber bumpers and sealed electronics . Not sure why they do n't mention this key feature , maybe people complained it is not waterproof enough . But you can use the headset in the shower , rinse it under water , drop it on the floor , etc. . With `` normal '' use , it is virtually indestructible . With heavy use , expect to replace the battery about once a year .
 I have owned this phone for more than a year and it is the best cordless I have owned . The audio quality and volume are great . The user interface is intuitive .
 I have dropped this phone on concrete , and used it in the shower . It still sounds as good as new.The most outstanding features about this phone are :1 . Incredible range . I can drive around my block -LRB- in San Francisco -RRB- and not lose the signal until the end of the block . I 'm not sure if this is typical . The salesman at Tweeter said , `` this phone will overpower all the other phones in your apartment complex . And is n't that what it 's all about ? `` 2 . Sound quality . Indistinguishable from a land line . Have not experienced interference . Volume levels are generous - Loud and clear at the lowest handset level , up to painfully loud at the highest speakerphone volume .3 . Features . Very good sounding full duplex speaker phone in the base . A fully functioning phone in the base - great when you want to call customer service and hold for 45 minutes while doing your work . The usual caller ID , user directory , and digital answerer functions .4 . Ease of use . Voice menus , screen menus are clear and functional . Display scrolls quickly , updates quickly . No need to read the manual here . Very sensibly laid out and efficient . Ignore what the other reviewer said about being complex . This is as simple as it gets . A complicated phone would be the Siemens 4215 , which you should not buy .5 . Quality . You can abuse this phone without worry.Downsides :1 . This phone gets a little warm with continued use . Use a handsfree headphone or headset if you talk for a long time .2 . It looks a little like a pokemon character with the twin antennas in the base.There are really no other serious criticisms.You 'll be very happy owning and using this phone , and it should last a good while .
 This is the best cordless phone I have bought . Its built for a little rough use . No need to worry if you drop it once in a while . The caller ID on both the handset and the base is easy to read . Sound quality is excellent and range is good . Since the base and handset can be used seperately , conference calls are easy . Easy to setup and the menu is easy to use .
 I bought this phone after returning the Vtech phone/answering combo , and I could n't be happier . This phone is clear as day and the range is phenomenal especially for only ... more . Sure you ca n't add extra phones like the Vtech but the performance is outstanding and more than makes up for it . I live in an apartment and can take this phone all the way to my mailbox and my pool which is a good 200 feet away with another building in the way and not a touch of static , I could hardly belive it . The only downside is that this phone is more complicated to program than some other phones , but do n't let that deture you . This is a top notch phone from a top notch manufacture .
 I love this phone ! I 've owned it for over a year & I love it . Great range -- I can carry it all over the house & outside & it never gets fuzzy . Durable & easy to use . Buy it -- it 's worth the price .
 This is a really great phone . I did an A/B comparison with this phone against the Vtech 4261 -- and let me say , I really wanted to like the Vtech . As compared to the Panasonic TG-2583 , I find it looks cooler , costs less and has a broader feature set . Well , the Panasonic sound almost identical to a land line and works a block and a half away from my apartment . Sure , it does n't support multiple handsets and lacks some other bells and whistles , but regardless of that , it 's just so CRISP . The Vtech by comparison sounds like a walkie-talkie . Do your own research , or save yourself the time and buy this Panasonic , it 's just awesome .
 I had the vtech phone 2.4 GHz with 3 phones expanded and I was not happy at all with the sound and the speaker phone never worked all the time . I got the panasonic kx-tg2583w first of all because it is splash proof and we have a pool . But to my surprise it is the best sounding phone I have heard in a long time . I went with panasonic this time because I have a old panasonic easa-phone that I got 18 years ago and it is still being used in this house with never a breakdown . I give panasonic a 5 star because thats all you can rate it but its better then that . I got the white cause i am sick of black black on black .
 This phone is realy good quality if you want to use the phone far away -LRB- I was 1 block amay from my house and it was still semi-clear -RRB- . But the answering machine -LRB- is terrible -RRB- !! It is Realy Fuzzy and you can hear a `` hum '' noise in the backround . It is a good phone otherwiseGood :-RRB- long batterie life , good range and very user freindly.Bad :-LRB- answering machine stinks , gets fuzzy near TV 's and is heavy .
 I 'm not sure why the other reviews of this phone are so negative - the battery life is great in my experience and the sound quality is quite good -LRB- though microwave does cause interferance -RRB- . I think the handset is not comfortable/ergonomic for big hands , but that 's true of nearly all phones nowadays.The lack of a backlit base display is annoying - the screen is unreadable unless in direct light . Also annoying is the process for accessing stored phone numbers . It 's very similar to how you access recent callers with the caller ID features . You have to scroll through too many steps to get to a stored number . It takes longer than dialing the number from the keypad . Whatever happened to good old two-digit speed dial?All in all , though it 's a decent phone . The range is tremendous so if you plan to haul the phone all over the yard or to the neighbor 's house , this is the phone for you .
 I live near a phone pole and have struggled for years with interferance using a cordless handset . After installing this guy , the interferance went away and found myself actually enjoying staying on the phone . The answering machine is decent and the caller ID display is clean and clear . I ca n't really say anything negative about it . I love the ruggedness of it too . Great for taking out back while gardening or up on the roof cleaning out the storm gutters .
 I 've had this phone for just about two years . I have yet to have a problem with the battery on this phone but I do n't constantly keep it off the base . What I like best about this phone is that I can take it up the street to my neighbor 's back yard in the summer and get great reception . My neighbor could n't believe that my phone worked over there . The only complaints I have are that my microwave does interfere with my conversations a little and early on people could n't hear me loud . The sound was soft . I adjusted it and no one 's complained in over a year.I 've found this to be a great little phone but now I am looking to purchase a system with expandable handsets since another old phone of mine has had it and this panasonic is the only phone in the house I have right now that works .
 I am really surprised by all the negative reviews here . I bought this phone more than a year and half ago . I have had no problems with it . The battery seems to be a bit weaker than before but that should be within the normal limits for any rechargable battery.The phone is compact and nice to hold . Nice rubber grips on the sides . The menu take a bit of getting used to but is fine overall . Caller ID display on the base is very useful . Have n't really tested the water-resistance yet . ;-RRB- But I am extremely happy with the phone and would recommend it . But it seems to be out of production though .
 The cordless phone quality is excellent . Very clear , long range . I have no problem even when the microwave is in use because of the spread spectrum . The answering machine is good . It does n't have a lot of options when calling in to listen to messages , but covers the basics . It could be easier to play back old messages , but it works fine .
 We had a Panasonic 900MHz phone that we broke , so we were in the market for a new cordless -LRB- had to have answering machine/call waiting caller id -RRB- . When we were shopping for our 900MHz , we had tried Sony , Uniden , V-Tech to name a few , and they all ended up going back to the store for various reasons . We kept the Panasonic , which had the exact features we wanted , and it performed superbly . So , when we went searching for a new cordless , I pretty much knew I wanted another Panasonic.The features are perfect and easy to use . When viewing calls received -LRB- caller id -RRB- , simply press a button to add that name and number to your directory . Retreiving messages -LRB- either at home or away -RRB- is simple . For wall mounting , I love the way the phone rests on the base -LRB- it inserts into an opening on the top -RRB- . This way , you lessen the chance of not locking the phone onto the base , and it falling . The phone is surrounded by black `` rubber '' material , that makes it more resistant to damage from falls.I ca n't say enough about this phone , and I can not understand why it has received so many bad reviews . We love it !
 I 'm perfectly happy with the phone except for the fact that the lifetime of the handset seems to be fairly short . I 'm within 10 feet of the base , but usually by my computer and television and with a wall in the way . With that setup , the handset only seems to last for about 2 hours of talk time at best . The fact that I have to edit phone numbers to call back from the caller log does n't bother me . I do n't get clicking and buzzing sounds from the recording machine , although the handset does get warm after a while . I attempted to use an AT&T hands-free headset with the phone and got completely unusable sound quality there . Is this the finest telephone that I can imagine ? Not hardly . But it does its job tolerably well .
 First of all , I must mention that I got a Used model - I bought the KX-TG2583B -LRB- black model -RRB- over a year ago.Here 's what I think of my unit - Pros :1 -RRB- The quality of the sound -LRB- handset -RRB- during a conversation is great - sounds just like a corded phone .2 -RRB- I tested the reach of the handset from the base - it 's excellent ! I could literally go 100 feet away from the house and the signal was crystal clear ! 3 -RRB- I like the fact that you can listen to your messages using the handset .4 -RRB- It is definitely very sturdy , I 've dropped the handset a few times with no problems!Cons : a -RRB- The ` duplex ' speaker-phone on the base is not very good . When I use it , people on the other end can not hear me clearly . I think it is not true ` duplex ' since both parties ca n't really talk at the same time.b -RRB- The answering machine could do with a lot of improvements . You can remotely access your messages from another phone , but you have very limited options on playback , deleting messages , or leaving a new message . Even when you listen to the messages from the base , you do n't have some nice features like ` instant review ' - if you missed something in the message , you have to start all over from the beginning of the message . You also ca n't ` fast forward ' while playing a message - you have to listen to the whole thing in the normal speed.Overall I 'm still happy with my unit which is at least 1 year old . Everything works just the same as it did a year ago and I feel the pros certainly outweigh the cons !
 I 'd tried the Uniden and another cheaper model of Panasonic before deciding to spend the extra bucks on this phone . It works flawlessly throughout my 2 story house . The sound quality is crystal clear with no static . The phone programming is a bit more complicated than it needs to be but that aside I really could not find anything wrong with this execeptional phone . And you can shut off the ringer on both the base and the phone itself . Most cheaper phones do n't allow you to shut the ringer off for some reason . Buy this phone , you wo n't be sorry .
 I have had really good luck with this phone and I have been using it for a long time . None of the battery life problems that some of the other reviews have mentioned . If I had it to do over again , I WOULD buy this phone again .
 Great clarity , sound volume , battery life , range of use , no interference from anything , and plenty of memory features -LRB- especially with caller i.d. -RRB- . The battery has more life , much more life than any 900 mghz phone I 've ever owned . Some people must not understand the concept of charging a battery.After buying this phone you wo n't want any other .
 This is my first experience in many years in finding a first class telephone and answering machine in one ! It 's a great find , both in functionality and pricing . I was afraid the instructions were going to be complicated and the phone would end up in some corner of my basement , unused forever . To my great relief and amazement , the directions were straighforward , the procedures for preparing the answering function , speed dialing , etc. were very simple . The weight of the phone itself is pretty comfortable . When using the speaker feature , the voice is clear , no static , no problems . I love my new purchase and strongly recommend it !
 In the past 3 weeks , I have returned 4 phones -LRB- 2 Uniden , GE , & Vtech -RRB- . For this price range , I have found this phone to be superior to the other 4 that I had purchased . Uniden had the easist set-up and menu system by far , but everything else goes to the Panasonic -LRB- reception , clarity , digital recordings , range , etc. -RRB- This 900 mhz phone actually performs better than 2 of the other 2.4 ghz phones that I bought . The only thing that I which it had was a lighted message display like all the other phones on the market . It could also use a ringer on the base unit . I would certainly recommend this phone for the money . FYI , the Vtech 2468 was the worst of the bunch .
 The only reason that it did n't get 5 stars is because it is n't too comfortable next to the ear on longer conversations . Other than that , it 's great .
 Easy to setup and use ! No unnessesary bells and whistles . Great speaker phone feature in the handset !! A definite improvement over other brands . No other brand that I researched was ranked higher .
 Nice design , very easy to use . As simple as these things get . Easy to pickup messages remotely . Message indicators and voice prompts are excellent . Messages left on the system are of good quality . The prerecorded greeting is also of good quality . But if you want to record your own greeting , it sounds like you are talking with an echo . Still usable , but prevents what would otherwise be a perfect rating .
 great phone . rings loud so you can hear it and can hear great whom your talking too.has built in answering machine that flashes to let you know you have a message and they are very clear . all around a great phone love it .
 This phone has the speaker phone built into the handset which is a feature i love . . if u are put on hold , u just hit a button , sit the phone down and listen for the other party to return . free 's me up so i can do other things . Ive had this phone about a year and a half , still works great . The 900 mhz seems a little weaker than other phone 's ive had making the distance from the base a little shorter but all in all one of the best phones i 've ever owned .
 Wow , I bought this so long ago I do n't even recall my opinion . But I know this
 Nice design , very easy to use . As simple as these things get . Easy to pickup messages remotely . Message indicators and voice prompts are excellent . Messages left on the system are of good quality . The prerecorded greeting is also of good quality . But if you want to record your own greeting , it sounds like you are talking with an echo . Still usable , but prevents what would otherwise be a perfect rating .
 We bought a Panasonic KX-TC1450B cordless phone for a busy construction site office over a year ago . This phone has had heavy use by many people every day since . I frequently use it for up to an hour a day.WHY DID WE BUY THIS MODEL?Almost luck of the draw . It was a Panasonic , which is a reasonable name , and the picture on the box showed a professional looking phone . But I was in a hurry , and could just as easily have picked up another brand.EASY TO SET UP?Certainly . I took this out of the box , plugged the transformer into a wall socket , plugged the phone cable into the socket in the base unit , plopped the phone unit into the base unit , and left it alone for 10 minutes before making my first call . Dead easy.There is a manual , but I 've no idea what it says . I only read manuals when I can not get something to work , and believe that consumer goods should be intuitive to use . I ignore manuals at my risk!FEATURESThis phone is laden with features , including backlit number keys , intercom , a speakerphone feature that is good for conference calls , ringer and speaker volume settings , a REDIAL button , and programmable keys , a phone-beeper on the base unit , to help find a lost phone . Recharging light . Even a jack on the phone unit for headphones.EASE OF USE?Easy and intuitive . Pick it up , press TALK , then dial.The phone is comfortable in my hand , and has a nice heft to it.I particularly like the way that the keys light up from behind . This is a useful feature for a crowded site office , because I can dial outside in the dark , getting away from noisy co-workers . I use the REDIAL button frequently because our satellite phone system does not always connect first time . A great feature!LENGTH OF CHARGE?I 'm not sure , because this phone is used by so many people , but the charge lasts for ages . We generally keep the phone off the base , to prolong the battery life , and only charge it when it starts to beep and the recharge light comes on . We 're still on the original battery pack.DURABILITYThe phone has a tough black plastic casing that is lasting very well . It has been dropped by me at least twice , and probably by others too . The keys are very durable , with no label wear yet.CLARITY AND RANGEThis phone is as clear as any office phone that I 've used . I 've not tested the range extremes , but have often used it up to 50 m from base with no loss of reception.RATING : In conclusion , I am delighted with this phone . It is well designed and well made , and is easy to use , even in the dark . When my old Sony home phone dies , I will very likely buy one of these to replace it . I have no hesitation in rating it as excellent , a number 5 .
 I 've had this phone for about a month now . One of the things that I really like about it is the ease of using it . I got home from work and plugged it in to charge . Like most cordless phones , it has to charge for 18 hours when you first get it . My two teenage sons decided to plug it in for use while I was at work the next day and it has worked like a champ since . I never even had to record a greeting for the answering machine . It has an automatic one . You can record your own greeting if you want to , but it 's not necessary.The next thing that surprised me was when I actually got to use the phone for the first time . I was expecting that slight static sound that was always there with my previous cordless , but this phone is surprisingly clear . Very clear . It still surprises me each time I use it.This phone was very easy to program and the answering machine is really easy to use . No special degree required . -LRB- grin -RRB- If your world is as hectic as mine and you do n't have time to fool with complicated electronic stuff , I 'd definitely recommend this phone . It has a nice , modern look that says `` I 'm very sophisticated '' , but is surprisingly VERY user friendly .
 This phone/ans . machine is a huge improvement over my former ATT digital device which cost in excess of ... . It is simple , with functions that are unmistakeable , and instantly usable . The product emphasis is clearly on performance rather than intrigue or charm or multiplicity of functions . Clear sound , more than adequate range .
 This is now the 2nd panasonic phone i have owned.The first phone was the 2.4 ghz phone , and you can read for yourself my rather negative review about that one . It was a terrible phone that cut out all the time and had no mute button.Upon the recommendation of a friend who also was having trouble and who had then purchased this one , I checked it out.This one is great . Panasonic made the move to 2.4 ghz without properly testing and perfecting the technology . 900mhz is the way to go . I 've used this phone everywhere ... front yard , back yard , bathroom , office , living room , driveway , etc with no audible interference to speak of ... of course if you do get some , just hit the handy channel button and it switches to a clearer one for you.I 've even used the phone in very close proximity with my cell phone with zero interference . I know , I know they operate on different frequencies , but just try to do the same with their 2.4 ghz version and see what I mean.The 2.4 ghz had enough problems that I wanted to return it ... this one is a keeper . The answering machine has the same funky computer man voice to tell you that no one is home , or you can record your own.If i had to come up with one negative on this one is once again , there is no mute button . Granted , you could transfer the person to the base speakerphone , or put them on hold , but the only way to mute the phone is to stick your thumb over the mic . And that 's what I do . How many of us have needed to use the restroom while on a critical phone call . Just stick your thumb over the mic and flush away with no audible intrusion into the conversation.The very cool feature is the handset speakerphone . I use this ALL the time especially when getting dressed . Have you ever tried to stay on the phone while putting a shirt on ? Did n't think so . You tell your party to hang on while you get dressed . No need to do that any more . hit the speaker phone button , set the phone down , and keep right on talking and listening . Granted , do n't set the phone handset down upside down or you will muffle the microphone : -RRB- All in all , I 'm very pleased with this panasonic . Avoid the 2.4 ghz and stick with 900mhz and you will also be pleased .
 I bought one for my elderly father who has hearing aids . He is basically an electrophobe and this was his first cordless phone . He tried and returned others because his hearing aids squealed . He now uses it constantly , because of the handset speakerphone . It is very clear on both ends , I talk to him long distance and I can barely detect a difference in sound quality when he is using the speakerphone in the handset . He holds the phone a few inches away and uses it like a walkie talkie , only full duplex of course . The answering machine comes preprogrammed with a greeting , so he did n't have to mess with recording his own .
 This telephone gives you so much for so little . It is a no brainer to setup , as it is already pre-set . Simply plug it in , charge the battery , make a few very minor adjustments to your preferences , and you have a fine quality phone , with pre-recorded highly professional messages , you select from . The buttons are very easy to push . The ringer has a sweet mellow tone , quick & convenient settings to make immediate adjustments for all of your needs . The handset is trim , light weight and very comfortable to hold , and the speaker phone feature works beautifully . A telephone like this with all of these great features , plus many more . It 's Panasonic at it 's best ~ what more could you ask for ? You will be very satisfied and impressed with this purchase . The best phone I have ever owned and I have had many many phones . CA N'T GO WRONG WITH THIS TOP QUALITY PANASONIC CORDLESS SPEAKER , MEGA-FEATURE PHONE ! BUY IT ~ I 'M GLAD I DID !!
 Out of all the products I have purchased on Amazon , not one will I write a review . This cordless phone is comfortable against the ear for someone who uses the phone a lot . The answer machine is great . It has it 's own greeting
 This particular phone was purchased for my household . I find it to be very easy to work with , and with a straightforward manual , every function quickly becomes accessible . Some very nice , simple features are included . For example , the speakerphone in the handset allows great portability , without a decrease in sound quality on the other end . In general the sound quality is good ; I personally have found it to be better than the higher priced , supposedly top of the line , Uniden 900 MHz phones . The unit is relatively small and the shape of the phone is easy to hold . I think this is a great buy for the average home user .
 Had to wait to get this as it was back ordered but well worth the wait . It is by far the best cordless answering machine telephone I ever had . Rings loud and clear , has volume adjustment and makes very clear messages . It even flashes to let you know you have a message . I love this phone
 ... This fine phone is all digital , not analog . Sound quality is good . Excellent range . Impressive variety of features . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that the price is merely a good price , not a great one.Hard to go wrong with this phone .
 I really dont understand whats the fuss on static in the phone all about!I got this phone -LRB- White -RRB- a week back and it seems to be very clear and without any static at all . Infact I am happy that I bought this phone because it has all the options I wanted ... recording m/c and speaker phone -LRB- that too on the handset , so you are not stuck around the base unit while using it !! -RRB- I am pretty happy with my purchase , and I would definitely recomend this phone .
 This is a great deal for a combo pack . The paper was great and so was the ink , Definitely recommend it .
 It is a nice little package deal . The ink works great and produces some great photos .
 works the &#34; same as the teacher 's &#34; to play school with.however , prongs too large to accommodate regular size chalk.needed to adjust myself with pliers .
 My original reason for buying this was because I remembered it from school music class . Now I can use it for my grandchildren on their chalk boards for their ABC 's so they can keep in the lines . I do like it very much .
 This music staff chalk holder was just what we were looking for . The prongs initially need pinched a little to hold the chalks , but after that they hold fine . It has already gotten a lot of use , and we are very satisfied with our purchase .
 Does n't matter whether you 're a music major or not , student or teacher , left or right handed , ... this handy tool helps everyone write straighter & more neatly on Chalk Boards . You could also insert thin dry-erase markers , for use on White Boards . Easy/Fun to use , Well Made , Great Price , Free Shipping , Ca n't Beat !
 Since I am left handed when I write on the chalkboard my writing goes up or down , but not anymore with this music staff liner . I use this to make lines for me so I can write on the chalkboard . I am very happy with this purchase .
 I 've had this phone for several years and it has been very durable plus the price is right !
 We print 95 % of all of our portrait studio images on this paper.It gives wonderful tones and D-Max without glazing .
 This phone has great battery times , and has extremely good clarity . -LRB- ... -RRB- Get this and you can have it for years to come . 2.4 Ghz band , and over 25 auto-selected channels . -LRB- ... -RRB- The best feature is that it has rubber all over around it so I can drop it and it wont break . I have even spilled soda on it and nothing at all . Overall a great deal !
 This unit purchased in ' 97 . It was new tech then . It has been dropped , chewed on & dragged -LRB- baby -RRB- , dropped in the washer machine -LRB- wife -RRB- and immediately picked up . It is worn now , had never replaced its batteries . The sound quality is excellent , although walls are concrete . I can talk from base easily 80-100 ft. I would buy another Panasonic Gigaphone again . No doubt . I paid + / - $ 180 then & it has lasted 8 yrs.-Nelson Figueroa , Information Techology Specialist/Manager
 I always like to keep a wired phone available . I had used similarphones but my last phone went on the blink and I looked everywherefor a wall phone that could use a short wire to plug in the wall.This one solved my problem . The only place that I could find what Ineeded was on amazon.com .
 This paper is great , although I ordered it twice from Amazon and received `` glossy '' rather than `` lustre '' . If you need this in a hurry , you may get the wrong item .
 I create Photo Sculptures -LRB- www.samissculptures.com -RRB- using a high end printer and laminated the photo seperately . I saw a photo printed with a dye-sub printer and knew my company had to have one . Although Kodak is no longer making this printer , I took the chance on the purchase . I 'm glad I did . The quality of the print is extremely good . The only disappointment I have with this printer is the dust covers on the front and specifically the one on the back fall off easily . The only other complaint I have is the high cost of the ribbons and paper . It will cost you approx . $ 2.00 to print 1 , 8 x 10 print . I would love to beg Kodak to bring back these lower cost dye sub printers . The newer ones are way to expensive for the average user .
 The phone is actually pretty good for the price . -LRB- At first I was a little skeptical . -RRB- Everyone knows that there are pros and cons for just about anything . Some of the cons for the phone would be the static -LRB- which is minor if the phone is charged -RRB- , and the fact that it is incompatible with Caller ID . -LRB- but who needs the extra expense anyway ? -RRB- . The pros would be the different ringers , the fun color , the fact that you can use headphones , the any-key answer , the pre-set speed dials , and the pager . -LRB- I really like the pager because it beeps until you find it-or at least for a couple of minutes - when most phones usually stop after a few beeps -RRB- . I have even taken this phone into the backyard without extra static . So , if you are looking for a decent phone for a good price then this one 's for you -LRB- works especially good for a teenage or college student -RRB-
 I 've used the 9106 , the equally inexpensive sibling of this phone , for two years . It has good range and is quite clear and free from hissing , static or other noise in the earpiece , and everyone tells me that my voice is very clear on their end as well.Problems with noise can and will occur on any phone when there 's radio frequency interference in the home . Moving the base unit , putting line filters on the phone cord , or reducing the range are all necessary in some settings , no matter what brand phone you 're using.In my long experience I see no reason to pay more for a phone than I paid for this one .
 The vtech 9116 is the cordless phone that I have been looking for , it fits in my pocket . I will also mention that it has great range , the sound is clear and the instructions are easy to understand . My grandkids think the color is `` cool '' .
 These are great for stowing all those things that keep floating around in your glove box and under the seat in your car . These are very well made and attractive .
 Reasonably tough construction . Worth the purchase price . Stitching and zipper cause interior dimensions to be less than outside , but still ample room .
 was nostalgic for the old bank pouches of yesteryear . bought these - a bargain for a 3-pack -LRB- < $ 10 -RRB- . yes , there was a slight rubbery smell initially when first bought -LRB- as one review I read indicated -RRB- . smell gone a week after using daily . multi-purpose pouch . already planning on purchasing more .
 I just wanted something to stick checkbooks in , some cash , coupons , etc. . Definitely overkill for what I wanted , but at this price , I figured why not . I can see a lot of various uses for these - very well made and protective .
 Heavy Duty indeed . I keep a bunch of computer cables in this and it works great . I could think of about 50 other uses for these guys . Got a good deal on them too . Highly recommended !
 These bags are sturdy and stylish and for a reasonable cost . I like convas construction and the blue coloring . Good value .
 I would absolutely recommend these money pouches . I expected something really cheap that would n't last very long but I was pleasantly surprised to find these to be very sturdy and will last a long time . Highly recommend .
 I bought these for holding/transporting cash and other paper items , some of which are thick and heavy . The zipper is reliable and the material is very sturdy . It wo n't slip out of your hand . It 's just the right size to fit into the cash box I use . Awesome deal with getting three !
 So far the pouch is holding up to a month of abuse . No signs of wear . I 'm very happy with this product .
 These bags are super nice especially for the price . Super nice ! I bought two packs of them . They come in very handy and help me to organize receipts , papers , and other documents . Very happy with this purchase .
 I ordered these pouches after an unbelievably long web search . Originally , I was in the market for a Klein black cordura ballistic nylon `` zipper bag '' . I found one here on amazon , and elsewhere on the web , but with shipping , the bags did n't seem worth anymore . I searched again , and found something similar from a local art store here in nyc , but the problem was the material was too flimsy . My final search led me to these gems.Originally designed to hold documents , and financial papers , I use these pouches mainly to store hand tools . For storing papers and documents , I would rate these pouches 5 stars . For storing tools , I give these pouches 3.5 stars.The master lock pouches are made of one piece of heavy cordura nylon -- not ballistic cordura nylon -- sewn together at the side , and along the bottom . This is in contrast to Klein zipper bags which are sewn at the sides , with the bottom seamless . If you are like me and want to store a lot of tools in these pouches , you really do n't want to worry about your bags busting at the seams , and having a bottom seam there in these master lock pouches is a bit worrisome . But on the bright side , these pouches -LRB- 10 x 8 inch -RRB- are incredibly inexpensive . Three for $ 8.50 !! ca n't be beat . One klein zipper pouch -LRB- 12 x 7 inch -RRB- costs $ 12 in comparison .
 The package says each storage bag is 11 '' W x 6 '' H , but , with the bag lying flat , the exterior dimensions are 10.75 '' W x 6.5 '' H x .5 '' D , and the interior dimensions are 10.25 '' W x 6 '' H x .25 '' D. However , the zipper limits the opening to 10 '' W which reduces the effective interior dimensions to 10 '' W x 6 '' H x .25 '' D. Each bag weighs 2.25 oz.The bags are sturdy and feel good to open , close , and hold . The bags have slight cosmetic defects that do not affect their operation . These defects vary among the bags and include a sixteenth of an inch of excess material at the top of the bag and an improper alignment of materials surrounding the Master Lock logo.To whomever it may concern , the package also says
 These days ... seems items do n't come with what they did years ago -- wrench case . These are great . I have one for SAE and one for Metric . They are quality and durable bags .
 hi , i bought this to keep petty cash in . it does the job well . i noticed that it had some bad craftmanship . . the stitching on the edges were crooked/the cut of the fabric was uneven . . yadda yadda . . but does n't deter from its purpose . love that it comes in a 3-pack , but i 've only been using one .
 These bags are perfect for keeping things organized . I carry a laptop backback around with me a lot . I also carry a multitude of other things in the backpack . I use a few of these to keep things together and they work great . A Sharpie works perfect on the blue material to label them . Plus , they 're inexpensive , so you ca n't loose !
 These bags are versatile -- good for storing/transporting checks/cash and such , and for other things that will fit . I got them for the checks etc. , and if anything they are a little bigger than I would have liked , but the price was right , and they are sturdy and easily closed -LRB- not locked -RRB- with a zipper .
 Not much to say . You get 3 bags for the price of one . They work and are exactly what I wanted .
 I bought this to have something in my car to put all of my papers into so they are in order and do not get lost . This is a very sturdy bag that looks like it will hold up well for years to come .
 i have alot of these as i deal with cash on a daily basis , these are great , great material , and very strong , and seem to be waterproof as well , thats a plus with any cash business
 I like the color and quality of the book . It 's a bit more muted of a color ` in person ' than online.I was n't expecting to receive the product for at least another few weeks based on the Amazon shipping estimate . But , I received it last week -LRB- about a week after I ordered it -RRB- and was very happy . For me , the shipping was very quick ! The product was as described , and am I very happy with my experience with this seller . I plan to purchase similar items from this seller in the future .
 My labels came promptly , and fit my purpose nicely . Iwould order again . I could not find the stickers I wantedso I pasted the picture on my green labels , and made myown stickers . Thanks !
 My wife and I love these things . We use them to tag and mark DVD 's and CD Albums as we literally have thousands of them and without a system we would never find the movie we are looking for . We actually use a different color for the movie 's genre and we also write on the labels . We also use these to mark the prices on items for garage sales ; they are the ideal size for that purpose . We use a different color for different people selling something in the garage sale and it helps us to keep the money straight.I actually stick these onto hard drives in computer builds to write which drive it is and the date I installed it . When you build a computer with 4 to 12 drives in it like a work horse computer or a large server you need this kind of data for reinstalling the drives back into the servers into the exact drive positions . It also helps you keep track of the drives when troubleshooting drive issues.The inch round green dots are large enough to write some data onto them and we use a fine tip black Sharpie . I keep various size screws in small jars and even in small pull out drawers and I mark the screw type and size on the labels that I put onto the jar to make it easier to grab the right size . From labeling bags of parts , DVD 's , CD 's books , or computer drives you can not go wrong using these Color Coding Labels . I love them and I recommend them to you as a great product.I posted a photo of the different colors that we have on hand to use .
 Two folds , back to front and front to back , and you have a straight edge , no splitting of stock and printed well !
 Ca n't say anything bad about this . If you want white business cards at a little less than .04 cents a card , you ca n't beat it .
 These cards printed with a fine sharp edge and did n't jam in my printer . I use these cards for personal printed notes and businesscards and they always look sharp and crisp . I think Avery 's has some of the best reliable products out there .
 I went to our local office supply store to purchase business cards . They wanted $ 20 for a package , but had a special offer of $ 30 for two packages . I almost bought two packs , but thought &#34; I 'll never use all of these . &#34; I put them down and went home to see what Amazon offered . This pack of business cards cost about $ 10 -- and produced lovely business cards.To separate the cards with clean edges , just follow the instructions . Bend the cards at the seams back and forth one time . Works like a charm
 The cards printed well and separated easily . Used it for a computer class project where kids were learning about goods and services . Would purchase again .
 this works great in my laser printer . Holds together when goes through and separates easy . It 's white and separates easy when needed , just what this supposed to do .
 I 've been using these for years to give elementary children vocab cards . These are great because they work with my office 's laser printer , while most of the cards you find in stores are ink jet . Good price too , instead of some of the overpriced office stores .
 The labels were fine but I ordered the wrong type -LRB- for laser printers in stead of ink jet -RRB- but got no response from the vendor when I tried to exchange them . I ended up buying the kind I need from some one else .
 This is an amazing calculator at a very cheap price . It allows you to calculate in fractions and also allows you to type in your equations just like on a graphing calculator . The TI 32 also has an attractive case and battery and solar power . It has dual line display which allows you to see the problem and the answer at the same time . There are no problems with it at all and it is extremely fast . It also has a memory so you can scroll back and look at your previous calculations . It is such an amazing calculator for such a low price .
 I have n't been able to use my calculator very much , but plan to be using in more in the coming weeks with the job ahead of me . Thanks for asking ... as always , Texas instruments made a winner !!
 The TI-68 is a fine calculator . A search on Google of `` TI-68 '' will bring up plenty of positive reviews .
 I have the older TI-503 , which was the 2001 model of this calculator and ran off a battery . If you do n't need scientific or graphing functions , this is a great value . I have one for quick and easy calculations -- I find it to be quite simple to use . I got one for my grandmother , and she 's found it very useful for calculating tips on the run -- it 's slim enough that it fits in a shirt or pants pocket , or in her case , a purse . This is the ideal machine for checkbook balancing .
 If you need a printing calculator that 's small size , get this one through ebay . It has a fast keyboard and runs and AA 's and they last quite a while , I use it at work and after 3 months I am still on the same batteries . I have stopped using everything else because of the quality of the keypad .
 I ca n't imagine getting any easier with binding . Have n't used them long enough to know how long they will last but they are fine half a year in with minimal editing . They seem like they would be easy to wear out but my experience seems to say otherwise.The ability to cut them with scissors makes it so simple to get the size you need . And editing or reusing them is so fast and can be done tool-less if need be.These are awesome . Great idea . I 'm surprised it has n't taken preference over other binding methods .
 This panasonic electric sharpener auto stop -LRB- KP-110 -RRB- , works better than a newer model from walmart . It looks old but it works in seconds the compartment that holds the pencil shavings does not fall off on its own even if you face it down so , there is no mess as long as you clean it before you over fill .
 I have had it for almost two years now and love it . I know there are some really bad reviews here , but I must say I have not had their bad luck with this product .
 Vonage ... How the mighty have fallen.Was a great product when it first came out . Saved us a fortune on international phone calls between India and the US . Eventually the phones just got overused , the batteries eventually died , and the base unit got fried.Technology developed and now we can call for free on iOS apps using Skype , Bobsled , or even Vonage 's own app.These are a thing of the past but when they worked , they worked well .
 I have used this phone system since I got vonage in 2004 . I have had the power supply burn out once in 2008 , of course after 4 years of constant use I was not surprised that it had burned out . Vonage sent me a whole new system to replace my current one free of charge . However , you can easily pick up an adapter a radio shack , wal-mart if you do not want to be without a phone.I see alot of complaints about the power supplies burning out , however this is usally due to the fact that they are designed to burn out if you get a power surge , there is a fuse inside to protect the system . The key is to have it on good surge protector , as with any power suppy.The phone has all of the features I need and more , caller ID , call waiting , internal calls , speaker phone , phone book . The only feature it does not have is Speed dial . While not made anymore , you can still get reburbished handsets , and bases online . New batterys , and power supplys are also still available .
 This is a great calculator , it works all the functions I needed in Math class and was easy to figure out , mine had some surface marring on the case but other than that it was an excellent product .
 I 've owned and used the same TI-85 since 1998 . Its been a good friend during math tests . I can ' attest to how difficult it is to navigate compared to some of the newer models , but its not hard to figure out . Also it will convert decimals to fractions , though it takes more than just pressing one button . I 'm not sure about the tables , though I seem to remember doing something with that in High School . Over all I think this a great calculator and if you have patience to learn all it can do , you will be more than happy with it .
 I was happy to find this calculator for a cheaper price , because I have had it stolen from me twice . The second time I replaced it brand new , and these little buggers are expensive . I was happy to see that the product worked , all of its functions work and the battery works just fine . It is an older model than the calculators I had and the buttons look more original . It does not look too old . I would not have known if I had not already purchased two of them . I no longer take my calculator to public places with me where it can be stolen . I leave it at home unless I absolutely have to use it . What is wrong with those people ? Do unto others as you would have them do unto you . No , you may not use my calculator .
 Works fine does everything I need it to for my simple needs . A good value for people who need a scientific calculator but do n't want to pay tons of money .
 CONSAlthough this calculator is not the most `` user friendly , '' once you get to know how to use it , it is very useful.I have owned mine for about a year now , and I got used to the TI-85 in 3 weeks , before that I used my school issued TI-84 PLUS SILVER EDITION . If you prefer a `` USER FRIENDLY '' calculator , DO NOT GET THE TI-85 , GET THE TI-84 . it is a more user friendly calculator.Enouph with the cons , on to the pros.PROSThe TI-85 is a very powerful tool for use with graphing . I personally would not prefer any other than it . If you are up to the challenge of GREAT calculations , get the TI-85
 Exceptionally easy to use , well built and powerful . It provides a powerful and easy-to-use experience for all users aged 15 and over . I love it and use it still !
 I enrolled in a college Chemistry class without a calculator -LRB- I usually just use my smart phone as a calculator -RRB- . I was shocked to find that a nice scientific calculator was up in the $ 100 range , new . This calculator works perfectly for my class and will be great for the more advanced math classes as well , at half the price !
 I had my TI-85 since about 1995 . I used it often until it was recently lost . That 's over 16yrs of regular use . That thing had been dropped , kicked , smashed , frozen , baked , but it still kept working . I plan to buy another one now .
 This item arrived THE NEXT DAY ! Awesome service :0 -RRB- Calculator is in great shape too , clean and well packaged . Instruction booklet is also included and in great shape . And did I mention that it came so very very fast !
 Our product arrived earlier than expected . Our daughter was able to have it on time for class .
 This was gift to my college student . He has been very pleased with this calculator , I was pleased with the price and fast delivery .
 This product is great ! The ability to program different into it lets you have the ability to make movies or games . I think that without it , you might not pass through long car trips completely satisfied . This is one of the greatest calculators ever . You should buy it today !
 This calculator got me through two years of advanced high school math , two and a half years of college calculus , and general use almost every day at work as an engineer/scientist . It is my calculator of choice for EVERYTHING from simple arithmetic to graphing complex equations , to solving integrals and differential equations . The battery life has been phenomenal -- I maybe change them out once a year , if that . I have used it almost every day for 15 straight years . Contains some very powerful features and functions for almost any math need you can throw at it . You can purchase a used TI-85 for not much money these days as well . True , it may not be as easy to use as the TI-83 , but I would never give up my TI-85 for anything .
 With a large number of features and a huge range of functions , the TI-85 is a graphing tool that is well worth its cost . It is fully programmable , using a BASIC-like programming language . Texas Instruments discontinued this line of calculators however , and though they may have had their own reasons , I know of at least two flaws with this particular calculator . The first is that there are some bugs in its programming , such as its inability to convert negative temperatures . The second and much more serious problem is that the screen is not reliable . Roughly half of these calculators have one or more lines or columns of pixels fail after a few years of use . As long as you are n't paying retail price , however , the $ $ $ it might cost for a used TI-85 is more than worth it . Enjoy .
 I used this calculator throughout all of my high school and college math classes . I got years of use and never any problems !
 Its an excellent investment for engineers . The Calci helps a lot in mathematical calculations . It has a Huge number of engineering applications . Few applications which I found VERY Useful are -LRB- 1 -RRB- Inverse of a Matrix -LRB- 2 -RRB- Solving Quadratic and higher order Equations . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Plotting the graph of Algebric Equations which help in finding out the Maxima and Minina . . regards , A Graduate Student
 I used a scientic calulator for years . I bought the TI-85 my Senior year of High School and even though I 'm not yet in college -LRB- five years later -RRB- I 'm still a nerd that likes to play on it . most of time I just use it for basic stuff I can still do with a new TI-30X I bought granted I can graph with it and I 've been looking hard at TI-89 for no other reason than I can . -LRB- more than likely would be my next purchase if I did buy another one -RRB- the sad thing is resources for this calulator are limited seeing as it 's been discontinued but you know it 's still more powerful with it 's computing power over my GF TI-83 plus . it just lacks the storage of memory .
 I first bought mine in high school in 1996 and it 's still going strong to this day . This is a great calculator and it has all the functions necessary to carry you through high school and college match classes -LRB- and beyond -RRB- . If yours does n't arrive with a manual , it is available online at the following link
 My TI-83 was stolen in my physics class one day -LRB- still pissed about that -RRB- , so I bought this cause it was half the price and I was not gon na pay over $ 100 for another calculator . It worked great ! It was n't new , but that was okay . A few scratches here and there , but overall it did the job and I passed physics .
 My son needed this type of calcultor for 10th grade math and given the price of a new , similar calculator , this was a great buy ! He says is works great also-thank you so much , you saved the day !
 I 've been using this calculator since 1993 with no problems whatsoever . It got me through an engineering degree back then and another more recently -LRB- just finished -RRB- . During this second degree , I purchased a TI-89 and did not like it at all . While it does a lot of things that the 85 does n't , I found it less intuitive to use for what I need . It does so much that it can be difficult to find the things you need to do.The 85 handles complex numbers and simultaneous equations with ease , as well as definite integrals . For indefinite integrals and symbolic math , you may need a newer model .
 I got this calculator because it was required by my high school math teacher ... in 1994 ! Over 15 years later , it is still going strong . Got me through both an engineering degree and a math minor in college and I use it every day in my career . Even friends of mine that do n't work in a math-related field , are still using their TIs - even if it 's just to add up bake sale profits for the PTA . Great products !
 This are solis workhorses . I got mine used from this site , and it works great . They 're just big and clunky -LRB- old technology -RRB- .
 I purchased this calculator for a 7th grade grandson . It was exactly what he needed and was in excellent condition . The fact that it had the manual with it was great . Thanks
 It is very useful and convenient . However , I can not find the e on the button . Kind of pity ...
 Outside of a slight email problem that was resolved quickly , I had a positive experience with this seller . I would do business with him again .
 I missed the current sale of this particular calculator so my only option was to go online . I found this one for a super low price and received it merely a few days later ... in great condition . It does every function it was meant to do and is easy to use !
 This calculator is just like the more expensive ones , but does all of the things that the more expensive calculators do . I am very pleased with this product .
 This is a fine calculator , exactly what I wanted . Received it in good shape and quickly . Very satisfied . Ted Randolph
 for people looking for one for their teens for school it was exactly the price and style we were looking for . also it only took a few days to get it !
 The package arrived right on time , though it did not have batteries with it . It works great , a great calculator to use for pre calculus as it has all the basic scientific calculator functions .
 Very good price , received very quickly , and it works great . No problems at all , in fact - my daughter loves it and all her friends were impressed with the value and some got their parents to order theirs too .
 TI-82 Is great , I think !?!?? Am returning to college after 30 years . Decided to start with basic mathmatics . Will do Intro to Algebra next semester . On to a Math degree . I am preparing an alternate career to the one I am employed in . I am anticipating a lay off . Thought I would try teaching ... Math ! Anyway , can anyone tell me will the TI-82 do ok for Algebra ? Then I could use my money to buy a TI 200 or 92 or 89 . Use at home if I ca n't in class/tests . And ... I inherited a TI-82 . Long story . Please email
 This calculator is good and is designed for pre-algebra and algebra students . However it is a very old model and has been discontinued . Most schools now use the newer TI-83 plus .
 This is a great TI calculator expecialy for Pre-Algebra/Algebra students . You can do long math equasions with the press of a button . You can load cool programs on it that help you do lots of math functions , or play games .
 My math teacher was forcing us to buy graphing calculators , and despite my begrudged resistance I caved in and decided to get one anyway . -LRB- If only because I was losing points JUST for not having one . -RRB- But to my horror , upon discovering the PRICE of these monstrosities I was perturbed once more . But , I happened upon this seller with an older model , everything was the same except for the price . I was thrilled , as it came on time , in almost new condition , AND it even came with batteries ! Does n't get much better than that .
 It 's inexpensive and functional . I let my students use it in classroom or lab for my lower level math courses , such as college algebra and precalculus . It 's very suitable for this purpose . Thanks .
 With all of the newer -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- technology out there , some might argue that this is n't the graphing calculator for most college or high school students . In all actuality , you can do about 90 % of what others can do with their newer TI-83Plus , but at a fraction of the price . I 'd say that for your run of the mill Calc or Pre-Calc classes , this is the way to go .
 This calculator does everything I need it to do and nothing more . Only cost me like ten bucks which is way cheaper than the 83 + models and has pretty much all the same functions .
 Great to find a graphing calculator in great condition for my high schooler . Who can afford to pay $ 85 when you high schooler or college student needs a new calculator ? Not me !
 ok so there is an app for this but for those that do not have androids and smart phones a good old fashioned calculator is just what you need to get you through some of those high school courses and this one worked great ! Good Price Good shipping . Thanks
 The item was very easy to use but the screen was hard to read , it was very light , maybe just old
 Actually , at first I was a hesitate to buy the ti-81 . Finally , I had made the decision to buy it . I find that it 's worth every penny . I love it . Trust me , this calculator can do almost everything like the ti-83 , except that it does n't have as much memory as the ti-83 and the ability to transfer info . However , I find that the ti-81 is every easy to use . Not bad at all !!
 I needed a good graphing calculator quick , and this one really does the job . It 's just as good as the later models , do n't waste your money on the more expensive ones . The batteries do go pretty quick though . I have to constantly adjust the contrast due to low battery power .
 This graphing calculator is an outstanding bargain for the features that it possesses . The ability to perform so many mathematical tasks is always an added plus . I would highly recommend the purchase of this highly reasonally piece of electronic equipment1
 Obviously it is way outclassed for advanced mathematics . But if you find a TI-81 in good condition , you wo n't find a better number cruncher friend . The keys are very tactile , solid and responsive , and the results come up fast . I got my TI-81 in 1992 , and 19 years later , I still have it , and sans a few cosmetic quirks that come of aging , it still feels and works like new .
 Calculator was as described . Shipping was quick . Should have bought the TI83 though . My plan was to purchased the same calculator I used in school , so if my 7th grader needed help I could assist . Yeah right ! Epic fail ! Forgot all my calculus training . Who would of thought .
 Arrived VERY quickly , was in very good condition w / original box and instruction booklet . I put in batteries and it booted up immediately . Satisfied with the price . Look forward to Christmas morning for my daughter to test it to make sure it works properly - I 'm sure it dose , I just do n't know how to use it !
 Instead of going to the store and paying $ 100 , I was able to get it here for just under $ 20 ! : -RRB-
 my son likes it , and the price was right , it does every thing he needs it to do , we bought it used and it was in great shape .
 I was thrilled that my replacement calculator was cleaner than my old one - without the wear and tear I had put on my old one . It works just like my old one - as expected . It is like having a familiar tool again .
 good working i got it for my boy so he can do home work he thinks it works fine thank you
 For the price , this is the best calculator you can get . It does everything you need , nothing you do n't . If you need a graphing calculator and do n't mind getting something a bit older , look no further . My TI-81 calculator came in nearly brand new condition , and I ca n't see a reason at this point to get another calculator that is more expensive , it simply is n't worth the money when the TI-81 is available still . I also appreciated that my TI-81 was packaged with a nice instruction book , a solid little volume . I think it was better than the lousy pamphlet I got with my TI-nspire , which is a caluclator that ought to come with a sizable manual .
 Bought this for my college math class . It works , but is nothing special . Also the screen is kind of hard to read .
 Well being in college I am really impressed on Amazon here , I mean it works well , I thought it was going to be really old at first , nope I found out just another amazon amazing price here .
 I needed a graphing calculator for math class and didnt want to spend $ 50 and up on a new one Ti-83 0r 84 . Luckily , I found this great used calculator here and it works like a charm . Now I do n't feel left out in classes because I do n't have a graphing calculator . This was a great deal . Its a litt ' e dirty but , what can you expect from a used calculator for such a great price .
 I have a smith corona silent , circa 1947 , and these ribbons fit it perfectly . Please do n't discontinue ; this was the best price I found on the internet .
 Great to be able to find this product and have it arrive so quickly . I have n't tried it out yet , but sure hope it works .
 Easy to use , looks much better than a `` CombBind '' Looks professional . Can easily be opened by hand to edit , but recommend using a tool that is provided in 100ct boxes of spines . Spines snap together and hold very well , no problem with them opening up . I used these with 40 pages of 60lbs brochure paper and it looks stunning . Please note , their measurements are taken from the inside of the ring , so these might be larger than you want , the outside measurement is 5/8 ''
 Excellent choice for small books . I am using these for an 80 page book , that is 40 double sided pieces of paper . I am using card stock for the front and back cover and 28lb Hammerhill color copy . This is a fairly heavy paper . The 1/2 inch spine works great with my 1/4 inch book . It looks like they could handle up to a 1/2 inch thick book . It is easy to slide a stack of pages onto the spine and squeeze each ring closed . A conical tool is included for closing the rings faster but it may still be necessary to finger snap each ring , a quick and easy job . It is easy to trim the length of the spine with household scissors . Punching the pages is tricky with the inexpensive manual punch I purchased for the project . The pages lie flat and turn with ease .
 This a great calculator for the home and office . It has more functions than the older styles .
 It was a very good purchase with very good price , hopping not to get any problem soon .
 This slide converter is effective and easy to use . It does a very nice job over all . I had to back the zoom out a little due to distorted focus at the edges of the lense , but the images can then be cropped and come out beautiful .
 This item will copy one or two slide at a time and works great .
 It does what it needs to do ; copy slides . I have many hundreds of slides to copy , I am not looking forward to do all of that work , but I can do it . I am wondering if a Canon scanner might do a quicker job , considering the quantity ? This copies slides one at a time , although 2 fit into the sliding carrier .
 they work great and good price ... sturdy yet colored pencil writes smoothly . I 'd buy again . full size pencil and colors are bright
 I bought it for my son . These are much cheaper than other brand but work just as well . My son also said that colors are bright and perfectly suitable for school work .
 a nice variety of colors and the colors are vibrant on the page . colored pencils are a great way to make difficult concepts easier to understand .
 Even though we lost some pages due to shipping damage , we could n't be happier with this paper.Take away the spoilage , this paper is still a great value.We will purchase this again .
 I use a LOT of paper . I bought my first case of Navigator paper here on Amazon because of the price . I was hooked . This paper is quality paper that I can not find at a better price anywhere . The Navigator paper is a brighter white and heavier , more consistent quality than the standard store brands . Zero issues with paper jams . I considered four stars because each time some of the reams arrive with torn packaging , but for the price I just ca n't justify a four star rating . I throw the packaging away anyway . Great paper , delivered to my door !
 This is very nice paper which is bright white . We use it at a church for everyday use and for publications . It 's great quality and print comes out crisp and clean . No lint so does n't clog up your machines . Amazon had a little better price than we were paying from a local company .
 I 've been using these F-Series pads for atleast 6 + years now . I 've got several old ones for older builds I 've made and just bought a new one for home . They last a pretty long time and the surface is perfect for doing graphic design or gaming . I play all kinds of games , from Unreal Tournament to Civilization and the pad is great for anything.Though if you do tend to use only the middle that spot will get worn out quicker . Youll find that one side of the mouse still has that fast textured surface while the spot you wore down is slow and rough . But you 'll definetly get a good year or more out of one pad . The last one I had lasted for around 2 years , and I 'm using it for my work PC so it 's still good.This pad has a textured surface and it makes your mouse glide so much smoother and quicker . Definetly a must have if you 're a gamer or use your computer for any length of time .
 For several years , I 've been a huge fan of Func and their outstanding mousepads . The F30.R is my favortie as it strikes a perfect balance of traction and buttery smoothness . Couple this mouse pad with a G700 -LRB- productivity -RRB- or G9x -LRB- gaming -RRB- and you have one sick mousing combo.Cleaning it is easy ; I use 1 shot of windex or 409 and a papertowel . It does n't warp or fold up around the corners and grips the desk surface -LRB- without sticking -RRB- . Once you get this mousepad , you will never look at mousepads the same again .
 This came highly recommended by a fellow gamer -LRB- thanks MoFo -RRB- along with a mouse he recommended and I must say it does work and is quite large for a mouse pad we 're all use to but it is a gaming pad and fits the bill . It could be a tad cheaper IMHO like let 's say $ 9.95 but with that grump out of the way if you set it up in the right spot ya wo n't run outta room like smaller pads do in the heat of the moment in gaming .
 I ordered these as I have ordered similar products with a photo frame before , and have been very happy with them . These were not as anticipated . They are very pretty , and like what I had before but much smaller . I was going to give them as a gift for a lady who liked the others that I had , but I changed my mind after seeing them , will use them though , and pretty , just not what I thought .
 Got this for my daughter . I had gotten her one of these bookmarks when she was seven , she lost it this last year at school ! I was extremely pleased to be able to find her another on amazon ! Thanks
 The bookmark is nicely crafted and special enough to be included as part of my Harry Potter book collection . This bookmark completes my collection of bookmarks for all seven Harry Potter novels . I am pleased with my purchase .
 I love this door stop and the cat one I bought . They are heavy and work beautifully but the best thing about them is how cute they are ... I highly recommend .
 This is the perfect doorstop for our house because it matches the decorative wall plates -LRB- that have puppieson them -RRB- that we have in the kitchen . It is sort of a hunting/lodge type theme , so the doorstop could n't have been better . It was just a little bigger than I thought it woould be , but that 's ok . The price was a little high compared with other places that I saw later on .
 i like this door stop a lot . very cute . would recommend it to anyone who is a big dog lover like me
 This is a great product if you are looking for a comfortable safe lanyard . This is great if you work law enforcement , department of corrections or around machinery .
 I have ordered many of these because of their comfort to wear and their workmanship !!! If they could use this cord size and type with the Maxpedition products that would be an unbeatable combination !!!
 Excellent product , perfect size , however I wish there was a version without the tactical information for Soldiers in the back . None the less , excellent product for outdoor journalling .
 I have been using RITR notebooks for years now . I have carried them in many places under austere conditions , and still have all of those notes.There are a lot of sizes , accessories and page layouts to choose from , so you can configure the notebook to your specific needs . The standard paper has a handy graph paper layout that keeps my notes in order and makes field sketches easier to manage.I highly recommend carrying it in one of the nylon cases that are made for them . It helps keep the notebook clean , and most of them have slots for pens/pencils or loose papers , and zip or velcro shut.Its best to use a pencil if you can ; sometimes ink smudges on the waxy coating of the pages . Whatever you do , DO NOT use gel pens . Unless you dont want to read what you jotted down.For the price it is a wonderful product . If they were able to figure out how to keep regular ink pens from smudging before the ink dries thoroughly , Id give it a fifth star .
 Go ahead and pour water on it if you do n't believe it works . The paper is strong and waterproof and perfect for writing and drawing . Going to get a couple of them to bring with me to various field trainings .
 Very high quality . Does exactly as advertised . Waterproof paper that can be soaked and dried several times without a loss of quality . Write even when wet . Has inches/centimeters ruler and conversion tables on the covers , as well as Army smart cards on the last 10 pages or so . Excellent product for military training events .
 I really like this notebook as it fits in the ACU cargo pocket and has a ton of tactical/reference material.The only con is that there is n't the direct map distance conversion rulers like there are in some of the other notebooks . I would also prefer if this book was offered in a top bound spiral form . If those two things were present then this would be a 5 .
 Received very quickly & in perfect condition . Have n't gotten a chance to put it to use yet , but I can see that it will be quite useful.Planning on using it to make range cards and sketch cards when I go target shooting . The 1/4 '' grid lines on the pages will make accurate scaling easy , in combination with the English/Metric conversions and various scales listed on the inside of the front cover.Each individual page also has a small area in the corner for you to record your own custom scale -LRB- `` One Square = ____ '' -RRB- . Lots of very cool/useful information listed on the final 16 pages & inside back cover . Maybe not exactly `` usable '' to anyone except military personnel ... but quite interesting and fun to `` play around with '' if you 're into military info -LRB- like me -RRB- . Pages and cover themselves both feel very durable . Even if you 're not using this to write in wet weather/climates , this book will likely be able to hold up to lots of hard use . Each page is also perforated for easy removal . I will absolutely be purchasing more of these when the pages get filled up . After seeing/feeling a RIR -LRB- rite in the rain -RRB- notebook , `` normal '' notebooks just do n't feel like they `` cut it '' anymore for me.If you like the field-flex book as much as I did , I highly recommend you have a look at their product page . They have LOTS of awesome stuff , including looseleaf paper and printer/copier paper . Not to mention all their cases and all-weather pens ... -LRB- -LSB- . . -RSB- -RRB-
 I just used this on a club hunt on Sunday . This thing is just the right size . Not too big and not too small . The velcro is very strong and holds the finds safely inside . It was a little muddy Sunday and the bag was too . When I got home all I had to do was wash it off in the sink and it was like new . If your looking for a recovery bag for your metal detecting finds this is the one .
 i am amazed at how wonderful such a simple bookmark could be . it allows me to multitask and the `` stretchmark '' never has to leave the book ! i definitly recommend it !
 I use this paper all the time for my competive photos for the Model Horse show hobby . On my HP Photosmart Printer they come out crisp , clean and perfect ! I use no other paper with the occasional exception of HPs premium paper which is n't as good as this paper in thickness and durability .
 I have a Canon IP3000 and had no problems using this paper . Unlike many reviewers , I am very satisfied with the quality and even the size . The size is 4x6 .5 , but it 's a benefit really , because you do n't end up touching the photo when it has finished printing . Instead of smudging the ink or leaving a fingerprint on the photo that extra room along the side or bottom helps ... and can easily be cut away later . My pictures look as perfect as they did on the days they were taken and to me , that is satisfying enough to earn it 5 stars .
 This is great paper for photos ! For those not using a Kodak printer -LRB- which are also very highly recommended -RRB- , the extra length is not a problem - you just need to format your own printer , using directions from Kodak 's website . The extra space allows for easier handling if you do not want finger smudges on your beautiful prints . Perforations are there so that you can tear off the excess paper.These prints last so long , and the paper is Kodak quality , producing great pictures !
 I used this paper on a Canon i560 . If you go to the Kodak web site and follow the settings recommendation for you specific printer , your results will improve greatly . On my printer , the default printer settings resulted in washed out colors . After adjusting to the recommendations , I got perhaps the most accurate color on this printer so far , including prints made with Canon paper and following the Canon printer recommendations . Others here who say this paper is bad on a Canon have not followed the directions .
 After reading the reviews -LRB- several negative -RRB- , I was n't sure if I should purchase this for my Canon i9900 . I am sure glad I purchased this ! I bought this because my Canon paper fades so quickly that I was sick of reprinting pictures to keep the colors vibrant.I printed about thirty pictures of my previous vacation and was so amazed . The color is wonderful , the detail is so much better than on Canon paper , and they all printed up without one bad picture -LRB- ie,smears-ink blobs-etc -RRB- . I am definitely buying more being an obsessive picture taker.A definite must for those who take an obscene amount of pictures !!!
 These are very nice labels with one small exception . The extra strength labels are a little hard to get the backing off of . Still , the extra holding strength of these far outweighs the minor inconvenience of removing the backing . I started using these labels at work and liked the Brother printer so much I purchased one for my personal use . A great way to organize all your `` stuff/junk '' .
 This could very well be the best pen ever invented . If you 've hated gel pens or roller ball pens for any reason , get the Jetstream . Your dreams of pen heaven will come true . It 's the smoothest stroke you 'll ever get . You 'll throw away your cheap pens and even your expensive ones . You 'll never want to write with any other pen , ever again .
 Okay this is how it happened , I went into Office Depot one hot afternoon to pick up some office supplies for my home . I happened over to the clearance section and saw a four pack of UNIBALL JETSTREAM pens for a very decent price . I picked up two packs and travel home . I was in the process of writing my first manuscript by hand and decided to try this little beauty out . On first stroke of the pen I was in love . It was smooth and fluid , did n't seem like a runny gel pen like most are and it was way too smooth to be a ballpoint . I have since made it a point to always have a Jetstream at hand and for anyone who writes a lot this beauty will never do you wrong ! The price is a little bit steep but they are worth it !
 I write a lot and am always on the lookout for a great pen . Last year I found these at Wal-Mart , but I have n't seen them for a long time there . This pen is smooth , with very nice black ink that does n't smear . The width of the line is bold without looking like grafitti . At this price they are expensive , but when you have to have the best ...
 I concur with the other positive reviews . The price is high , but worth every single penny spent . I was lucky to uncover these pens while at a co-worker 's desk . I , too , feel that once you start using these you will be dissatisfied with every other pen you try . Jetstreams write clearly , smoothly -- and they are excellent writer 's pens for those of us who like to write or journal by hand . They flow with a beautiful line that keeps pace with your hand and does n't glob or stop or scratch against the paper . Plus it 's fun to hand to friends and have them try to figure out how they open . Teehee !
 I am used to writing everything on a computer . But once in awhile I do have to write with a pen , and when I do I get cramps so fast . From the other reviews , I decided to go with Jetstream uni-ball pens for the smoothness and because I wanted a pen that is water proof for writing checks . I would say the differences between Jetstream and other ball pens are n't significantly different , but I do notice that I do n't have to press down hard at all with the Jetstreams to get the ink flowing solidly . In fact , I do n't notice any difference in the ink output whether I press softly or hard on the pen versus other ball pens that I own . Therefore , these Jetstreams are a lot easier on my hands . Lastly , as an added bonus , you can tell from the outside of the pen when the ink will run out without you having to unscrew the pen apart to check . I 'm glad I got them and I will gladly buy them again .
 I discovered these pens about four years ago and have not used another pen since . They write very smoothly and do not leave any messy residue . This pack comes with a pen in red , blue , and black ink . Uni-ball has made a terrific product here .
 I have been using these pens for years and years . They are the most comfortable and functional pens I have ever used.The ink does n't smudge or gum up like regular ball point pens.These are so good that they keep disappearing from my desk . I think my coworkers like them too , as I have to keep buying more - not because they stop working . I do n't think I 've been able to keep one around long enough to find out how long they actually last .
 Since I have bought these , I have never ever used any other pen for my day to day activities . These are the smoothest , fastest , clearest , boldest pens ever . My only caution is that if you buy them , you will need to change out all your other pens when you try these out , guaranteed .
 The pens write very smoothly and consistantly , and they fit well in your hand . I will be ordering refills for these . I will probably order retractable pens also .
 these type of pens write so smoothly and have nice comfort grips i recommend this product for anyone who writes alot .
 The design is cute with the palm trees and it is perfect size to hold my keys . I have gotten many compliments on it . Would recommend it .
 Instead of receiving the Palm Tree Key Rack I received by mistake a Flip Flop Key Rack . This item was packaged in a bubble wrapped envelope . Even though the item arrived undamaged the fact that this is metal art that can easily be bent surprised me with the flimsy packaging . I returned the Flip Flop Key Rack and replaced my order for the Palm Tree Key Rack . I told Customer Service I felt the packaging was insufficient . I received the Palm Tree Key Rack promptly and it was packaged more securely in a box instead of just an envelope . The Palm Tree Key Rack is exactly as described and showcased in the picture .
 I purchased a lot of Palm themed items for a remodel . The remodel is still ongoing , however everything I purchase came fast and was affordable .
 I ordered this key hook wall hanging for my Florida house and it did not disappoint . It is lightweight yet the hooks seems sturdy . It holds 4 sets of keys and can be securely mounted onto the wall . The colors are true to picture . we are quite happy with this purchase .
 I like it , it is a nice quality and does its job ! Nice colors and fits about anywhere . Get it !
 Product was smaller than anticipated but does the trick ! Looks good in my Florida palm tree themed home . All in one piece and fast shipping . Thanks .
 I bought this phone on sale to replace an aging cordless phone/answering machine . The old one was acting up . This phone is great . It 's comfortable to hold , easy to use , has great sound quality and volume and works uniterupted throughout our house . The design is smart . The phone sits on the base face up so the caller ID screen is always showing . The answering machine is very clear and crisp . This one is a winner .
 I was pleased with the timely delivery and , also , with the product itself . My only complaint is that the battery was dead -LRB- not rechargeable -RRB- and that I had to order a new one . But in all fairness , I was so anxious to get operational that I never notified the vendor of this problem . * Amended this product review approximately six months after purchase-The phone , despite a new battery , will not charge properly . Despite some good points , I can not recommend a product that does not work . *
 If you 're looking for a good , basic workhorse of a phone/answering unit , look no further . You ca n't beat the price . This is our second one of these . The first lasted through 5 + years of daily abuse.Downside
 Love this phone . It is easy to use , had no problems understanding the set-up instructions .
 It looks pretty good in my living room and it does the job well . It Could have more ringtones and memory for numbers . It is a good choice if you wish to dial most phone numbers you call .
 I 've had this phone for about 3 or 4 years , purchased new to replace a failing Uniden.Pros
 I used a Uniden cordless for many years but the 2.4 ghz interferance with my in-home Linksys Wireless finally got to the point where I could no longer live with it and had to switch to a 5.8 ghz . I bought Panasonic for no other reason than I had one 20 years ago which fell off the roof of my car while driving along and , after it was taped up , continued to operate flawlessly for many years . This phone has a ton of features , most of which I 'll never use , but the one I like the best is that the speakerphone is built into the handset -LRB- s -RRB- rather than the base unit and switching back and forth is totally seamless with little danger of self-disconnecting . The Answering Machine works fine but is unlike many other machines in the respect that , when you are on `` call screening '' , you do not hear your greeting before the calling party speaks .
 This phone has great quality and range and the ability to store and copy phonebooks between the phone is very nice . The Caller IQ function is cool , as you can change ring tones and `` ring light '' options for each caller .
 Its a great phone , but we sometime face reception difficulties when crossing rooms , which we should n't given its a 5.4 Giga range phone!Overall its a great phone with excellent capabilities .
 This Phone is the best ... I had not been happy with other brand name phones ... Since then I have always shopped for Panasonic phones ... The gigarange 5.8 is the best so far . . I received a great price and free shipping ... Ca n't get better than this ...
 I am very pleased with the phone I received through Amazon . Extremely versatile 5.8 Ghz phone which is fun to use . Expecting many years of pleasure with it.Diane Carder
 It works well and I 'd recommend it for young families with busy lives .
 This phone is great ! The sound quality is awesome . You can even program the phone to flash different colors for different callers -LRB- This lets you know who is calling from across the room -RRB- . I highly recommend this phone .
 Phone works great . Too many options and too small for my taste.Bigger than a cell phone but smaller than regular phone . Great reception and range . Much better phone than I 've owned in the past . Would buy again but wish the size was larger .
 lots of features , easy to dial , sound quality is the best , love the speaker phone on the handset .
 This is a great phone set ! Very clear and crisp . The voice changer mode would come in handy if I were a kidnapper , or worked for crack yankers - neither of which I am or do - but its fun nonetheless .
 This phone is worth its price . Its slightly expensive compared to other phone with more features but this delivers the best clarity without any problem .
 This phone is awesome !! I would venture to say it 's the best we 've ever had . Great functionality , great size , awesome clarity . . what more can I say ? The extra handset was the cherry on top . I tell everyone about this phone .
 I purchased this set about 5 years ago and , in spite of it being expensive IMHO , I have been pleasantly surprised at the ease of use and overall problem-free operation . In fact , except for the batteries now only holding charge for about 5 days , I have had no issues with it . Another thing I like is the handsets are just about the right size , at least for someone with small hands like mine . Not too big or small.Entering phone book entries was a little tedious but this tedium was balanced by being able to copy entries to the second phone at the simple push of a button , thereby eliminating the need to do it twice . Someone was thinking on this feature.My use was confined mostly to inside the house and in the garage on occasion and I experienced no signal drop or garbled conversations . In spite of what the manual says , I believe it is impractical to expect the device to operate properly over the length of a football field-just my opinion.My only complaint , now that I am getting rid of my land line and selling this unit , is deleting the entries . Instead of having a `` Delete all entries '' feature , they have to be deleted one-by-one-and you have to do the same thing on each phone . Someone was definitely not thinking about this one . That is why I gave it 4 stars . I would still recommend it .
 We 've owned this phone for about 7 years . It 's still working well . We have n't had any issues with the battery life , etc. . I 'd buy it again .
 This is a great phone , and I have had it for over three years . It is clear . The range is superb -LRB- in a two story home -RRB- . The battery life has surpassed about a four or five previous cordless phones I have had . The built-in voice mail works very well.I wish the phone would have :1 -RRB- ability to expand the number of handsets2 -RRB- ability to dial in from the base , and therefore have a speaker phone on the baseThe last Panasonic I had , which was much older , had a base speaker phone.Favorite features : * Ability to synchronize address book entries between the two phones * Ability to check voice mail without going back to the base - from the head set .
 I have bought soo many phones in the past & end up replacing them because of static . I bought this phone -LRB- refurbished -RRB- 11/2 yrs . ago & I am VERY happy with my purchase . NO static & a lot of cool features.It 's been dropped on the floor a couple times and even once in the dish water & it still works great . -LRB- Guess I should of had it on speaker phone while I was multi-tasking ! -RRB- I spent $ 40 less then what it 's going for today , but knowing what a great phone it is , I think it 's worth every penny that they are asking for now .
 I 've been living with two 2 different Uniden speaker phone models for years since I could not find an acceptable replacement . There may be other phones where you can speak to your party without disconnecting the speaker but I never found one . Also I have been unsuccessful finding a replacement with a long battery life.The clarity on this Panasonic is perfect . When I speak to my party there is no echo . You can place the phone anywhere in the room and speak to your party . The volume is adjustable therefore I can not understand why some find it a problem . It is so nice to put the phone on your desk and write and talk without putting the phone on your shoulder and ending up with a stiff neck.The `` phone book '' is accepable and scrolling is quick . Too bad the list is printed alphabetical . There is no way to change this feature . But this may be fine with some users.The selection of phone ringer tones is great . There is one that is deafening which is fine for me since it differentiates between other phones in my home and home office.I find the reception is great with distance not a factor . No noise , no static . Those that experience static must be picking up interference from other sources.I do not use the answering system feature since there is only 15 minutes of call time and I need much more than that therefore I use a stand-alone unit . I have not tried it therfore I can not report.This is a value-packed phone and no one should hesitate a purchase .
 This phone does a better job getting thru the interference created in the restaurant 's kitchen than the unit it replaced -LRB- Uniden 5.8 -RRB- . The voice alteration feature is fun for jokes but serves no real purpose . The battery life seems adequate . Unfortunately it does not hold the selection of ring-tones well for some reason and frequently reverts back to the default . -LRB- as of yet to determine the cause for this - it is definitely not battery exhaustion tho -RRB- Could also use to have one more level of volume increase - the loudest is not as loud as one would expect.The speaker-phone works well in a quiet area - much noise around you and it is not loud enough to hear the caller on the other end very well .
 I am very impressed with this product . Everything from the ease of setting it up to the color of the set . I get outstanding reception from the unit I use on the lower floor of a trilevel , in the past this was not the case with another older cordless model .
 This cordless phone system is an excellent choice . I have had nothing but bad luck with phones recently . Either they stop working or I get nothing but static . This phone is easy to set up and the sound quality is first rate . I have the second handset on the other side of my house from the base and the reception did not diminish . I also have a 802.11 b/g wireless network set up in my home , and neither interferes with the other . Better price here than at Best Buy and Office Depot .
 purchased a month ago , and i love it , no static , no fadeouts , great reception , love the special tones for different people , used around the pool and did not have to worry about it getting wet !! i hve had many phones and this is by far the best one !!! give it a try !!
 There are a couple of new features on this phone -LRB- since the last 2.4 ghz I had from panasonic -RRB- . Love that this replaced two phones - I could take the high cost and divide it by two phone replacements ! With 5.8 ghz , I no longer get disconnected with my wireless router and the features ok -LRB- though I never really have a use for the voice enhancer -RRB- . I do get the occasional `` huh ? '' from people - the volume seems a little low , which knocks it down a star , but it is still rated well - it stands up to three kids !
 These bookends have a cork bottom , so they wo n't scratch your shelves . They do n't slide easily , either . They 're on the heavy side . It 's a good price , too .
 I originally got this platform to use on my desk , then it became useful for resting a keyboard + mouse on while in bed , then I placed it on a desk where space is limited but it rests on a drawer while being a lot more stable -LRB- and unsplintery -RRB- as a makeshift solution.I felt , and still feel the price -LRB- almost US$ 50 -RRB- is kind of high for what you get , which is basically a board -LRB- albeit a pretty solid-feeling plastic one -RRB- , a wrist rest , a mouse pad , and some feet to adjust the angle . The notion of having negative tilt for ergonomic reasons is a noble one
 Perfect wrist-rest for keyboard/mouse combination . Extremely comfortable , high quality , and good looking too . I can not comment on longevity since it 's been less than 2 months.The only minor drawback
 I spend a lot of time typing and have bad wrists . I need my keyboard to be tilted inversely to how they are normally built . Most keyboard trays offering the inverse tilt are $ 200 + . I bought this and paired it with a flat keyboard drawer and it works great . It 's easy to `` assemble '' and configure to your needs -LRB- left vs. right handed , inverse or normal tilt , different tilt angles -RRB- and inexpensive . I 'm quite happy with my purchase .
 This wrist rest is one of the best products I have ever bought to keep me comfortable for the hours I spend at my desk . It is long enough to span my keyboard AND my mousepad , so I can easily glide back and forth as needed . The gel provides a solid base of support , and the vinyl covering is very comfortable on my skin . Also , the rubber on the bottom keeps it from sliding around . I have had a lot of trouble getting my computer , desk and chair ergonomically adjusted . This wrist rest has been a very positive addition to my work station and I highly recommend it .
 Once you start using this , its hard to go back to before you had it ! This product is hard to find and the only place I found it was at Amazon from a private seller ... got ta have the mouse pad attached , its the only way to go !
 This is a great product . I have an under desk slide out tray for mouse + keyboard . This fits perfectly and replaces a cheaper one that wore out . The one that wore out did n't have the leatherette . It had some sort of black stretch fabric that held dirt and was impossible to clean . The previous wrist gel was n't made by 3M . I must say that 3M does make superior products all the time .
 A wonderful and very comfortable device . I have one at work and searched the web to find one just like it at home . What a pleasure it is to spend time at the computer ! The gel filled wrist rest really eases the stress !
 Amazing product , comfortable beyond belief . I ordered it for my work computer and it is really the best wrist rest I 've ever used . I just ordered a second one for my home PC . Worth whatever it costs ! I would recommend it without hesitation
 This product I was looking in the stores , until now that I found at amazon.com . I love it!I recommend this product to any one that use the computer every day and for a long time .
 After being diagnosed with tendonitis , I 've switched to my left hand for mousing . A therapist recommended this product . I tried it in her office and liked it . I was skeptical about spending the money for a simple wrist rest , but it 's well worth it - the relief was immediate . Do n't bother using the sticky pads for elevating the platform and sticking the mouse pad on the platform . They ca n't be removed and are n't necessary .
 I do like all-in-one products that combine wrist rest and mouse area . This one is great . The gel has n't `` crushed '' or gotten lumpy like so many do and I 've had it more than year now.I did n't use the rubber feet to tilt the rest since I like an ergomonically flat keyboard position . Best for typing and for posture . But having the wrist rest attached to the backboard that goes under the keyboard insures it does n't shift around and that 's perfect .
 This ambidextrous wrist-pad and keyboard/mouse support is well worth the 40-plus bucks . The wrist pad is extremely comfortable and does not transmit the chill from my metal desk upwards -LRB- living in northern climes my past remedy was to duct-tape a towel to the edge of the desk ! -RRB- . Being a south-paw , I appreciated being able to install the mouse pad to the left of the keyboard . They also give you several different keyboard angle options . A well-made product and a cure for the `` chilbins '' winter brings . Highly recommend .
 I got a couple of these at work to alleviate my wrist pain while working on the two computers at my desk . They were great , very comfortable , and helped my wrists a lot . So I decided to buy one from Amazon for use at home . I could n't be happier with it . I would suggest to any of the younger people who might read this to get a wrist guard now even if their wrists do n't hurt yet .
 Complements any setup . Surface of mousepad feels like it might give some people the heebie jeebies but I use a large mouse so my hand never touches
 This wrist rest for the keyboard and mouse is absolutely fantastic ! It is so very comfortable and takes away all the strain and discomfort from typing . In addition , it looks great in my office . Wonderful purchase ! I highly recommend it !!
 I am very please with this keyboard and mouse wrist rest set up . The ability to set up with a reverse tilt -LRB- higher near the user -RRB- is great . Unit is nicely made , easy to clean and comes with good non-skid backing . I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 I was in urgent need of Slide-n-Grip Binding Bars for Report Covers for a project that grew near the end of the deadline date . I found I needed a product to accomodate 32 24lb pages plus to heavier stock covers . Looking among those vendors providing the Bars , I chose a vendor , but did not complete the order , because there was no clear indication of a larger opening readily given . Looking at the supplier from Amazon , every thing was clearly visible . The color was White ; the size I needed , 1/4 '' opening . I received the item in record time , my project looked great . Thanks Amazon .
 These are great ! I purchased these as business card holders that I cut to size for merchandise displays . Someone else who saw me using them , said they purchased them for protecting the edges of glass shelves that were sharp ! This is a great multi-use product that was very reasonable .
 I purchased these to hold together the pages of biographies of fellow classmates for our 45th reunion . They worked great and there are enough to save for our 50th reunion . An inexpensive way to have booklets without trying to find a stapler big enough or purchasing some other means of holding pages together.Firm grip and seems to hold together well .
 A very good cordless phone/answering machine . Handset has a good , rugged feel to it , audio is fine , features are very good . There are many features in the phone and answering machine that you can set to make it work more like you want it . Reception is very good and it does n't interfere with our wireless network.Not so good would be the poor display , limited choices for ringer volume -LRB- one seems too loud , the next too quiet -RRB- , and poor placement of the volume control . Have n't cordless phone designers every used a cell phone ? They could learn much from even an average cell phone 's ergonomics . The wall mount is also poor . It does n't mount flush with the wall , but sticks out from it -LRB- imagine it 's on a shelf , without the shelf . -RRB-
 have always used panasonic and been very pleased . this model did not diappoint.read out is very large and easy to read , sound is perfect , range is great , speaker phone is good and loud , caller id is entertaining -LRB- pronunciation -RRB- . Purchased 4 handset refurbed for about $ 80 great value .
 This is my second unit . These are very durable with great reception . -LRB- I lost the phone to the first unit -RRB- .
 This phone is a good buy - easy to use and can take a beating ! Which is very important to me because I drop the phone quite often .
 This gem works great in high noise environments , great volume without distortion and works with all bluetooth devices .
 These pencils display the New York Giants Logo to a very high standard . The detail is very good and their are no blemishes on any of the pencils . The pencils arrived in a timely manner and I would highly recommend the product for the office or home !
 The rack looks good and works well for the money . The only reason I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it came damaged . It was creased in 3 places . I 'm sure this was done by UPS and it did n't leave the factory that way but perhaps thicker packaging would have prevented it .
 This was a great rack for the money . I 'm using it to display educational materials . I really like it .
 Amazon requested that I review this paper . I use it for my color portraits and specialty note cards . I print with a Canon i9900 and i960 printers . The results are consistently excellent . The texture of the paper is very nice ... a silky , light pebble surface , that shows all the detail in the photo . Prints dry very quickly and seem immune to moisture damage . I have stocked up on this paper , and it looks like it might have been discontinued . Too bad . If you can find it in 8.5 x11 '' then buy it ! You 'll love this product . Looks like I will need to find a replacement soon .
 Perfect !! The mouse pad was exactly what I wanted . It looks like my cocker spaniel . Great product ! The graphics are super !
 I bought this phone to replace an older Panasonic cordless that I had and it works great ! It has a lot of great functions -LRB- like a voice changer and visual cue when the phone is ringing , in case you want to turn the ringer off -RRB- , and the sound is clearer than my old 2.4 GHz Panasonic phone . The answering machince is clear and easy to use . Panasonic phones are the BEST cordless !
 This phone is typical of the engineering excellence that Panasonic displays in general these days . Range is best of any cordless phone I 've used lately . It is easily as good or better than the 900 Mhz GE it replaced with no coverage or interferance issues whatsoever . The answering machine works great with plenty of capacity and with DSS at 5.8 Ghz -LRB- base and handset both -RRB- , security is quite good . Finally , the price is right .
 the sound onthe phone isfat the best findon a phone.lovethe blue color . likethe style of the phone is nice and small the base answermachine smal love theshapeofit notto big some phone.wish this one come inred but color blue is pretty . pansonic isthe best onthemarket.the warrentis greatonthephone.this havetwo years warrent this model.bestcompany that vtech companyvetech suck very bad company . had vetch phone got for walmart take back the phone suck got the pansonic phone qvc .
 Pros :1 -RRB- The phone looks good , takes up very little space on the counter .2 -RRB- We use the intercom very little , but it is pretty straightforward .3 -RRB- We can get clear signal all over our single level home and outside as we take out the trash .4 -RRB- The voice mail interface is nice , because it is easy to delete , repeat and stop messages .5 -RRB- The automated message does n't play , but you can hear the person leaving the message , so you can screen calls .6 -RRB- You can also hear messages from the handset itself .7 -RRB- This phone is very good at detecting and not saving false messages , like when a caller hangs up before the message ends . Our last phone was a Sony , and we would have 2 messages every day that were just disconnect tones.Cons :1 -RRB- the ring tones are abrasive electronic beeps or annoying melodies that are too soft to hear . I would prefer something like a regular phone ring , or least not a bad -LRB- BAD !!! -RRB- MIDI rendition of Beethoven 's 5th symphony .2 -RRB- when you are looking for numbers on the handset 's caller ID , The screen first gives you the name of the caller , and you have to wait for 10 seconds for a number to come up . This is annoying because a lot of people come up as `` Private Caller '' , and you are waiting for the number , and there is no way to speed this along . *** Best Feature *** What we absolutely love is the voice changer . This is awesome for messing with telemarketers or pranking friends and family . You have a high pitch , silly voice , and deep voice . We are yet to tire of this . When you get the telemarketer to hang up on you , you have WON !!!
 This is my 2nd phone from Panasonic . My previous one was from GE and it was nightmare . OK , anyway , this feedback is n't for GE but for this Panasonic phone . People complained about battery life - not an issue for me . I keep my phone away from the base for 4 days with no problem -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . And I did perform massive voice mail check up to make sure no messages are skipped . Every single message was there and there 's no problem with the mic on my phone also . I really hope I wo n't run in to any future problems because I always liked Panasonic . The only con is that this phone is n't expandable ... . but who cares : -RRB-
 After struggling with many other cheap wireless phones that have static , channel problems , and poor sound quality , i took a risk and tried this one . It works great!The sound quality is very good , it even provides a voice enhancer mode . I do not hear static fuzz or fiss.The voice changer is also very fun to call your friends and play jokes on them . The phone is of solid construction and is ergonomic except maybe it has a few too many buttons . I 've never had a problem with the answering machine like other people have had , but who knows if it was just luck ?
 Good solid phone . Great range and the answering machine has been a great upgrade . I have an older model Panasonic phone that is about 6-7 years old and still works great . I got this in the event the older one gives out . The shock resistance is one of the main reasons I purchased this style , but I am very happy with all the other added features I do not have on my older phone .
 this is my 2nd one I purchased . One for my primary residence and one for summer home . Phone works great . no complaints and good reception .
 We have had this phone for 18 months . The sound is great the callers can hear us and we can hear our callers . The previous people that said the sound was lousy must not know how to set the volumn or they had faulty phones . We have gone downstairs and outside , we have an acre and can easliy roam most of the yard while talking . Noone has said they can not hear us . Even my 97 year old mother in law can be heard and better yet she can hear the callers with this phone . The speaker phone is great and I have even used it with a headset without issue . The ring tone is loud enough to hear it ringing 3 rooms away . I like the different ring tones . We have a different ring for my family and friemds so we know who is ringing by the melody or ring . I love the way you can get the messages from the handset and do not have to stand by the main unit . This phone is the greatest . I am about to purchase two more . One for our other line and one for my parents . 10 stars for this phone
 It is a beautiful gold pen . Fits perfect in my hand , slides smooth on the paper surface . It is a great pleasure to write with such a pen.Wander
 You 've got to love GSPs - this is a great Mouse Pad if you are a GSP fan .
 I got this as a gift , along with the calendar . I immediately replaced my old mouse pad with this one and put the calendar where I could see it often . It 's a very thoughtful gift .
 I was concerned this would be a cheap pad , but it 's nice and thick and the image is bright and clear . I 'm very happy with it !
 Perfect for my single bedroom apartment . Assembling it is very easy . Good quality product and very sturdy . I love this product .
 The metal in this product is very well designed steel . The `` wood '' is actually MDF , medium density fiber , which has a kind of wall paper fake cherry finish . It 's durable and quite compact . You need an adjustable chair to fit your particular height to this cart .
 A must for Pomeranian lovers and owners . Bought as an Xmas gift for a friend who owns one , she loved it.Very funny words about them training humans . Priceless .
 Bond paper works really well for the posters I have printed ; hence , I like bond paper more than other papers . One advantage of the bond paper over the glossy one in our building is that the big fluctuations of temperature from the air conditioning -LRB- intense heating in winter , intense cooling in summer -RRB- tend to make posters printed on glossy paper highly curved . After entering in my building as I returned from the holiday vacations last winter , I found many of the glossy posters bent with several of them lying on the floor . The bending had created enough stress to pull out the pins from the bulletin boards ! However , the posters on the bond paper were unaffected . A small disadvantage of the bond paper is that , sometimes in posters with dark backgrounds , and this can depend on your printer and the colors used to make the posters , you may see a few lines left from the printheads as they were printing the poster . Not a really serious problem , but if you are a perfectionist , you will not like it.I certainly recommend this paper . It prints lots of posters and its price is great . However , before you buy it , make sure that your printer can take such a thick roll .
 These highlighters are very high quality . They last a very long time and are very sharp looking on your work . Highly recommend this product !
 the ink bleeds thru the page sometimes so you have to remember not to push down to hard , but otherwise the colors are bright but not obnoxious
 I really like these highlighters . I use them for a variety of applications at work and around the house . These have bright fluorescent colors that are rich and bold and do n't fade . The ink flows smoothly and constantly and is non toxic which is always good . The ink also does n't bleed into any paper underneath which is a plus . I 've used highlighters that bleed and it 's very annoying . I love the color assortment - yellow , pink , blue , green , and orange . I 'm very satisfied .
 I love it . I 've used lot 's of highlighter in the past -LRB- I 'm always losing them -RRB- , but these feel comfortable.Even when you highlight text printed on inkjet printers , it picks up some of the black but barely transfers it back when you highlight something else . Very happy with them .
 These highlighters are perfect for my medical school reading . They are cheaper on Amazon than in the store with free two-day shipping .
 I have n't really had any problems with them except for the fact that the green is really dark and soaks through the page ... All the other colors work great -LRB-
 The colors stand out great -LRB- like a highlighter should -RRB- . Minus 1 star because I found them to be a bit too &#34; wet &#34; and will soak through a page when highlighting . Other than that they serve their purpose !
 I was looking for highlighters that would not leave heavy highlighting and these seem to be working very well for this purpose .
 Works great , and a good price . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone . I will definitely use this product again
 I am using these for highlighting and color coding my homework and text books . Package arrived on time and without damage .
 Why are Bible pages so thin ? Well , probably because there 's a lot of them . That being said , you 're looking at the best highlighter I 've found for highlighting thin-paged Bibles without much bleed-through or reverse-page-visibility . Pretty subtle version of a neon tone , but I 'm a big fan overall .
 Needed these asap for a project and got them in time and just what I expected ! Great highlighters and like that all colors are in one package !
 Why are people so down on these ? I mean , they 're less than $ 2 and they do the job . One thing I hate about highlighters is when they are either too dark so you ca n't read what you 've highlighted , or when they bleed through the page . This is perfect because all five colors , even the blue and pink , do n't do either .
 They shipped these to me next day ! Awesome ! I did n't even request it . What can I say ... they work great ... they arrived in time for class ... and the service was awesome .
 I like the bright colors and the chiseled pen tip , but i have to keep replacing them ... They do dry out quickly if used often , so now i keep them upside-down in my pencil cup to keep the tips moist . Luckily , they 're inexpensive .
 These come in a lot of colors . But it.doesn ' t do me much good as they dry up within a week or two of normal use & even quicker if I use them more . I think I 'll stick with my sharpies .
 I love Bic highlighters !!! The tip design is so useful . If held one was it makes a thicker line . The other way , it is a fine line . Can be used both for highlighting and underlining . This was a great deal for the price !!!
 I go through so many highlighters and this purchase was great . Nice and bright and a great price for 12 .
 Needed colored markers , found them as a `` deal '' , placed them in my wish list and used them in combination with another purchase to have free shipping .
 I love the BIC Brite Liner highlighters ! They have a thin chisel tip so you can choose the thickness of the highlights . I like to write with highlighters also , and its very easy to write with them ! They do n't take up much room and I like the assortment of colors . I would recommend buying these , unless you only highlight on double printed papers .
 I had the same Bic highlighters for years and I used to buy them from Walmart . I am not a heavy user of highlighters so the old ones I had last for 2 years . I ordered new ones because I lost one color of them . When my order came I was a bit disappointed because they are not the same quality as what I had before . The touch on the paper is not as soft and comfortable , and the colors seem not as bright . Now I start worrying about how long these can last -LRB- as the other reviews mentioned , not very long -RRB-
 These slim highlighter pens are very clear and bright on paper . However they tend to die out within a few weeks of light use . Also , once opened , they 'll last about 3 or 4 months before drying out completely.But no worries , get yourself a new pack for 2 bucks !!
 I like the color and brighten of these hightlighters , makes my lecture more entreteined and hightlight perfectly like I want . thanks Amazon . Luz
 These are great brite highlighters and I like the size better than the large ones , plus they clip on my book .
 These highlighters are great . I love the colors . I use these at work . I work in an elementary and have students use these when we work on our vocabulary words . They highlight the words and the defintions . It makes learning fun for them . They can choose the colors . The words and definitions are usually seperate colors .
 I like these because they are small highlighters . I kind of with that it would have said something in the description though .
 Very vibrant highlighters . Fast shipping and great price . Now I can highlight away at work without worrying about running out of color .
 I puchased these liners for work and boy do n't they come in handy . Good longivity to them and a good price plus they qualify for free shipping
 i got these not expecting to do as much highlighting as i did , but they ended up drying out kinda fast because of that . they did mark quite a bit in the time they were usable .
 This is a color ful item I got h I g h l I g h t e r lol
 Not the best highlighters in the world , but at five for under two bucks , I really ca n't complain . They last me several months , and I use them quite often at work .
 These highlighters are GREAT ! However , I do have an a minor issue with them.Some colors seem to give off much more ink than the others . I do n't know what the issue is , but it is very noticeable on paper ! Other than that , I have had no issues with them !
 My daughter is in college so it is nice to find a deal like this . She loves the size of these because they do not take up so much room in her pencil case .
 I still like to use hard copy books and manuals and having a highlighter handy makes for easy review and study later.This is the perfect pack of highlighters . Five different colors is more than enough unless you are trying to make all your pages look like a 60 's psychedelic dream.I know yellow is considered to be the essential highlighter color and some of the other packs come with extra yellow highlighters , but I find that I use orange the most so this multi pack works great for me , I do n't end up with a bunch of extra yellow pens laying around.The `` Chisel-Tip '' highlighters are the easiest to use . It allows you to use the broad side to highlight full blocks of text or turn the pen 90 degrees to use the fine edge to underline text or long passages.They are just highlighters ... But this is my favorite pack of them ...
 The BIC pens are great for highlighting , but this set just did n't seem to hold up for very long . Given normal use , I used to get these to last at least a month -LRB- each pen -RRB- . Pens in this set lasted less then 2 weeks ! Go figure .
 I could have run to a store , but wanted to save time . It 's not necessary to get this sort of items via Amazon , but it may be a good idea when you have 20 other things to buy for your kids and want to save time .
 I think these highlighters are great . I just wish the blue , green , and orange were lighter . Other than that , these are great .
 I use these on a daily basis at my job . At first they seemed to be the best but I 've noticed that recently they seem to stop working or dry up quickly . BIC is known for quality to hopefully they improve these soon as I do like the BIC brand for sure .
 This is a great assortment of colors of highlighters . They are slim which I really like and very bright colors . They are cheaper here than in the store too . Perfect for highlighting notes and for using with word searches .
 The highlighters have bright and have great highlighting capability ; however , they run out of ink pretty quickly -LRB- after ~ 2 weeks of usage -RRB-
 This is a cheap and effective product , the highlighter head is very narrow but then again you 're not trying to outline 2 lines at once are you ? there are 5 bright and fun colors and I 've already gone through my yellow and orange one . I prefer these over the thick yellow highlighters .
 I bought two packs of these . One for each of my teenagers . The five pack is excellent for what they need and the value is good as well .
 I bought these because of the design . Most highlighters are short and flat , but this one is more like a pen . I have n't had any problems with my green one because I do n't use it very often . For being a highlighter , it is very dark and it usually soaks through the page .
 I do n't know where the negative reviews are coming from . Although I did n't buy these on Amazon , they are the same thing and the quality is great ! I have had mine for a while and they have never dried out or leaked . I like the array of colors and the fact that I can use one color for each class , making my planner easier to read . I just bought another pack today to make sure I 'm stocked . Affordable , good quality , and has ever let me down !
 As a previous reviewer said theses are very much like pens and are a pleasure to use . They give a consistent quality on the paper and they have never ended up with mess on my hands . Now if they would make them a little less bright I might be able to stop the children taking them : -RRB-
 The tip design is so useful . If held one was it makes a thicker line . The other way , it is a fine line . Can be used both for highlighting and underlining .
 I am constantly highlighting texts , both for school and personal use . I have tried various highlighters over the years , and the yellow Bic Brite Liner is far and above my favorite . In case you are a little confused by the various ways Bic Brite Liners are described on the many different options available from Amazon -LRB- I know I was -RRB- , you will receive a total of 72 highlighters in two different boxes of six packs -LRB- 36 highlighters per box -RRB- with this particular product . Since I recently spent around $ 5 dollars for a single six pack -LRB- like the ones inside each box -RRB- , I can say that this is definitely a GREAT DEAL . Note
 I like the colors so much and also they are very good very shiny and they work very good .
 Great products - just the highlighters I needed for my college reading and studies . They work light charms giving me the reminding moments I require .
 This BIC highlighters are great ! For almost $ 2 , it is a great buy . I am in college and I constantly need to highlight words , these do the job very well ! Thank You !
 These are great . Just ordered my second box.I had been using a nicer sharpie highlighter where you could see the liquid in the grip . . which were nice but ran out pretty fast for $ 5 for 2 . Ordered these figuring they 'd be crap and I was going to have to spend 5-10 $ / month on highlighters but I was wrong . The green is too dark but I still use it , and for $ 2 you ca n't beat these.Great if you 're doing excessive amounts of reading .
 I read a lot of books to review and I highlight every one whether it is highlighting in the Kindle Fire highlighting feature or in a paper book using a BIC highlighter . When it is a paper book I use multiple colored highlighters . Yellow for people 's names , pink is for a main item within the storyline , orange is for major quotes or possibilities for titles of the review . I have used highlighters for as long as I can remember and I use them up pretty quickly . Each drawer in the house seems to have a handful of various colors.I have taken a photo of some of the main colors that I have used and BIC is about the best you can get . They are good and bright colors with a broad tip that allows you to highlight the entire line or to use the fine tip to just underline some words . I like the pocket clip as I clip them onto the top of my briefcase or portfolio whichever I am using to store them for the next book I read.Regardless of whether you are studying for school or work or just reading a book to review they are handy tools to have around . I recommend them to you .
 Not much to review about highlighters . Does what it 's supposed to , trusted BIC quality , good colors , and last a long time . Also inexpensive .
 it 's a new try for me of just buying one small thing online . i discovered it ads by accident and then ordered . Things are great .
 For the price you just ca n't beat it and they colors are super bright which helps me pick out good information from bad .
 Have n't had these very long but so far , so good . Bic is a brand I 've trusted for many years , so we 'll see . A + + + + + shipping
 My wife uses these markers and seems very pleased with them . . that maeans I 'm very pleased with them ...
 The Polycomm Wireless Lapel Microphone works as advertised - we can walk quite far away from the SoundStation 2 we use and callers can easily hear us over the lapel mic . Works great for company meetings when the room is filled with people , a bunch more have dialed in , and the speaker is wandering around the room.We had an initial problem where the receiver indicated it was receiving a signal from the wireless mic , but the microphone seemed not to be picking up any sound.It turned out to be a menu setting on the SoundStation 2 that needed to be changed
 I originally wanted a Mont Blanc , thinking they were the best . I took a trip to a store selling luxury pens and tried several out . I was drawn to the style of the Waterman Carene line - its beautiful ` marble ' texture and sleek lines . Well , one quick sample on a memopad and I was sold . The ink flows on paper like velvet . If you prefer a weightier pen , this is the one for you . By the way , the color of the Amber Shimmer Rollerball Pen is not maroon , as advertised . It really is amber and actually resembles tortoiseshell . One recommendation
 It was hard to rate this pen . First of all , it is gorgeous . I bought it for myself after owning several Waterman ballpoint pens . Taking it out of the box and putting it to paper was a huge let down . The ink flowed anything but `` velvety smooth '' . It literally wrote worse than a 10 year old bic pen from my junk drawer ! The lines were not smooth , but rather a little blotchy at first , then trailing off to barely visible on a longer line . I could hardly believe this lack of quality in the cartridge . I 've since read some reviews of the Waterman rollerball refills and this seems to be a consistent complaint . Waterman - get your act together ! This fine pen deserves a quality cartridge . One other reviewer said the Pilot G2 gel refills fit Waterman pens . I ordered a few and will update my results later . In the mean time , I took the cartridge from my cheapo Bic Velocity Gel 0.7 pen and put it in the Waterman . It fits . And ... it writes beautifully ! 100 times better than the Waterman cartridge . So , in reality , I would like to give the pen itself 5 stars , and give the cartridge zero stars .
 I bought this for my 6 year old son who number one loves magnets , number two loves monkeys , and number three loves rockets . So it was a perfect combination . He has taken them to school for show and tell and I have had other moms ask me where he got them because thier child wanted one . The monkeys are quite comical and they serve their purpose . The only reason I gave the toy 4 out of 5 stars is because I was disappointed at how small it was . I guess I never read the dimensions , but it is only about 6 inches tall in total . However , this did not bother my son at all !
 I do n't know why - but the monkeys that came with this crack me up . I do n't think they would stand up to a whole lot of bending as their little legs and arms are kind of scrawny ... but otherwise it is a neat little toy .
 I puchased this toy for my 5 year old grandaughter , she absolutely loved it and her 7 year old brother wanted one . They both love magnet toys so they had lots of fun adding other toys to create `` monkey moonscape '' . I have ordered another for her brother and would use this as a birthday gift for their friends .
 I love these guys ! They are cute , full of energy and fun ! I have on my desk at work - which made my kids mad and my fellow co-workers jealous . I bought them on a whim after seeing them on Amazon.com - I could n't resist!They get re-arranged all the time with no signs of wear or tear .
 This was a Christmas present for my son who is 18 . He loved it and we all took turns playing with it . The faces on the monkeys are adorable . The ship is pretty cool too . This will be a keepsake for him and a stress relieving toy for him . He really loved it .
 These monkey benders are so cute and fun to play with . I love the retro rocket they came in . It 's a fun toy that brightens up my cubicle .
 We use this a ton for conference calling in our large conference room . They were compatible with the phone we already had and we love them : -RRB-
 It 's got a cute picture/saying -LRB- which you can tell are good quality on the product -RRB- and is a good quality mousepad . Unlike some of the cheap ones , it 's thick and made with a good material . I can see this lasting a long time before it even looks worn .
 i got two of these . i love love love them . i had been using rolerball mont blancs but they are a -LSB- ... -RSB- when you lose them -LRB- since no one is going to give it back if its found and you just dropped $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and the way they write depends more on the style you use . I have a refill for a ballpoint in my desk right now that i hate . i was looking for classy but not pretentious . and this is a great one . i also got a ball point in another tortoise shell type with silver and i got their mechanical pencil which i also love in terms of size and hand fit but it is not the leonardo pencil by mont blanc . probably my favorite writing instrument . but for everyday carefree use , these monteverde rollerballs are fantastic .
 We have been using and selling Many of these goldstar Tagging devices and I feel they are as good or even better Than Avery -LRB- best selling taggers in the marker -RRB- specially for the price its being sold on amazon . more than half the price of Avery Dennison taggers .
 I bought this phone a while ago and am still using it . The range is good . Figuring out the menu/options is pretty easy . It 's reliable and has good battery capacity . All in all , a good phone .
 Crystal clear audio with great range . This is simply the best cordless phone I 've ever used . Text screen lights up well when a call comes in and easy to see the caller ID . The handset is much lighter in weight than others I 've used and the battery life is excellent ! This is the one to buy . You will not be disappointed .
 the phone is a good quality , but the logic behind the controls and menu scrolls -LRB- previous callers and addresses -RRB- is a bit awkward
 The phone does everything well that it is capable of doing but not having speed dial feature it is difficult to use a phone card feature , possible but difficult .
 To get the big stuff out of the way , I love the phone . There 's only one little thing that just does n't seem logical for me . On the base of the phone is an `` in use '' display . My left brain tells me that if somebody else in the house is using a different phone , the light would go on so that I know the phone line is `` in use '' by that other person ; also , that 's how my previous phone worked . But no , on this phone the `` in use '' light goes on when I pick up the handset and make a call . Follow my logic about these two questions
 We needed a new cordless phone and read the reviews here and elsewhere . Decided on this phone and have n't been sorry . The sound is clear and strong -LRB- not a lot of static even out in our back yard -RRB- , and even after dropping it on the concrete once it still works like new.The speakerphone feature and jack for hands-free use are icing on the cake.You are done looking , buy this phone .
 I bought this phone for my Father . It is the third or fourth cordless phone that I have bought him in the last year . He hated all the rest and we gave them away . He really likes this phone its very clear and it was the cheapest of all the phones I bought for him .
 I have * fallen in love * with this phone since I bought it a week back . this is at the lower end of the panasonic 5.8 ghz line of models.These are the reasons I like the fone * 5.8 ghz which will not interrupt with my wi-fi networks * Handset speakerphone - Very good quality * 3-4 monotone and 3 music ringers -LRB- can be customized for callers -RRB- * Handset light indicator - 3 colors - again can be customized for callers - Useful when you want silent option * Excellent range and call qualityIt does not have the following features * Dual Keypad * Ringer for base * Answering machine * Caller id announcement * and some moreThese do not bother me since I knew what I was buying . Obviously if you need these there are higher end panasonic models that you can go for .
 Good phone , sounds great , speaker is clear and loud , worth the money , good range , 4 hour conference calls no problem , headset also TOK , Easy to use - buy this phone .
 Home phones do n't get a lot of hype these days since many people are converting to cell phones , but if you are n't addicted to your cell just yet , this is the best option for home use.The recepiton is clear and the phone is easy to use . An orange backlit display is easy to read and easy on the eyes . Features such as an address book , speakerphone , and handset locator are all present as well.My favorite feature is the color-coded Caller ID system . Numbers can be programmed to flash red , yellow , green , or a pattern of the three . This way , you can be sitting across the room and just glance over to see if it 's your parents , your girlfriend , or the doctor 's office . There are also many different ringtones to choose from that can be applied just like the color-coded bars.The phone comes not only in silver , but also in white -LRB- which I have -RRB- . This system is not expandable , but considering the good range of the phone and the small size it is possible to just stick this one in your pocket or on your belt -LRB- a clip is included -RRB- and port it around the house.This is definitely a good phone , and a good value for the money . Panasonic builds reliable products -LRB- I have a 25 year old Panasonic VCR that still works ! -RRB- so I 'd imagine this one will last me for a good while .
 This phone has all the features I could want
 Update
 this phone works great , a concern I had was battery life - but that seems to be fine . I use this with a VOIP system and the clarity is perfect . Also no interference with my wireless or other stuff
 Reception very clear . Easy to set up the features . REally like the fact that the antenna lights up when an incoming call comes in because I like listening to the radio and sometimes I play it alittle loud . I also like the assigned ring tones this way everyday calls can be identified just by ring tone . This way if I am busy and a call comes in let 's say from my neighbor I know that I do n't have to drop everything my caller id is also another plus . It will take awhile to set everything up but in the long run it will be to your advantage .
 I am very pleased with the phone clarity and range . I was looking for a phone that would work with a network setup and not interfer . My last phone was a Uniden 5.8 GHz EXI 5160 and that phone was a waste of money . It did n't last longer then a year . The battery would no longer hold a charge and I could not walk around my house without getting interference and going out of range . I highly recommend the Panasonic KX-TG5421S 5.8 GHz to anyone who has been sick and tired of the quality of 5.8 GHz that have been being manufactured . The quality on so many of them has been far worse then 900 Mhz was ! I am able to walk freely throughout my home without losing any clarity or having any range problems and it does not interfer with my Linksys Wireless G setup . And the price is also great !!
 I love Panasonic phones . They last forever , they always have a stylish design , and they are easy to use/program , especially if you do n't like reading manuals -LRB- like me -RRB- . 5 Stars !
 Has really lasted through the use of two kids and holds a great charge . Clear reception throughout the house , even in the basement . I 'm looking to get another .
 I bought this phone thinking it was like the rest but was I wrong . It has alsome features and great sound . The main thing I like is you can carry the phone any where and the speaker phone is on the phone . Hey , I had my doubts but after useing this phone a couple days now it 's A great buy , let 's say as long as you do n't drop it , but you do have a year warranty .
 Excellent voice quality . The voice mail indicator is easy to see from across the room . I already had the dual-handset version ; when it came time to replace a third cordless phone , there was no question that it would be this model .
 We used this phone with Vonage VOIP . The phone has plenty of features , and is very clear . We have traded this one in for a new Panasonic set that has multiple handsets .
 Works very well . Good features . Speaker feature is great . Only con
 I am very happy with this phone . The Panasonic KX-TG5421S 5.8 GHz DSS Cordless Phone with Caller ID is a great phone for those who do not want too much complication in setting it up . I really like it !
 I 've bought so many cordless phones over the years I 've lost count . This model really fits the bill on the elements most important to me -- great features , long lasting battery , clear reception , and easy to use . I do n't know if I even had to glance at the user guide -- the buttons are very intuitive . At first I was concerned about the smaller size some reviewers mentioned -LRB- somewhere between a regular phone and a larger cell phone -RRB- but it 's turned out fine -- and with the speakerphone feature , I can switch to ` hands free ' and back so easily . In fact , I purchased a headset to use with this phone but have n't used it at all . I like the caller ID and voice mail integration features , as well as the speed dial and phone book system . Again , the buttons are easily identified and the programming makes sense so I use the features frequently ! I am a pretty loyal Panasonic buyer when it comes to electronics but I think this is the first phone I 've ever had of theirs . It was a smart purchase . Great value for the cost and a great product !!!
 The phone works very well indeed -- and has a lot of useful features such as ` remembering ' incoming calls like a cellular phone . It is easily programmed -- and has particularly good reception .
 Outstanding unit . Clear as a bell reception , even at the other end of the house from the base unit . My only regret is that I did n't buy the model with extra phone -LRB- s -RRB- so that I could replace other wired phones in my house .
 This phone has great sound , and the display is easy to read . The only slightly annoying thing is the fact that if you have more than one in the house -LRB- we have two -RRB- , the voice mail indicator gets `` confused '' . If you pick up your messages from one phone , the other one shuts off its blinking light but it still says `` voicemail '' on the screen . But that is not enough for me to ding it a whole star . We 've dropped the handset a few times onto hard wood floors , and it still works perfectly . We 've got a cheapo headset for hands-free operation , which is slick as well . All in all , a nice little unit .
 Overall I really like this phone . The sound quality is especially good and the battery seems to last forever off the charger . There is one small defect . The bottom row of buttons -- * ,0 , # -- do n't fit properly and stick a bit sometimes . I think it will `` break in '' over time .
 The sound quality and the range on this phone are very good . The base is compact and does n't take up a lot of room . It has your basic options for ringer , phonebook , etc. . . The phone handset is pretty small and it can be a pain if you have your hands full and are trying to balance the phone against your ear and shoulder . Takes some practice to keep it from slipping back or forward . Other than that , I 'm very happy with this phone .
 This phone has worked very well . The voice mail alert feature -LRB- flashing light on handset -RRB- is convenient . It eliminates the disadvantage of voice mail over traditional answering machines ; that is , having to pick up the phone to check for phone messages.The range is much better than my previous GE phone.The sound quality is fine over the handset or speakerphone .
 For the price I got this at it had every featured I needed and long range .
 I have had problems for years with cordless phones . Either the reception was poor or my calls get dropped . This phone is absolutely perfect . Excellent quality . Easy to program with just enough bells and whistles.I read all the reviews before purchasing the phone . All the reviews are accurate . I am extremely satisfied with my purchase . The only thing missing is the answering machine .
 i like it lights up when a call comes in , for the price you cant go wrong.only negative would be reviewing calls that you missed
 This phone has a nice sturdy feel , a modern look , a good range , and good sound quality . The colors and lighting are attractive , the buttons are clear and easy to understand , and the speaker phone works pretty good . The only problem is that my brain moves faster than the phone can accept my typing , sometimes resulting in a mis-dialed number . If you have a bit of patience you probably wo n't have this problem but for those Type A frenetic types like me , it may be something to consider . Without shopping around , I 'd say I 'm satisfied .
 I know it says 4x8 '' but I did n't realize that the actual fillable area would be that small . I think I would have preferred to have a bigger envelope . It 's not the descriptions fault , I just did n't think .
 I usually buy these type of envelopes on ebay but I saw that the price was better on amazon . It took a while to receive them but they work pretty well for the price . I really like that the tacky side sticks so well . I usually have to add more tape to feel comfortable that it is going to stick .
 These bubble mailers are lightly padded on the inside , these bubble mailers are what you 'd expect . I got a box of 901 tricolor hp printer ink in one . It fit and did not rip . I felt it was secure and protected from all but crushing . I am satisfied that I got what I paid for .25 # 000 4x8 KRAFT BUBBLE MAILERS PADDED ENVELOPES 4 x 8
 These mailers are good quality . The self sealing tabs worked great too . An excellent buy . Comparable products at my local OfficeMax , Post Office and UPS were much more expensive .
 We do a lot of shipping and these make the perfect mailers . You are not going to fit much more than a deck of cards in these so please take note of that . They are perfect size for anything small though . I like the price and the quality is great . I will buy again .
 Great for shipping small items , sturdy and seals well . Have not had any issues with this product , and it seems to offer a good deal of protection as well . Great for mailing items via USPS 1st class
 I have ordered from this company a few times now and have always been extremely satisfied . The product is exactly as described and I received my order very quickly and each order has been completely accurate . I plan to continue to use this company in the future and highly recommend them !
 Quality Product , Fast Shipping and Reasonable Price ! Another Satisfied Customer . I would recommend this product ! Perfect size envelope for mailing small pieces . The envelopes can be cut to size for mailing smaller items .
 Bubble mailers are nicely made & good thickness . Good size for sending jewelry or other smaller parts like Lego etc. . . They would hold multiple smaller pieces with no problem-as they are about the size of my hand -LRB- a normal women 's hand-inside packing area wise -RRB- long & wide . They are easily sealed . Envelopes are blank on outside-so you 're able to customize them as needed for mailing . I got 4 boxes of these & each came in a small brown packing box inside the larger order box-which makes it nice for storage . Was shipped quickly .
 They have a simple job to do and they do it well . None have come open/apart in the mail yet .
 Good packaging and will use to send out sports cards . You can not find these in regular shops ... only the # 0 .
 I needed to ship some usb sticks and these envelopes were great size for that . Sticky side works to create a proper close .
 These have been perfect to mail first class USPS weight items ... protects well and handy size ... good price for the quantity ... much better value than buying one , or even 5 at a time at stores ...
 Very happy to receive my package of mailers . They are good quality for mailing my small Etsy shop items and I loved the pricing on these ! Along with the scale for estimating postage , the tape for applying labels , and the pricing of USPS postage from Etsy ; I have significantly reduced the individual costs of my envelopes while saving myself drives to the Post Office !
 The Bubble Mailers that I bought were delivered promptly to me and have so far done everything that I thought that they would do when I ordered them so I do like what I received with this order .
 Just the right size for my needs . Easy to use . Protects my products and makes mailing so easy . Will purchase again .
 These were cheap , nicely padded , and super easy to seal . You ca n't stuff them a whole lot but , I did not need them to be big and bulky . They did just what I needed them to . I will buy again .
 we need the items for mailing so they will be perfect for the small stuff . I am going to be ordering again
 First off , yes these are smaller envelopes then you might expect . I purchased them since I sell sports cards on ebay and I must say they are PERFECT for that use . Nice padding , dont see any quality issues , and they fit cards -LRB- in their protective cases -RRB- perfectly . Ive used them to send 6 cards at once , all in cases , and they fit just fine . Again , they are a bit on the smaller size but if your looking to send small items , and especially sports cards , these are the best ive found.Great item .
 I ship a lot of little things , these little bubble envelopes are the perfect size and certainly at a great price too !
 I have purchased these envelopes four times for mailing small items . They are the best buy around . You get 2 for $ 1.00 at the dollar store and this really beats that . Great envelopes , come fast .
 I use these envelopes to ship sports cards . They are small , but for a baseball or football card these are a perfect size . My printed labels fit perfectly on here too . I 'll definitely buy these again when I run out of envelopes !
 These padded envelopes are about a tenth the cost in a retail store and were every bit as sturdy as regular ones . That and the fact that finding 4x8 are hard to find in retail locations made this an ideal buy . The flap on a few of the envelopes was slightly torn , but since I use packing tape anyway even on retail bubble mailers , this was only a very minor inconvenience . I would definitely buy from them again . I would however give it 5 stars if it was Prime eligible .
 Product arrived in a timely fashion . Will be useful for mailing smaller items that would rattle around in a larger mailer . Thanks !
 These padded mailers were the most cost effective I could find at the # 000 size . They are well padded and have great stickum to hold the flap closed . The only thing I was unhappy about was the size was a hair smaller then standard # 000 . The inside ran from 3.75 '' - 4 '' and the inside length was 7 '' . It was tight for what I was shipping but it worked . Overall these are nice mailers and when I need more I will buy them here .
 I sell hair accessories on Etsy and these are the PERFECT size for shipping hair tie sets and hair pins . The seal is secure and the paper is think enough to protect the items inside without adding bulk .
 These do great for protecting ! I could maybe worry that the seal may not be strong enough on its own but I wouldnt dream of not taping my envelopes anyways so it doesnt make a difference to me ! GREAT DEAL !
 These envelopes by Kraft have bubble wrap inside to make whatever you 're mailing get to its destination safely ! I use these to mail small beauty products like lip gloss , lip sticks etc. . They are self adhesive all you have to do is peel and stick make my live very easy .
 I 've heard scary stories about cheap mailers coming apart and such , but I have been so so so very happy with these . I 've purchased them twice now from two different sellers here , and they were perfect and exactly the same both times . They are sturdy and have a super strong glue for the seal . I wrap my items in tissue paper to make inserting them into the envelope easier , as plastic baggies tend to stick to the plastic bubble lining pretty badly.Just be careful that this # 000 size is VERY SMALL . You can NOT fit a cd in them , and even the smallest paperback book would be a stretch . I use them to mail earrings , and they are perfect , as they can get me out the door in under 1 ounce , and mail that same ounce for $ 2.00 postage + envelope , making my shipping charges much less than my competitors.Highly recommended for super small items , teeny tiny parts , etc. *** NOT *** recommended if you want to add additional bubble wrap inside , as you 'll never get it to fit in there , or for cd 's , books , or larger items .
 I trade and sell MTG cards daily , so this was perfect . They 're not quite your Scotch or 3M quality , but they 're sturdy and light so a single top-loader in one of these can ship for two first class stamps and save me the trip to the post office . Other mailers I 've used have been heavier and required three stamps , which was wasteful .
 These were exactly what I was expecting , perfect for my needs , and shipped super fast . They are VERY small so make sure this is the size you need or you will be a bit disappointed . Perfect for mailing off collectable coins , small eyeshadow products , lipglosses and other small items . Holds together real well and does n't tear easy .
 This product satisfies my shipping needs for baseball cards . It 's not the thickest padded envelope out there but for the price it does it 's job well .
 What can you say ? Made well - seals well - good quality - would order these again for my eBay business
 These are great for what I plan to ship , jewellery and small things nice and cheap with bubble wrap inside the best deal around I looked !
 These mailers work as well as the ones at the post office that cost 4 or 5 times as much . This is my third time ordering these and I 've had no problem . We use them to ship our sea glass jewelry and beads all over the world and I 've never had an issue !
 I needed this size envelope and these fit the bill!Fast shipment on the item I wanted . Nice to havesuch reliability thru Amazon .
 I bought this not as a business card holder but as a journal binder for the little 6-holed paper . The rings are bigger to hold more paper than the conventional tiny 6-ring binders . It 's perfect .
 I bought this about a month ago to replace my old 900mHz analog cordless phone at home . I do n't use the phone very much at home ; probably about 30 ~ 60 minutes a day . So far , very satisfied with the phone . But here are the things I noticed :1 . Very good sound quality . Hard to tell whether it 's a cordless phone or not . Also , I love the volume control button in the middle which I can easily adjust with my thumb as I talk depending on the volume of noise in the surrounding area . The handset 's ear piece volume control has 3 different levels of volume .2 . Speaker phone feature . Although not full duplex -LRB- I would n't expect that anyway at this price range -RRB- , it works almost flawlessly . Speaker phone feature both at the handset and at the base . Both are very good . The volume level of the handset speaker phone feature has 6 different levels and the base speaker phone had 8 different levels . Also , switching to/from regular handset use with the ear piece and from/to the handset speakerphone feature is very easy ; just press the `` talk '' button to use the ear piece and `` sp-phone '' to use it as a speaker phone .3 . Ear phone jack is also available on the handset . This is also very useful .4 . The key pad on the base is also very handy . I can use the base as a phone even if I do n't have the handset , i.e. , if and when I misplace the handset -LRB- although the handset would be easy to find with the locator function -RRB- or if and when the handset 's battery dies .5 . Small foot print of the base is also a plus .6 . Good range . I also tested the range . I walked around the block to see how well it worked in the neighborhood . With a clear view to my house -LRB- wooden structure -RRB- , I could be about 100 steps away and still get a clear reception . When multiple buildings were in between , the range was only about 30 ~ 40 yards -LRB- my guess -RRB- . But from inside of my detached garage , there was no problem at all . I think I should be able to use this phone from inside of my neighbor 's house , which is located about 20 feet away from my house .7 . Answering machine is simple to use .8 . Battery life is shorter than my old analog phone . My old analog phone , on stand by , lasted about 2 weeks . I think this one lasts about a week on stand by .
 This is the third cordless phone I have bought in a month . The first , a Motorola , had terrible echoes and sound . That one went back . The second , a GE , was fine , for the first three weeks . Then the answering machine shut down erasing all the messages every time I put the phone in the cradle . That one went back . I 've only had the Panasonic a couple of days , cut so far so good . The sound is decent , though I would like the handset to be a little louder . But everything else works and I have to admit , the talking caller ID is pretty cool . Hopefully this one will keep working.Update
 Great phone wish it could take more sets
 Has everything -LRB- more than I need in fact -RRB- and the speakerphone works great .
 This product was exactly what I was looking for and the decription on the Website was accurate . The frames I ordered were delivered quickly and the product was in perfect condition . Would definitely use this vendor again .
 I did alot of research before I purchased this phone . I 've had it going on a month now . there 's nothing I do not like about it ! . You can even turn off the featured beeps that let you know you have messages waiting . The sound quality is exceptional . Everything this phone has to offer is well worth the price . I especially like the monitor feature . I have a little one .
 Of all the things in life that i 've bought this is one of the greatest!I love everything about this phone.The orange backlight means i can actually see everything!And I 'm not technical at all but have figured out how to do everything with this phone.When someone calls i just transfer that name and number into the phonebook without having to do the text thing ... the hard way.I got an extra handset that is great too.Holding a phone to my ear is now a thing of the past.I press speaker when i answer or dail the phone and can just hold it and talk.Can walk around the house , cook , put it down and talk and I can hear just fine and so can the other person.It 's never had any static or hollow sound.People ca n't even tell it 's cordless.This phone is so great I would have even paid more for it if I 'd have known ahead of time how great it was.Everyone whose come to my house and seen or used it has also gone out and bought one.Well worth the money and a fantastic phone ... i love it !!!
 My family has gone through more phones than I care to count . This phone is the bomb ! I love it . Great in every way . Clear , easy to use , nice graphics on the screen ... . You name it , it 's great . I recommend to anyone who likes to have a corded phone for those times storms cause power loss .
 This is the best cordless phone kit I have ever had -LRB- I use lots of telephones -RRB- . It came with a base station as well as a remote battery operated digital phone . Both phones are high quality and operate extremely well . One of the features that I like best is the digital quality you get from a phone of this type . If you ca n't hear well because of surrounding equipment noise , this is the phone for you . Just turn up the phone volume until you can hear clearly . I have had no transmission/receive problems when used within my home/office , and they both operate as advertised . My advice , do n't waste your money purchasing poorly designed , inexpensive telephones . These are the best and have most of the useful features you would ever want and should serve you well for many years.Dana D.
 My descision of purchasing the Uniden TRU8888 was based on the user reviews I read . I 'd have to say they are right on the money in explaining what to expect . My family has used the phone for approximately 1 month and we think it is great . The clarity and reception is the best I have ever had in a phone . Though we have never used a 2.4 Ghz phone system this 5.8 Ghz is unbelievably strong and clear.The only draw back is that the main station can not be atached/hung on the wall but rather used only on a desk/table . The volume of the ringer on the main base should have a MEDIUM choice rather than just Low and High.The cordless phone works just as great and the fact one can add as many as 10 cordless phones into this system is amazing.I would highly recommend the phone system . I found it well built , reception strong and clarity of voice so very clear .
 This is a high tech telephone that I could connect ... You do n't have to be extremely technical to have this telephone and be advanced in the communication arena .
 We have been using this phone system in our suburban home for about four years . It is excellent . I have added two more headsets , so we have three plus the base . The best part is that the sound quality is so good nobody knows or suspects you are on a cordless . There is no interference from my wifi microwave or anything else in the house . We use the answering machine function and it is great to be able to get messages easily from any of the extensions.I 'm not sure what else to say . We have gone trough a bunch of very expensive phones to arrive at this system . The speakerphones are clear and the phonebooks can be sent from headset to headset or to the base . There are several ringers including one that you can hear but is not too startling.I recommend purchasing without reservation .
 I bought this telephone 4 years ago and am absolutely satisfied . It has been easy to use and the quality of sound is very good . There are more features than I will ever use and I have not had a problem with any of them .
 This thing is great . Pretty short money for what you get . Good answering machine , great land line based phone and great portables . The design of the portables is terrific - nice and compact with none of those stupid antennas sticking out -LRB- Panasonic , are you listening ? -RRB- . Good range for use indoors -LRB- Siemens never got this part right -RRB- . I can use the portables and not get bounced off the net 'cause its 5.8 ghz - terrific.As to the sound quality - well , its terrific , in my view - both the land line phone and the portables . Maybe there was a defect in the unit that someone complained about?My only complaint is that the phone is n't all black but that 's not worth taking a star off is it ?
 I bought this phone to replace a recently purchased Motorola unit with the same basic design and functionality -LRB- corded base , cordless handset , dual speakerphones , etc. -RRB- . The Motorola 's sound quality was so cheap it went right back to the store.The Uniden TRU8888 features a very sleek , attractive design , with a built-in antenna , so there 's nothing sticking up to detract from the streamlined appearance - an extra plus if you have ill-mannered pets prone to nibbling on these things . The speakerphone quality on both the base and the cordless handset is outstanding . The Do Not Disturb button is the icing on the cake . When pressed , it silences the ringer on incoming calls on both the base and the handset , as well as any incoming messages being recorded , which is great if you have the phone right next to your bed and do n't want to be disturbed by the loud ring.With the call screening option , if you 're listening as the call comes in , you can hear the caller 's background environment , as well as anything they might happen to say BEFORE their message records -LRB- thinking they ca n't be heard -RRB- , which is rare with most answering devices in my experience.The quality of recorded messages is sharp and clear , as is the pre-recorded masculine voice on the recorded announcements - a major improvement over the fuzzy , robotic , halting female voice on Motorola 's model.The only thing I would add would be a battery backup for the base so that the answering machine works in a power outage . I 'd also make the redial button a standard key on the base , rather than a soft key . Finally , the up/down buttons on the base -LRB- also used to adjust volume -RRB- are fairly miniscule and might be difficult to push if you have long fingernails.Before the Uniden -LRB- and short-lived Motorola -RRB- purchase , I always went for AT&T ; phones , but after just a few hours of owning this phone I can see I 'll be hooked on Uniden . Besides the superior crafting -LRB- most AT&T ; phones these days have a slapped together appearance with a glued-on logo -RRB- , the functionality and sound quality justify the price .
 I bought this phone to replace my old Siemens 2420 Gigaset which was just horrible . The only reason I kept it was because it would forward distinctive ring calls out the second port -LRB- which I use as my fax -RRB- . The Uniden does not do this but I purchased a device to take care of that . Here is the quick and dirty : Pros : - It works great with my Wireless G network - no outages and no interference . - The size of the number keys on the base set are larger than the model with two wireless handsets . Very easy to dial . This is a big plus as the TRU-8885 model has TINY buttons.-The handsets and base station have their own phonebooks but you can send stored entries to one another -LRB- base to handset , handset to handset , handset to base -RRB- . You can send one at a time or the entire phonebook at once.-Display is large and easy to read.-Speakerphone is loud and clear on both handset and base . People I 've called hardly noticed I was on speakerphone.Cons : - The sound quality of the corded handset sounds a bit `` hollow '' . Uniden claims to use some kind of sound technology to enhance sound quality but I do n't like it . There is no way to turn it off !! Speakerphone sounds great though.-Caller ID is saved on every handset and base . You have to delete them individually from each handset and base . At least there is a delete all option.-You ca n't dial directly from the Caller ID menu because It does n't add the `` 1 '' in front of the area code . All you have to do is hit the '' * '' key and it will add the `` 1 '' . - Ca n't adjust the ring volume on the base and it is LOUD.Overall , I ca n't give this phone five stars because of the cons listed above , but do n't let that stop you from picking this up . It is great if you can live with the loud ringer on the base and the `` hollow '' sound from the corded handset . The cordless handsets sound great . Weird .
 I just received my phone last night and I LOVE it . I never really write reviews until its super great or super bad . . this phone is just awesome.I wanted to counter some of the `` CONS '' that some of the previous reviewers stated .1 . `` Ca n't adjust the ring volume on the base and it is LOUD . `` That 's NOT true . You simply hit the volume on the base when its not in use , and it gives you three options
 I think I 'm going to return this phone . I absolutely love it , and it works great , and I ranked it five stars . However , it 's not working well with my Plantronics CS50 wireless headset . The sound distorts on the headset and will sound sort of like `` alien voices '' in a bad sci-fi flick , and sometimes I get loud feedback . Also , the Plantronics handset lifter barely works with the handset of the Uniden -- there is not enough space to wedge it between the handset and the base . It is working , but it is a bit precarious in that respect.Now , if you 're a normal human being and are n't planning on using this phone with fancy wireless headset and such , it is an excellent device . I had returned a 2.4 GHz phone which had so much static and noise and also caused the wireless connection on my laptop to disconnect . This phone does n't seem to interfere with wireless networking equipment at all -- or suffer ill effects from all of the other wireless devices in other buildings -LRB- I live in a crowded city -RRB- . Also , the clarity on both the corded handset and the cordless phone are excellent . I think it must be the fact that it 's not only in the 5.8 GHz band , but it 's also digital . My best friend called me , and I asked `` who 's this ? '' and I realized that I was thrown off because on this phone , she sounds exactly like she does in person , which I was not expecting.Also , after having reviewed the manual , all of the features were easy to use . The setup and the preferences were easy to configure . Overall , I would highly recommend this product . The only non-intuitive thing was that you have to adjust the volume of the phone itself while your greeting is playing back or something ... otherwise the volume control applies to the volume when you 're on the handset . It was twice as much money as the 2.4 GHz AT&T ; model that I tried at first , and I think it is worth it because it was perfect out of the box.I also love the fact that you have mute buttons on both the corded base and on the cordless handset . Also -- if the line is already in use , it tells you so via a message on the cordless handset or a light on the base . You can change settings on the base remotely from the cordless handset . And the phonebook feature allows you to send the phonebook from base to cordless handset -LRB- I 've seem some reviewers of other phones requesting this feature -RRB- . Overall , a really great device .
 I am quite satisfied with this telephone.Best points :1 . Excellent reception/voice quality using the cordless handset .2 . Despite some of the other reviewers ' comments , I do not think that the corded handset has a `` hollow '' sound .3 . The speakerphone is excellent , although people I am speaking to are aware of the fact that I am using the speakerphone .4 . The other reviewers are incorrect - the ringer volume on the base unit IS adjustable . One simply presses the up arrow or down arrow key just to the right of the display . There are three choices
 I bought this phone to replace a Panasonic 900 mhz cordless with answering machine -LRB- which has been a good phone , but message playback was loosing quality and the handset battery was dying -RRB- that was 8 or more years old.A trip to the giant electronics/appliance store proved to be dissapointing . If we can put people on the moon , why ca n't they make a decent cordless phone/answering machine I was thinking , until I saw the Uniden . I liked it right away because it has a ton of useable features , is expandable to 10 cordless handsets , and the cordless handsets are a manageable size -LRB- slightly larger than a cell phone -RRB- . After bringing it home -LRB- with one extra cordless handset purchased seperately -RRB- , I found a lot more features that I thought were great . In addition , the range is fantastic , farther than the 900 mhz phone it replaced and further than the 2.4 GE that I have in my home office . Sound quality at distance is crystal clear , a feature I liked as I stretched out in my hammock in the backyard with a cigar and a scotch while making some calls that used to be done by cell phone.Other features I found very useful : - global programming features -LRB- set the time on one phone and all the others match it -RRB- . - check and listen to messages from any handset . - distinctive ring tones that can be assigned to frequent callers . - pre-recorded greeting that sounded professional and had great quality -LRB- not a robotic voice -RRB- . - room monitoring - like a baby monitor , but it rings the phone before it kicks in . - intercom dialing between handsets . - all handsets blink a red light if a new message was received by the base unit . - easy to see readouts on handsets and base -LRB- nice dark black lettering on a pleasant orange LCD background -RRB- . - The cordless handsets also have a walkie-talkie function -LRB- you take a couple with you someplace away from home and you can make calls between them -RRB- . - No external antennaes . - Easy to adjust volume of ringer and conversations . - Do not disturb feature -LRB- phone and answering machine still work , but in a silent mode -RRB- . So far I have only found one thing that is missing - when listening to messages the phone does not display the caller ID info for the caller that left the message . My old Panasonic did that and it was a feature that I used often . You can still read the caller ID info , but it does n't automatically display when playing the message . I am still learning the features , but I think that you have to exit the messages , remember what time the message was left , and the scroll through the CID info to find the information . Not a deal breaker for me , but something that I really liked on the old phone.My technophobe wife loves this phone and said I did well in picking it out . My teenage son -LRB- who thinks computers should rule the world -RRB- loves it and said `` these are too cool . '' I 'm somewhere between the two of them and I love the phones as well.I 'm extremely pleased with this purchase . Also , Amazon 's prices are slightly cheaper than the big box stores , and after writing this review I am going to order a couple of more expansion handsets .
 PROS : * The handsets and base have their own phonebooks . You can send the numbers to each handset or to the base . You can send individual numbers or all of the numbers at once to the designated unit . * Excellent sound quality * You can retrieve messages from any handset or from any touch-tone phone while away from home * Good range * The instructional prompts are clear and easily understood * The `` do not disturb '' feature stops both the base and any handset from ringing . * You can disable the audible tone when you have a message . * The corded base unit will work during a power outage.CONS : * You have to set the time yourself instead of the phone getting it from the telephone system . However , it is a global setting and can be done from the base of any handset . * Not wall-mountable * There are not enough menu shortcuts . As an example
 I first bought the UIP1868P version for VOIP -LRB- Voice Over Internet -RRB- phone service.I 'm not sure if it was that phone , the Mac or the Packet 8 -LRB- not Vonage -RRB- technology , but I gave up on that and bought this one . For one thing , if I do decide to try VOIP again , I 'd rather have the router separate so I am not limited to one service provider.Having played with the phone and handset while trying to get the internet service to work , the additional steps to fully set up the system were , not surprisingly , easy.Oh , I shoud admit I am not a phone person . I am probably the only person in Denver metro that does n't own a cell.The functional layout and size of the buttons is logical and easy to use . They have a very nice touch ; you do n't push them accidently and you do n't miss numbers because you did n't push hard enough . I have had my Panasonic for almost 3 years and still have to check the buttons to remember what to push to erase , delete , etc.Since the speaker phone button lights up when on , it 's easy to figure out what to turn off if you want to switch.The steps to do anything are easy to figure out by the LED prompts . The ringer variations seem pretty reasonable . And I like both the Do not disturb and ringer off features very much . Another feature dear to the heart of someone who does not like living in a world of beeps is the option to turn off the tone that is made when you push a button . -LRB- If only I could do that on the microwave ... -RRB- It is a plus for me that corded base will work as a telephone in a power outage . -LRB- My other one wo n't -RRB- I happen to like the orange backlighting . Generally the phone and handsets seem better built than most . I really like the built in angle - seems like someone figured out just the right degree of angle for a desk phone.The next time I go shopping with my 20 something kids , we will take the handsets and use the Direct Link , 2 way radio feature.It is close on the five stars , but I do n't know if it will last ten years , so I ca n't go there . Also would prefer the back plate and buttons on the base were not the same -LRB- silver -RRB- rather than a contrast . It is not as much of a problem as if the handsets were.Factoid someone else might not realize BEFORE trying to deregester an extra handset and reregister it to a different phone . You have to deregister on the first phone . New phone ca n't do that . Then you can reregister to the new phone .4 / 06 Footnote , I did get VOIP to work with Vonage -LRB- so far - great , the telephone marketers have lost me :-RRB- I 'm using the answering machine on the phone rather than their voicemail . Works easier for me .
 Just bought the phone today and I love it.I read a review that said the base ringer volume could n't be changed - that 's what I thought too , but it turns out that it can be changed . Uniden just left it out of the manual , but through a call I discovered if you press the volume up or down button 2 times really quick when the phone is on the hook , it will change the ringer volume .
 I purchased for my grandmother to use . The large keys made it easy for her to use . I would highly recommend purchasing a jack insert that keeps the cord from twisting up . It really helps the elderly should they get all twisted up .
 I used this adhesive to bond a wood 2X10 frame to a stone door frame when installing new garage doors . This stuff dried quickly and achieved an excellent bond . It is very thick and tacky -LRB- as it should be -RRB- , no odor and I was able to fill some 1 inch gaps with no shrinking . If you use a wet finger or rag this stuff spreads like butter , with no drag or stickiness . It has become my favorite construction adhesive . Can be difficult to find .
 Nice 6 pocket file to keep bills , mail , etc in . or to keep one for recipes is very nice . .
 I liked the first one so much I bought another . Great , compact , attractive way to organize !
 The colors serve the intended purpose . I was very frustrated because the metal hooks slide out easily , making filing clumsy . Glue fixed this , but I should n't have to use glue to make them functional . After gluing , they are functional , and I appreciate the different colors .
 My husband used this presentation cover for a resume package -LRB- 12 sheets -RRB- presented before a hiring team at a job interview . The presentation cover is professional and is as described . The flip n clip secures readily and neatly , no matter how many times you open it to secure more sheets . The hiring team 's comments were positive on the presentation . The resume stood out as professional . He did get the job.This product is packaged in a set of 6 .
 I am very picky with stationaries , but I was very impressed with this product . It is a very simple and useful invention . I got my first several at Riteaid -LRB- 2.29 each -RRB- and like to purchase more from Amazon . This can be used not only as report cover , but it has greater use as portable binder -LRB- 25 sheet max -RRB- .
 I received this mechanical pencil as gift . So far I 've been very impressed with how comfortable it is and how well it writes . Best eraser I 've used on a mechanical pencil as well .
 its great only thing is the cord from the head set is a bit short but its really nice and works well
 Our living room is decorated in an old World/Victorian style . When we saw this phone on Amazon we could not believe it . We always joked that `` all we need is an old phone '' to finish the room.It works fine . Just have to remember what end to talk into . LOL
 Works well and looks beautiful . I bought it more for art than any kind of functionality , so that is just an added bonus . Affordable and well worth the money .
 Love it !! It looks and feels so real and works great !!! My grandkids love using it !!! It has great sound ...
 I love this phone . It 's stylish , eye-catching , and fun to use . I took off a star because the cord that connects the headset to the stick is like a nylon shoelace . It 's weird . It should be plastic . But it 's nice anyway , and I recommend this phone highly . Nice loud ringer , great reception , looks great anywhere .
 Great phone and it came early actually !! Thank you for a great transaction .
 Me parece un producto de buena calidad , en madera original , tiene poco peso y eso lo hace m&aacute;s barato de transportar a otro pa&iacute;s . Habr&aacute; que esperar para ver si el color dorado se va a mantener o se va a decolorar . Lo recomiendo .
 I wrote this the day after I got the phone , and now having owned it for about a year , this review deserves a revamp . Any ratings which have changed since version 1 will be noted with -LRB- + / - x -RRB- afterward . Without further ado ... This is , obviously , an old candlestick-style telephone . It comes nearly as pictured , but the silver/chrome is actually brass-coloured plastic . It is of good quality , will last a good deal of time , and the merchant at the time was reliable . What this phone is not is a perfect replica with modern features . It is significantly lighter in weight than the originals , and the handset and mouthpiece are both plastic ; and , of course , it dials with buttons , which are also plastic.Otherwise , this phone includes all of the features mentioned in the description including pulse dialing , although they seem to have made a last minute change on how to implement it
 I 'm pretty retro at heart and prefer the look and feel of old things , but finding working antiques can be difficult and I have little time for trouble shooting problems . I 've seen and own other reproductions , but this is the nicest yet . The base and shaft have a nice satin stain/texture which I prefer . I also like the cloth covered cord . Yes , it 's not a rotary dial but it 's not a true antique and the sound quality is pretty good .
 Me parece un producto de muy buena calidad , el material de fabricaci&oacute;n es tal como lo apreciaba en el anuncio , para los que nos gusta la decoraci&oacute;n estilo vintage es perfecto .
 I got this for my Mom because of the continue power outages caused by thunderstorms . The answering machine phone would go out with the electricity and she had no way of communications . It turned out that she made a center piece of the phone because of the beauty and quality . It has made a elderly lady happy ...
 This phone is awesome . Works and looks great . Can not go wrong if this is what you are looking for . Value for price is great !
 Would have liked it better if it had been a real dial phone phone phone phone phone phone phone phone
 what a great conversation piece and it works too . very nice and it was a great price too . love it .
 I have been using this paper in both cut sheets and in rolls for the last two years . Unlike the previous reviewer , I have found the batches to be very consistent . It is a beautiful paper with good balance and works great with all three of my Epson Printers . I get good range of color and very nice detail . The 300 is too thick for the consumer printers , so I use the 190 when I run panoramas on my R2400 . I find that even between these I do n't need to worry about consistency.I would say that The manufacturer does need to improve their canned profiles . Do n't get me wrong , These profiles do a very good job . But if you can do your own profiles , you will find that the color range this paper can handle is much greater than the canned profiles . Also , a separate profile for B&W ; really makes this paper shine ! It is the best paper I have found for high quality black and white prints.One last note , be sure to set the platen width to wide -LRB- at least on the Epson printers -RRB- ! Otherwise there will be head strikes with the 300 paper.Profiled correctly and with a properly configured printer , you will get spectacular results .
 I have used both the 190 and 300 g versions of Moab entrada bright paper.The color gamut is very good , although it does have some problems inthe greens and red-oranges . Still , the only paper that I have foundthat is competitive in this respect is the Hahnemuhle Photo Rag bright , which also has some gamut limitations , and is twice or more the price . -LRB- I am printing on a 12-color , Canon ipf8100 printer using icc profilesfrom Moab and Andy Biggs . -RRB- The surface texture lends a fine art quality to the images , transcendingmerely the `` photo '' look that traditional photographic `` RC '' papers produce.The right image is essential . High contrast B&W ; does NOT belong on thispaper -LRB- instead try Hahnemuhle Photo Rag Pearl or Byarta -RRB- unless you wanta charcoal or pencil sketch appearance . Landscapes can become truly `` fine art '' in appearance , and wildlife can have a 3-dimensional look -LRB- e.g. the hair or fur -RRB- with excellent resolution of the details.I have not had problems with the surface coating . You can sprayprotecting `` varnish '' -LRB- both moab and hahnemuhle sell cans of this -RRB- , butbehind glass this is not necessary .
 Ilford Paper is a top of the line photo paper . I use it for all of my large format printing .
 I had nothing wrong this this paper , when it came out printed so beautiful ! I loved it . I would buy it again for photo class .
 I have settled on this paper in my Canon Pro9500 especially for my wildlife galley photos for it 's life-like appearance . I like it better than Canon 's semi-gloss for several reasons.First , the texture is smoother . It has the silky -LRB- pearly -RRB- look of fine matte , though it does not look at all flat when printed . Color rendition is spot-on with the 9500 using the freely downloaded Ilford printer profile . While final results vary with different printers , it you are looking for a soft , smooth , satin texture it 's worth a try.Also , the pigmented inks I use tend to show a difference in sheen -LRB- mesmerism -RRB- on more glossy papers . There is a bit of this going on with Canon 's semi-gloss , though it is acceptable . It is almost non-existent with Smooth Pearl.I sell my photos , and feel this is at LEAST as good a quality paper as Canon 's own , or I would not use it . It is heavier and feels good in the hand.Note
 The glue worked well for my application -- repairing a fixture that is quite hot when it is in operation . The glue originally used in construction melted when it was turned on , but this one did not .
 This replaced the exact same one that I used for 16 + years at my work . Hopefully it last until i retire .
 The swivel is designed so that it can not rotate , making it easier than most key holders to attach/detach keys with one hand . With a little practice , it can be done quickly , one handed , without looking . The swivel is plastic , so not sure how it will hold up , but so far so good . Strap may be a little larger than some key holders from the hardware store , but it fits well and looks good on a duty belt or most fairly good sized mens belts . I would buy again without hesitation .
 It was difficult to find a trash can that fit inside my butcher block Island , but this is the one !
 I purchased this for the express purpose of fitting in this island -LRB- that I bought from Walmart , since they had a better price -RRB- : Venture Horizon 4124-11WH Butcher Block Bin Kitchen Island , WhiteIt fits perfectly and is a good sturdy can . By the way , the trash can island is great too , no matter where you buy it .
 This is an excellent cordless phone , the extremely low price was just a plus . I needed something with a cordless module , but also a speakerphone that was clear and did n't sound like you were speaking through a megaphone . The reception is also unbelievable , I have quite a large house and this phone works floors away from the phone cradle ! This product delivered , I full heartedly recommend it .
 This is a good piece of equipment . Battery has lasted almost two years . Speakerphone is as good as new . I have dropped it a bunch of times . I recommend this product .
 Having just bought and installed the TG6700B after hours of research , I thought my preliminary take might be helpful to others.Where I 'm coming from
 Overall I find this phone works well . The progamming features are easy to understand and impliment , the voice clarity is great but ... If you live in old style construction as I do where walls are plaster and lathe , not sheetrock , the signal from handset to base does not carry very well . I have 3 extra hansets of which 2 work exceptionally . This includes the phone that is part of the base unti . The one in my bedroom that is some 20 feet away but with 2 walls in between has an issue with humming and crackling call quality . True , my 3 computers are in the same room but this phone operating on the 5.8 giga hertz band should not cause interference or be subject to interference . I can only conclude -LRB- perhaps the right word is guess -RRB- that the wall materials are such that they block effective transmission of voice and cuase amibent intererence on the line . Mind you , this is not true all the time . . only some of the time . My extension that is situated some 45 feet away in the pantry is clear as a bell until I turn a corner into the kitchen about 4 feet further on . At this point I loose the call altogether . I am not going to pan this product based on the construction quality of my apartment . I am sure this phone will work just as advertised in most situations .
 I was very scared to purchase this phone after reading some of the reviews . However , I needed a new phone system.When I set up the original phone system and the extra handset , I found it to be an excellent product . I have had no problems with the phone . The sound quality is excellent . The portability is excellent , and I have no problem with static anywhere in my home , and I have a lot of walls . Phone is easy to work . The digital recorder works well , and it 's easy to listen to messages from the base or any handset . The speakerphone works well on both the base and the handsets.I absolutely have NO complaints with this phone system and extra handset . I will probably buy a few more handsets , since I have teenagers in the home . Handsets are numbered and can not be named . But , since I only have a total of two handsets , it is not hard to remember which number I need when paging . Yes , it would be nice to name the handsets , but not really necessary.Overall , this is a great product !!!!
 Finally a 2-line phone that has most of the features I 've wanted
 This is nice phone and apparently an improvement over their last gen unit -LRB- they 've added more phone expansion capability and the interface is easier -RRB- . It does alot for the money and is the best made and most full function phone for its price-point . I checked into many others and there seemed to be too many caveats with them for my taste . This phone fits the bill . It was just a few quirks that kept me from rating it a 5:1 -RRB- The phonebook can not be copied to the base station , but only to another handset -LRB- the base station itself does not have a phonebook-not great if you use the base speakerphone alot , as I do -RRB- ; .2 -RRB- The ability to switch from handset to base speaker phone -LRB- or visa-versa -RRB- or switch to calls coming in on the other line is clugey and invites mistakes which may cause losing one or both calls . You can do this , but it takes some practice and is not very intuitive .3 -RRB- The unit does not have a backlight on the message counter/base display , which would have been nice .4 -RRB- Does not indicate which line a message came in on , only that you 've got one and it does not allow you to play messages from only that line -LRB- I guess this is the notorious `` lack of separate mailboxes '' everyone mentions -RRB- , though it does have different outgoing messages for each line .5 -RRB- A word of warning to those using a fax machine hooked to a combined -LRB- 4-wire -RRB- line
 Have this cordless phone almost a year now . Works great . Highly recommended . Have had many cordless phones and not many met my expectations . Particularly this one , as a 2-line cordless with answering machine , one great product . Buy with confidence .
 Panasonic KX-TG6700B 5.8 Ghz Cordless Phone Two-line Expandable Phone SystemWorks well ... sound is good ... . convenient ... . reasonably easy to use.I like the product and it meets the need .
 received the phone in record time , i think it took about 2 days , set up had a few problems , hard to figure out how to page to locate the handset when you loose the phone in the house . & also there is no way to turn off the ringer just at night time on a permanent bases , you have to turn it off every night & then remember to turn the ringer back on in the morning
 The audio quality on this phone system is very good . Clear audio on both the handset , and the base . The audio level on the handset could be just a littly louder -LRB- I use it a max -RRB- . The manual is somewhat hard to follow and they need a `` quick list '' for the most likely items and functions . Deleting all voicemail messages -LRB- deleting one is not a problem -RRB- requires a journey through the menu system , and is way too difficult.All in all , this is a well built and very good performance system , and at the time I bought it , was the best choice for a home/small business .
 The product meets all of my expectations . It was delivered before the date promised by Amazon .
 Excellent product ! Both lines work great independently of each other . No complaint so far . I am going to expand by buying another handset .
 Overall , the Panasonic KX-TG6700B is a great step up from the earlier Panasonic phones . The design , functions and 5.8 Ghz technology are equal or superior except for a couple of changes from the previous version that we did n't like . The display in the handsets is not backlit and can be difficult to read . The redial button is no longer a dedicated button and is on a multi-function button indicated on the display . The directory list is no longer accessible from the simple up and down arrows . We also experienced some interference with one of the additional handsets that is far from the base unit . The style , dark color and small , light weight , antenna-free handsets are are the way to go .
 I got a bargain on this phone . All the features are great but lack of caller ID on the based . Speaker is working really well . But the headset on the cordless phone is unusable . The talking volume is too soft.Overall , it is a good phone .
 Nice thing about this cordless phone is that you plug it in and it just immediately works perfectly , no hassle , no incomprehensible instructions , no complicated set up . I did n't even read the manual . `` Plug and play '' . The range is great too , so far as I can tell in this one BR apartment . The old phone , not a Panasonic , would punk out a little past the bedroom - this phone makes it anywhere with NO degradation in signal . Order the one with two handsets - you will appreciate the second set .
 I have not had this phone long enough to rate some categories . However , that which I have experienced I am very happy with . This phone replaced a 13 year old 2 line portable Panasonic that I was very happy with . From my short experience , I think I will be as pleased with its replacement .
 I needed a phone to replace my very old 2 line phone with answering machine , and it was hard to find one . I finally found this one and it works great . The instructions were reasonably clear -LRB- I set it up myself -RRB- and it works as described . The sound is good , the answering machine can be set separately for each line , the buttons on the handset are well lit . At this point I 've had the phone about 2 months , and I could n't be happier with it .
 This is the 2nd one of these I 've bought . Works well , good range . Took some manual reading on the first one to figure out the menu system . Minor annoyance is that the ` missed calls ' counter seems to count all calls , but I 'm not sure , and it does n't matter to me anyway . Speakerphone on each handset works very well . Got the new one through Amazon at the same price as used ones were auctioning for on eBay .
 I bought this phone as a replacement for a motorola MD681 cordless phone that I loved -LRB- I still have the phone but after 4 years the `` 6 '' button is not working so well -RRB- . I bought the Panasonic kx-tg6700b as it offered many of the features the my previous phone had.Ok ... here is my review of the GOOD STUFF ... the phone has great range of about 400 feet in open yard area in a major city , it has light up buttons , speaker phone in the handset and very little to no interference heard while talking ... even with DSL service and a filter . The dual antenna on the base does seem to provide for good coverage in all directionsNow my impression of the bad ... the handset is slippery to hold by hand or on your shoulder , the voice enhancer so far seems to be a joke of a feature , the soft key buttons are hard to push with my working man 's fingers , the base does not seem to be able to be used without power or battery backup , and if you do not need this phone for a second line look for another phone as the handset is always asking you to select line 1 or line 2 -LRB- initial settings can help with this problem but not eliminate the issue -RRB- . To be honest I only use this phone for 1 phone line but I bought it because the other Panasonic phones I looked at did not have light up buttons.The price of $ 55.00 -LRB- refurbished -RRB- shipping included is a very good deal for the phone , especially if you need a 2 line cordless expandable phone.I would recommend this phone to the `` right '' person , but I 'll admit that I would have already returned this phone if it was n't for the restocking fee of 15 % and return shipping costs.Hope this helps .
 First off , I bought this unit refurbed for under $ 70.00 . -LRB- I see new is pretty good deal for $ 111.00 now . -RRB- For that price you really ca n't go wrong and the problem was already fixed since it 's refurbished , right ? Ok , just kidding , but I have had zero issues with this phone . I do n't use the voice mail features , but do use a headset and speakerphone regularly which actually seems to work better than my professional polycomm speakerphone that I have . The range on this is also pretty good . I have had it up to almost 200 ft outside the house and still is clear . I like it so much I am about to buy a second handset for it , which ironically costs almost as much as i paid for the whole unit .
 Had this system for a week now . Almost Everything is great . The only complaints is that I can not get the caller ID to work on the 2nd line . Panasonic is no help ... just a generic trouble shoot from them . The other item is the display of all the missed calls . Besides that it is a good system so far ???
 The phone really delivers what you read on the manual . It is simple to use and have the features required to manage two lines with answering system . The sound is good , the reception is good too and it does not interfere with my wireless network . The quality is ok I will find out the durability.I would recomend this phone .
 So far I am pleased with this Panasonic model . I had a similar model two years ago and it was a disaster -- the battery life was inadequate and I always had a dead phone . This one is much better.The range is very good , not great . I think my wireless network creates some interference and I get a low hum in the background of my calls . My only real complaint is the lack of speed dial capability in the handsets . With my old Uniden I could call my voicemail to pick up messages by pressing two keys ; this phone requires a combination of five or six to accomplish the same thing -- it is actually easier to just dial the number rather than trying to remember the exact sequence of keys required to get there via memory dialing.It is a mystery to me why no one seems to be able to make a great cordless phone system .
 I have a KX-TG6700B with a land line and the other VoIP and both walk well , the quality of sound are excellent , work good far from the base . I have a friend who lives in 8 floor and I in 2 and take I telephone to his house and arrives the perfect signal NO NOISE , NO INTERFERENCE . easy to use , up to 7 extra handset
 Excellent two line phone . I 've owned a few and this one is the best . Saved me money gedtting my home wired for an intercom system . Hoootie Whoooo !!
 I 'm very satisfied with this Phone System . Its very friendly to use and its features are outstanding .
 First and foremost . I love Panasonic Phones . I think they make the best home phones . Even though no one really has a land line anymore , I still do . This phone is the best phone I 've had and I love it . Only negative that I can think of is there is no `` Locate Button '' incase you ca n't find the handset . Other than that the thing works like a gem .
 I read through the reviews here on Amazon , but personally , I do n't have a problem with anything mentioned so far . I like the size of the handset ... My last Panasonic 2-line cordless -LRB- KX-TG2480 -RRB- has a huge bulky handset which , by the way , started having problems ; keypad stopped working properly . I was a bit skeptical to buy another , but I like this phone and I 've generally had good luck with Panasonic products.Anyway , setup was a breeze . You can record different outgoing messages for each line which is nice . Outgoing message sound quality is typical ... Not any worse than my Uniden at home . Speaker phone with handset or base ; Keypad on base ; Intercom ; Check messages remotely ; Conference call ; Caller ID ... What else do you need ?
 I bought this to try it out . They are available with an accesory phone and base . I bought the single phone and was so pleased I went back and bought the accesory after the positive experience . I would tell you to price out a set sold together because its a great product and it would probaly be cheaper that way . By the way , I accidentaly clicked on 4 stars and there is no way to go back and change it to 5 stars . That is what I meant to do ... Good Luck .
 I 've been using the phone in my home office about 18 months . It is awesome in that I can have good reception quality phones located anywhere and not worry about wiring costs , especially with so few options on the market for a two line expandable phone system . The only down side , is that Panasonic is replacing the base unit for the 3rd time because some of the number keys stop working . I have to say they have been extremely good giving the replacement a 90 day warranty and sending an advance replacement w/credit card guarantee so I wo n't be totally without a system . My father in law has the same phone for about a year and has not had any issues with it . I especially love my headset which gives freedom to type or go for a file , the caller id , missed calls list , and 2 separate voicemail boxes . The only thing that would be better is a wireless headset for the handset or base unit .
 The phone is good , with good sound and functionality . I just do n't like that you have to carefully place phone in cradle -- if you miss , , , , it falls out .
 I have 2 numbers ,2 phone lines.This phone is really helping me a lot by saving room and money.As other reviewers said handset volume might be low but no problem for me to hear clear voice.Over all it is easy to use and design is sleek and beautiful.Best thing is handset is not heavy as other models and I do n't have to care about the antenna anymore .
 Does everything it should except for two things :1 . No beep when there are messages to be taken off the machine . This is a real oversight in the design .2 . No provision for wall mounting .
 It is exactly what I expected and arrived quickly . The quality is superb and all things considered it was a good purchase . I would recommend it to anybody .
 Nice cabinet , deep enough for use with keyboxes used by dealerships and key vault machines , packaged well and was complete with all mounting eqpt needed . I will be buying this one again as we grow the business
 I bought this for work as we have tons of keys to keep track of . I was so glad to find a combination locked key cabinet -LRB- buying a key locking key cabinet sorta defeats the purpose ... -RRB- Great price , arrived quickly and keeps all of our keys labeled and organized .
 Good strong cabinet should provide key security for years . Only issue is when setting the combination
 It is big , so make sure you look at the dimensions . For us , it works very well holding 60 keys . The lock probably could be broken easily if one wanted to get in , but we did n't buy for the security aspect , rather for organizing keys so that they can easily be located . The lock however will keep the honest people , honest.It works well for us , yet we may out grow it before we know it ! : - -RRB- Jim & TomPhoenix
 I needed a larger key stoarage cabinet and ordered this one at a good price compared to what I could find locally . When it arrived , I was pleasantly surprised to see how heavy and well made this cabinet is in person . The metal is heavy-gauge and finished very nicely with a neutral powder coat . The combination lock can be set or re-set to an infinity of combinations . Very secure . Includes 4 mounting bolts and a number of hanging , numbered key tags . Roomy inside , will accomodate your keys and then some . I wanted this for my home , and it is actually a bit of overkill -- this could easily be used in a commercial or industial application . Not cheap , thin , stamped metal like I saw at several local stores . Very good cabinet for the price paid .
 Ideal for key management . In my business I have multiple sets of keys for cars and numerous businesses , this easy to use cabinet keeps them safe and organized . Set-up is simple and it comes with everything needed for labelling . However , the tiny key rings provided are n't adequate for larger keys , like chip car keys .
 We had a smaller key cabinet but when we needed to upgrade I found this one . This is totally awesome . No need for a key to get inside and the organization makes is so much easier . It 's a busy office so I would definitely recommend this for anyone using multiple keys .
 Even though there are so many passwords to remember , this combo is better than giving out keys to the few people who may need access to the box .
 The product holds a good number of keys , and is very sturdy . THe locking mechanism is OK , but exactly high security . I use it more for the organization than the secutiry . Overall , very nice product for the price .
 After years of having keys thrown every which way in a box and taking long times to find we finally bought this key cabinet . Now we can find the keys immediately without searching . Love it !
 Box is of excellent quality , and the price is not bad for what you are getting . Only problem is that I own several of these , and have had problems with the key pad breaking . Good news is that you can replace -LRB- easy fix -RRB- , bad news is it is approximately half the cost of the box -LRB- ~ $ 30.00 -RRB- ! As with most thing when they break , I love to take them apart to see the point of failure . In this case , the plastic parts inside the key pad were broken -LRB- and can not be repaired without parts , which they do not sell -RRB- . Anyway , I love the box , and can finally keep all my keys organized - in one place !
 I love this box ! No keys need . . just punch in your 3 digit code.I keep all our car and misc keys stored inside and other items that a thief would like to take - ipod , cell phones , garmin , etc.Why make it easy on a thief by having it all laid out around your home . Lock it up and feel safer !
 Exceptional quality & heavy construction . Very easy to mount to the wall and looks good .
 We needed this for our congregation so people could have access to keys . I love how easy it is to change the combination . Shipping was perfect and on time .
 This product is very well made and works well for keeping keys organized and accessible . The tags that come with it are excellent and very well designed . We will certainly be purchasing more of these in the near future .
 This was easy to install and extremely easy to set the combination , I especially liked the tabs which help keep me organized .
 Heavy duty , Easy to program , Easy to mount on the wall . Key tags easy to read , Lots of room for the keys
 We purchased this to organize our many many keys . Now they are all available , numbered and easy to find in a locke case . Love it ! No more searching in the coffee can key can !
 For the money this item worked well ! It was not the highest of qualty but suited our needs just fine .
 good boxes but not as strong as other brands . The first box i assembled was difficult for me and took me about 15 minutes because of the instructions how to assemble . But after the first one i was able to assemble quickly . I wo n't put to much stuff in the one box because it does n't seem strong enough . The one thing i really like about bankers boxes is the easy to lift handles . these boxes were a little bit pricey but they serve the purpose .
 Bought these for moving day . Wonderful foretelling kids to pack their rooms easy to carry , easy to assemble , easy to pack !
 These boxes are great for the price - cheaper than any I could find at a brick-and-mortar store in my area . They are strong and easy to put together .
 The storage boxes are sturdy , easy to assemble and worth the money . I would choose these over any of the others I have tried .
 It a good file box . Note that the card board is not heavy duty so they probably wo n't withstand too much rough treatment . A bit of extra tape helps to reinforce them . Amazon shipping boxes for example seem to be slightly heavier and thicker . But they are good for everyday use or filing .
 these boxes were as expected and needed . Much more durable than the store brand ones .
 I 'm getting smarter . Rather than waste time trying to find product at local retailers I went to Amazon FIRST . These Bankers Boxes were less expensive than others but were of the same quality . Better yet , they came to my door . I like that.They are easy to assemble , and I expect I 'll get many years of service out of them . If you need Bankers boxes for the home or office to store files , these will do the job .
 These boxes are so easy to put together and the quality is excellent ... a good value too . I needed them quickly for a project and they arrived within two days ! THANKS !
 I use these mainly for household storage , both in closets and in the garage . I like them because they are sturdy , have hand-holds , and when I 've worn them out or they get dirty , they can be recycled . Very useful ! Greener than plastic , for sure .
 Boxes are great . The first one took a minute to figure out how to assemble.Lid fits well.Would buy again .
 Trying a new solution to store office files and receipts 7 years back . Easy to assemble , hopefully will stack well .
 all Bankers Boxes are great . I am using these to store files like old taxes , etc. . They fit many shelving units and are very useful .
 Well , the blue of this LED just looks so much like ice ... It is fantastic . The puck has really large blue LED 's arranged in a fan pattern , with the outside two being at 45 degrees , and then angling in towards center . It is amazingly bright . It is like shining a flashlight at whatever component in the case you want to highlight , but with good placement and just one of these you can practically light up your entire case . The beautiful fan pattern shown in the picture does actually appear when you lay it flat against a surface -LRB- which you can only do in a few places inside a pc -RRB- . The `` kit '' comes with a couple of self adhesive strips of velcro to help you with placement . The lights themselves have long cords with pass through 4 pin molex connectors . The puck is cased in a smart looking , quality chrome mold . I point this out , because not everyone likes that ` chrome look . ` Great for showcasing your windowed pc . Highly recommended .
 If you have a window in your Pc , it gives you that added blue effect.Mines still lit after about a year now .
 Cheap and affordable , a little thing makes your computer stand out big time amongst other things around your room in the dark .
 These LED light are so bright that at the wrong angle in the computer can blind you in a second . They use very little power and are very bright for a long time . I bought them months and months ago and they are still very bright .
 I put this on top of one of my fans so it would show through the side fan case window on my Nzxt Phantom case - these fans like so many others in the case -LRB- I have 17 fans -RRB- are supported by zip ties and in many cases doubled . It 's very localized so you 'll have to carefully select where to put in your case.The color matches my 12 '' Cold Cathode Case Lights - 2 Piece -LRB- Blue -RRB- and my two NZXT Sleeved LED Case Light Kits -LRB- Blue -RRB- 2 Meter CB-LED20-BU perfectly .
 I thought this was going to be a little bit bigger than I thought it was . Everything that was specified to come with the package came . The male and female connectors and the velcro . The lights are really deep blue . It matches my case perfectly . It did n't light it up the way I wanted to . But I guess I ca n't complain too much considering the price.I really ca n't tell if it has five bulbs in it or not . It really looks like there is one in the middle and the others are reflected by it with a mirror . I 'm not sure.If you do n't have a lit case and want to highlight your motherboard or something this would go great . Or if you want to highlight a specific thing in your computer . But if you reallyyyy want to light up the case , I might try going with a cold cathode . This thing did n't give me that full lit case I wanted but I was happy with the color so Im keeping it in there for now .
 Works as expected and compiments my other blue LEDs and my 2 12 '' CCFLs in my HAF 932 IceBox . Probably could use 2 of them . I purchased the RED one for my next build along with 2 12 '' red CCFLs and it makes the case look like its on fire !
 I picked up one of these pens in office supply store and have since begun collecting them in nearly every color . They are good quality , look very distinguished and have good balance , as well as smooth writing . If you are looking for a nice executive gift , graduation gift , or stocking stuffer , you wo n't go wrong with one of these pens . The pen may be loaded with either a regular ballpoint or rollerball refill -LRB- And the case includes a bonus refill cartridge . -RRB-
 I purchased six of these and use them to guide students through games and other activities in my classroom . Vocabulary review , grammar review , conversation creators , etc. . The kids love them . I just wish I had more places to hang them around the room ! That way groups are n't too big and do n't limit the opportunities for student participation .
 The person I bought this for was VERY happy about this . The fact that it was engraved , and packaged in a nice box -LRB- easy for wrapping -RRB- was a HIT.It was a bargain , too!I wish I had more gators fans with business cards , so I could order more!I did not have any trouble with shipping and received it in plenty of time .
 Second scanner purchased for use in elementary school reading program library - Works great - Consistent , easy to use - Highly recommend !
 Great product feels well made , could not be easier to use , truly `` Plug and Play '' -LRB- not plug and pray -RRB- no software or drivers to install , no setup needed.Just plug it into any USB port on your computer -LRB- PC or Mac -RRB- open an application such as MS Word or any simple text app like WordPad -LRB- PC -RRB- or TextEdit -LRB- Mac -RRB- place scanner directly on barcode , press the button and the numbers are read and displayed on the page.I highly recommend this product .
 This item was exactly what I needed . It worked right out of the box with no need to install any additional software -LRB- Windows 7 Home Premium -RRB- . I plugged it in and I was ready to go . I 've been using it for about a month now .
 It works very good . Scan small bar code . Seems very durable , even we drop it to the floor several times , It works fine .
 The adesso faq page for the 1000U tells how to set it up for mac if you 're having problems : FAQ for problems with OS X
 Worked right out of the box - just plugged it in and started playing with it ! We have 80 + netbooks and chargers in our small , Christian school and it really made checking them out to the students and teachers much easier this year . We 're planning to digitize our library catalog and will be purchasing another one or two in the future , too ! Thanks for such a great product .
 ASIN : B000GGTTC8 , Adesso Contact CCD Barcode Scanner , Model NUSCAN 1000U . This is the USB model.First , I should point out that this product is listed -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- as a CD-ROM but it is not a CD-ROM nor does it contain a CD-ROM . The package comes with a scanner and a booklet . The scanner has a USB cable and no other cable options . The booklet contains some barcodes that let you adjust the scanner settings such as scan mode -LRB- trigger , auto , toggle -RRB- and audio feedback -LRB- tone , duration -RRB- . The booklet is also available as PDF from the Adesso website . The booklet is not needed for normal operation.Installation on WinXP involved plugging the scanner into the USB port , done . Once plugged in , it chimed the la cucaracha tune.Usage was just as easy , point and shoot . The scanner button is rubbery yet has a nice click feel so it is very easy to use . The orientation -LRB- non-pistol style -RRB- was better than expected and is very easy to hold and scan items over and over . I was -LRB- wrongly -RRB- expecting to be able to hold the scanner inches away from the barcode but this type of scanner requires you to practically touch the product with the scanner for a successful scan . With a successful scan , the barcode numbers are entered into your computer just as-if you had typed them .
 This scanner is very easy to install and operate - it could n't be any simpler , really . The scanner sends the data to your computer as though you 'd typed the barcode in on the keyboard ; thus it should work with any software that supports barcodes.Configuring the unit for scanning modes and beeper volume/duration -LRB- it 's a little LOUD out of the box -RRB- is just as simple . There are a few barcodes printed in the manual that you scan per your preferences.To test it , just point your browser to http://www.upcdatabase.com/itemform.asp , rest the scanner on a UPC code , and click the trigger . Even if the product is n't in the database , you 'll get confirmation of a good read just by looking at the number read out by the scanner . -LRB- If it 's not in the database , do those good people at upcdatabase a favor and enter the product details -RRB- . You could also use Amazon 's search feature with the device , in the same fashion
 I am very happy with my scanner ... it scans anything ! Including ISBN 's which is helpful in my bookselling business and it also integrates with Booktrakker for data entry which prevents typos . I love it . Best thing I have ever bought for my business .
 I purchased two of these scanners for a small library project . Overall , I like the product , but refrain from giving it five stars , because , as others have said , the scanner must make flat contact with the surface on which the barcode is printed to effectively read the code . Also , I was happy that this scanner was truly `` plug and play '' on my Intel Macs , even without any software . Of course , Mac users are used to this for almost all peripherals , but the fact that this scanner simply did what it was supposed to without its own proprietary software really raised its profile in my eyes.If you are looking for a good option to get the job done , this scanner is an excellent choice .
 This scans a bunch of types of barcodes . I tested almost all of them out.It will scan : * EAN-13 -LRB- ISBNs -RRB- * EAN-8 * GS1-128 -LRB- EAN-128 -RRB- * UPC-A -LRB- Regular UPC 's -RRB- * Code 128 * Code 39 -LRB- 3 of 9 -RRB- * Interleaved 2 of 5It will not scan : * UPC-E -LRB- I think this is the tiny barcode on books that encodes only the price , not the ISBN -RRB- * Codabar -LRB- used by libraries -RRB- * POSTNET -LRB- the lines the post office stamps on the bottom of your mail -RRB- * 2-D barcodesIt 's a contact scanner , which means that the scanner should be in contact with the barcode . But , it sometimes works up to an inch above a well-printed barcode . Also , it 's a wired , USB scanner , which means you 'll need to bring your laptop close to whatever it is you 're scanning.It automatically scans the text of the barcode plus an Enter character , but you can get rid of the enter character through the scanable options in the book.Pros : + I was able to plug mine in and start scanning without installing any software -LRB- I use a PC -RRB- + It automatically scans many different types of barcodes , without you having to adjust anything + Pretty long cord , about 4 feet + Very easy to use + Lightweight , yet steady + Beeps satisfactorily after every successful scan , and does n't beep when it does n't scan + Scanned even my bar codes I printed from my injet printer that got smearedCons : - Very simple , the only options you can change is the length and the pitch of the beep -LRB- through codes in the book -RRB-
 As mentioned in other reviews there is no CD-ROM with this product but , instead , you can program various parameters by scanning bar codes in the manual . On my Intel iMac all of the defaults worked perfectly for me . Installation was simply plugging in the usb cable . The Mac then puts up a dialog box that it can not recognize the keyboard you just plugged in , cancel that dialog as this is not a keyboard . Then I started Text Edit and scanned a few ISBNs -LRB- I am a book dealer -RRB- and verified that it read them perfectly . Then I started my book database -LRB- BookHound 6.0 -RRB- and started a new record which in that software brings up a dialog box to enter an ISBN . Scanned a book , saw the code entered right away , and the new record came up fine . This is a wonderful tool . Do n't you just love it when things work right the first time out of the box ? I went a little wild then and used the programming barcodes to change the beep to a longer duration and that worked too . One of my best add-on experiences .
 This scanner works as advertised and very consistently . I 'm an Amazon Marketplace seller and needed a scanner for bulk listings . Only a few books of mine did n't scan , such as when the paper that an ISBN number is slightly torn . Otherwise , the scanner quickly feeds the number into whatever field you 've placed your cursor . You need to hold it close to the item/bar code since it 's not a laser scanner . The scanner appears sturdy and ready for countless hours of use . Best of all , it 's way cheaper than many similar scanners .
 This inexpensive contact scanner does everything I need it to do , including reading ISBN barcodes . For my purposes , a scanner that reads from greater distances would be a hindrance . I have n't had it long , but so far it performs great
 As others have noted , this is an excellent contact barcode scanner for the price . It has a light , but substantial feel , and seems to be of sturdy construction.When connected , the scanner `` pretends '' to be a keyboard to the PC , so anything scanned appears `` typed '' in . Which means that you can also use this in applications that are n't necessarily designed/intended for use with a scanner.The manual that comes with the scanner has a basic set of programming barcodes . However , if needed , the full set of programming barcodes is available via a PDF document download from the mfr 's website.I 've been using this -LRB- along with DVDpedia on my Mac -RRB- to inventory my DVD collection , and will probably move on to my book collection afterwards.If you 're looking for a basic -LRB- yet still powerful -RRB- low-volume use scanner , I 'd definitely recommend this one .
 This is our 2nd bar code scanner . It just works like it says . Setup is within minutes . Helps track our volunteers when we sign them in our system . We do have differeant computers that we use from PC laptops to Mac laptops . It works for both and that is why we like this scanner truly a universal scanner .
 We were looking for a barcode scanner that did n't break the bank . Our other choices were $ 350 dollars , and so we took the risk and ordered in one of these scanners . For around $ 60 we were not too disappointed when we found that the scanner had to be about half an in to an inch away from the barcode . We are using Windows 7 on our machines , so as soon as we plugged in the scanner the computer searched for the drivers and were up and running in less than 30 seconds . After using the scanner for a week we were pleased enough to order 2 more to fill spots on 2 other machines . 1 month later they are functioning like new still . If any of them fail I 'll update my review .
 Purchased this device to perform an inventory of ALOT of e-waste heading for disposal and it worked great . Decent price and is easy to install/use , seems rugged enough for our uses . Worthy purchsae .
 I purchased this barcode reader with little idea how it would work , quality of the product or how easy it would be to program . It works great , is of very good quality and was easy enough for me to program to use with a FileMaker database for inventory purposes . I wo n't know for sure how it will last until we use if for a while , but ... it appears to be well built with a good solid cord base and rubber hood for the reader end to protect the clear glass there . So should do well . Hope this review is helpful .
 Aftering comparing my model with several others , i came to the conclusion that i was getting more bang for the buck ... online , as well as up close and personal , by actually using a few of my associates scanners .
 Just connect it to your computer and it works . There is nothing more easy to use than this barcode scanner .
 I just got the bar code scanner installed last week and it works great . It 's very straight forward and basic , and that is just what I was looking for . It 's just a matter of holding the scanner over the barcode -LRB- it makes contact with the paper -RRB- and pulling the trigger . I have found you need to hold it at just the right angle , but if you hold it on the barcode and then tip it forward it will scan at the right point and beeps so you know it worked . Voila , it shows up on my computer program so I can now follow a job through my business and know where it is at any moment without having to walk through the shop . For me , it was a purchase well worth making and I would recommend it .
 This scanner is wonderful for listing books online . Saves lots of time and works on most books . Sometimes you have to scan the inside cover instead . Did n't have to download anything , just plug it in and it 's ready to go !
 I bought this to scan barcode labels for my wine collection . As new bottles are brought in , I just scan their UPC code using the utility in CellarTracker.com . The software finds the wine and enters all the information needed to enter the wine in inventory . I then print an individual bottle barcode label that allows me to track the exact location of the wine in my cellar , again reading the barcode with this scanner to monitor the removal or relocation of bottles . I do n't know how sturdy it would be under heavy use , but I ca n't drink wine any faster to find out !!
 Feels solid . Just plug it in and it works as expected . No configuration required . Absolutely drop-dead simple . It just works . -LRB- Hard-core configuration junkies , * can * if they wish scan some special symbols to make some config changes e.g. the beep length ... -RRB-
 The scanner works flawlessly . I did n't have to install any software . I just connected it to my PC and it worked automatically . Good product and gets the job done . I ca n't remember exactly how much I paid but it was one of the least expensive .
 Nothing more , nothing less . Just plug and play for very adequate for home use . Keep the booklet that comes with it to program the scanner . You can opt to not hear a sound when it scans and more . I scanned in over 200 books into a collection with no problems . The price is right !
 This scanner is very easy to use and set up . The manual is simple not that you need it except to adjust scanning mode or volume . Plug it in and you 're ready to go ... it really is just that simple . What few bar codes the scanner did not read or read incorrectly could not be entered even manually so not the fault of the scanner . I use it for logging in a very large media collection -LRB- books , games , DVDs -RRB- and it greatly reduced the time .
 I have been wanting a bar code scanner for a long time . I had no idea how to go about choosing one I researched them and found many that required learning Perl to set up or even Penguin . . -LRB- I have to learn penguin , I thought to myself ?? What on earth is that ? -RRB- I had my little cue cat . I was never very good at getting it to work and usually made a huge dent in the book I was trying to scan When this came I was delighted ! I plugged it into the computer and it made a melodic sound and i scanned a book on amazon and there it was on the screen ! Finally technology has caught up ! I still feel like a little kid when I use it . . it is fun and a bit magical
 Ccd Contact Barcode Scanner USB Light Rugged Design BlackWe purchased the Zio Tech Media Carousel and it was suggested that a bar code scanner would make inputting the DVD information quicker . Well !!! What a wonderful , reliable piece of equipment ! It is plug and play , which is why I purchased the USB scanner . Plugged it in , ran it over the barcode and it 's not yet hiccuped and we 've input over 500 movies so far . We 're using it on two different computers . Plug it in , hold it close to the bar code , and press the trigger . Easy and efficient . I highly recommend this scanner !
 I have had this scanner for 2 weeks and have used it to perform inventory . I pulled it out of the box , plugged it in and it has performed perfectly . I read about other set-up options , but I did n't need to change anything because the defaults were exactly what I wanted . Press a button and it scans . Could n't have been any easier . The barcode does need to be around an inch or less away from the scanner so do not expect to scan from a distance like some commercial scanners in stores.I have windows Vista 64-bit and did n't have to download or install any drivers.I highly recommend this product for simple home use .
 Have put it to use in a variety of ways for several months now . Simple to install , easy to use , always accurate in reading bar codes . What more is there to expect ? What more needs to be said ?
 Worked perfectly right out of the box . Scans DVDs perfectly . Great buy ... great product ...
 We use this scanner for scanning ISBN # 's . This tool is VERY easy to use . Plug it in and your up and running . Some minor tweeking was needed to maximize the scanners ability . The instruction manual could be a little better , but there web site provided needed info.Overall , good product , good price . We are satisfied .
 This barcode scanner was exactly what I was looking for . Pull the trigger , and your barcode is entered at the cursor , with a carriage return . No need to hit enter , just scan and go.Up and running within seconds on OS X Snow Leopard on my Mac mini and Mac Pro . OS X thinks the scanner is a keyboard , so just hit cancel and it 's functional without any additional installation.The build quality is fine , and the cord is probably 6 ' long . For $ 60 , it 's a steal .
 I wrote a small web based application to capture ISBN numbers and look the ISBN codes up on -LSB- ... -RSB- . I then plugged this scanner into my MacBook Pro and scanned over 300 books that I donated to the library . This scanner worked flawlessly and saved me a significant amount of time.I also deploy a small Point of Sale -LRB- POS -RRB- system to small businesses , this scanner also works well in the retail environment and I have standardized on this model because of it 's low cost and excellent quality .
 In a few words , its an excelent contact barcode scanner , but remember this word `` contact '' . This means that you have to place the scanner near , very near the barcode .
 Unwrapped , plugged in and operating.No muss , no fuss.An assessment of reliability will have to wait until it 's been in use for awhile .
 I got it with a handset lifter -LRB- which was the correct decision -RRB- . I am a phone monkey -LRB- professionally -RRB- . Wearing it 8 hours
 This is a Great product !! I am enjoying these features of not having a cord connected and the cancelling of the background noise is a Big Deal for me since I am required to have no background noise while I am working from home ... Even though I purchased this at a cheaper price since it did not have the original box and no manuel , I can not complain ! The Quality is Awesome !! I did go on line and found the manuel and also called the Tech support since I was not getting a dial tone and they were able to quickly show me how to correct that problem immediately in only a very short time ...
 I use this thing for work , 8 hours a day Mon - Fri. . It works great , has a awesome range and I never have to worry about the battery life . It 's a little bulky but if you work in a noisy call center environment then then it 's great to have the duel ear to be able to hear your clients perfectly well . Still it 's comfortable enough to wear all day .
 I purchased this recently to get a little freedom in my home office . I find it hard to type notes and hold the phone but I also on occasion need to move from station to station . With this product I can have that freedom and convenience .
 I wo n`t go on too much as this is quite simple
 This is my second headset . The first lasted for about 4 years of heavy -LRB- 2 + hours a day -RRB- use . Rarely had any problem with the battery or the range . Works great for those of us who are have hearing difficulties or are in a loud environment.Great product !
 This is a perfect system to hvae when dealing with a business office space . I work in a cube with many people around me . This set can reduce the background noise and gives you the ability to focus on your calls . Plus this is an excellent way to get some work done by leaving the headset on and giveing the improessiong you are on the phone ... even though you are not .
 Thsi headset works like a charm ... plug it in and charge it up then go to using it .
 I purchased this headset when my daughter was born . As a home office employee who works full time and cares for my daughter full time , I needed flexibility with the phone . This headset is awesome ! It has excellent range , listening sound quality and speaking clarity . Thanks to the noise cancelling , my daughter can be singing in the background or playing with her noisy kids ' toys and my customers can not even hear her . I would definitely recommend this product !
 I purchased this CS361N headset to work with a Polycom SoundPoint Pro SE-225 desk telephone -LRB- not VOIP -RRB- . I wanted a binaural design so that I would be less distracted by other noises around me while engaged in a conversation or even just listening.Set-up is Easy
 I make my living on the phone coaching executives and this is the only one that has been able to handle the rigorous use.Here 's what I like ... Freedom to move aroundLight weightBuilt well and durableSounds great - binaural minimizes distractionsMy only small challenge with it is that it could fit a bit more snuggly on my head.Buy it now . You wo n't regret it .
 I have been using the Plantronic 's S11 for about 5 years now . It is wired but worked really well . The sound was perfect and I never had a complaint . Wanting to go wireless , I read reviews and felt the CS55 would fit my needs . I ordered it on Amazon and installed immediately upon receipt . My initial impressions were `` so-so '' . It was a nice upgrade to be wireless but the headset did not sit firmly against my ear -LRB- using the over-the-head attachment -RRB- , the sound was a bit `` airy '' - hollow-sounding . It definitely was not as good as my S11 . I also heard my own breath often during calls . Whether it was from a sigh or just during the normal air release from talking ... it was very annoying . I fiddled around with the controls for a long time and made about 35 calls to my wife to test -LRB- she was annoyed -RRB- . I never got it correct and called Plantronics . They walked me through all the controls but still could not eliminate the ` wind ' sound . I never once had the wind sound from my S11 . So I returned the CS55.I then ordered the CS361N . I talk frequently to someone else with this headset and his voice is always clear . He raved about it . After plugging it in , I made my first call - to my wife again . No adjustments ... and it was perfect ! I could hear VERY clearly and the ear phones sit securely on my ears . I could bend over and move around and it did not feel like it was going to fall . My CS55 fell off several times during light movement behind my desk.I also know someone that recently bought the Jabra GN9125 and he sounds `` airy '' - or hollow.I was n't sure I would like the stereo sound of having two ear pieces but it really is nice . My office is quiet so distractions are not an issue but it really forces me to focus . I 'm sure I would also be happy with the Monoural CS361N.Hope this helps !
 It 's a great wireless headset without any wires whatsover -LRB- as compaed to the outher wireless plantronics devices which have a small battery pack -RRB- . The only minor annoyance is that the headset does not expand enough to fit absolutely comfortably , however , it is sufficient . Additionally , the provided foam ear pads come off easily -LRB- are needed for comfort -RRB- .
 I work in a fairly loud office environment and I was having a lot of difficulty participating in conference calls with typical bluetooth mono-aural headsets . What an amazing difference this headset makes , I no longer have any problems participating in conference calls .
 This headset has made my work so much easier and more comfortable . First of all , I spend hours on the phone for consultations and my neck and shoulders are already better , tension free , with this headset . It 's so easy to use and has incredible sound quality , far surpassing any of the other headsets I have been using in past years . It 's range is great , too . I live on three levels and am able to walk to any place in the house without losing clear connection . This is a great product !
 Excellent headset . Very easy set up and excellent reception and call quality . Would highly recommend to those that have to be on the phone for any length of time .
 ok , so I am new to wireless headsets . Nobody told me that you need a ` real ' desk phone in order for this unit to work properly . I had an AT&T trimline phone . It took 2 calls to tech support to find out that none of the headsets work with Trimline phones . Would be nice if the instructions mentioned this . Other that that , I have been very happy with the product . I am having a little difficulty lowering the volume as well .
 Excellent product overall . Comfort = 4 out of 5 points ; Sound quality and noise canceling = 5 out of 5 ; ease of use = 5 out of 5 ; recharge frequency = 4 out of 5 . This headset is used in a busy and reasonably loud office environment and works perfectly with its noise canceling .
 I purchased this Plantronics SupraPlus headset to work with Sysco desk telephone -LRB- VOIP -RRB- . I use this phone in a relatively noisy office , so binaural design was important to me to block out unrelated noise . Wireless was important so I can move into enclosed office for privacy -LRB- conference rooms do not have phones , so one needs to initiate a call in a cubicle -RRB- . The headset met all my expectations and I am pleased with it.SET UPSetting up adjustments for sensitivity requires two people . It took us a good 10 minutes to figure out which of the numerous settings would provide good sound on both ends . Originally even though I could hear well , I was either not heard on the other end or my voice had a lot feedback . I recommend making a test call once you do the initial set up to make sure that when you make an important call you can be heard well.Once the tuning was done , my voice sounds good on the other side as long as I position the mouth piece close to my mouth . If the mouth piece is not positioned close the sound on the other end has echo.OPERATIONThe phone is very comfortable and light . I can use it for multi-hour conference calls without any discomfort . I use the padded cushions -LRB- the headset also came with the foam cups -RRB- . The best feature of the headset is the distance the sound carries . I am able to walk more than 50 feet away from my office and still be able to talk on the phone . During long conference calls I put the call on mute and even able to go to the bathroom while still listening to the conversation!Phone lifter is not included in the package -LRB- but can be purchased separately -RRB- , so I need to start the phone call on the actual phone and then move if I need to make a phone call in another location.I have not run out of power on this phone yet . When the headset is not in use it is recharging on the stand.After approximately 6 months of use the headphones stopped functioning . I called Plantronics support line and they walked me through trying to reset the headset . When this did not fix it , they said they will ship the new headset and I needed to return the old headset within 30 days for the exchange to be free . This replacement was quick and painless . The second headset has been in operation for more than 6 months without any issues.Overall , I am very pleased with the headset and would buy it again.Ali Julia review
 These headphones are excellent . We have tested several units in my call center all picking up background noise.Pros
 We have a small office with several stations , and this headset is just what we needed to be able to focus on our own phone calls . Once the headset is setup -LRB- by your office tech person -RRB- and the battery is charged , the only difficult thing is to rememember to place the headset back into the base station for charging the battery.The add-on automatic handset lifter -LRB- Plantronics HL 10 -RRB- is a must have for this headset system , so no more fumbling with manually removing the handset from the phone to use the wireless headset . Simply press the call button on the headset and you can remotely answer and hang up the phone as the small motorized HL 10 lifts the phone handset up to answer a call or sets it down to hang up , even when away from your desk!We are also going to try the add-on Call Indicator Light which I understand is compatible with a simple 1/8 '' headphone Y-adaptor to expand from one HL 10 port to two .
 This is a great wireless headset and has great distance from the base . If out of range , it does n't hang up the call but connects back with the call when back in range . AWESOME !!
 This has to be the best purchase I have made for work ever . I work at a call centre , on the phone 8 hrs a day , not only is this headset comfortable , it lasts the whole day AND lets me walk around . I 'm no longer tethered to my desk ! -LRB- more of a physiological plus for us call centre workers -RRB- . Range is excellent , can walk all the way to the other side of the building -LRB- around 40m -RRB- and still get prefect reception.Quality of the voice is on par with the other plantronics devices I have owned , which is very good . It has good volume options when on a call for both the headset and the mic.Overall an excellent product which I have already referred to many of my colleagues .
 I purchased 2 of these headsets . One for me and one my Fiancee . We work from home and I work Really long hours . My typical day is 12 hours . This headset stays charged up usually the entire time especially if I plug it in on my lunch . If not during the 12th hour or so it begins to Die . I use it every day as I like to get up and walk around while I am working . Great unit , good quality and crystal clear sound . Highly recommend this head set !!!
 I use this headset and really like it . It does not have the range that I would like -LRB- ca n't run down to the kitchen to get tea while on conference calls -RRB- , but I can move around quite a bit and have even taken conference calls on my deck!It is a little heavy and the headset does n't adjust to different sizes well , but overall I like it .
 I have performed the research on headsets , and this is the headset I would like to buy . I have no comments regarding the product , I am simply advising a prospective buyer that you should think twice about buying this from `` Amazon '' . I have received two different shipments now , and I am convinced neither product was `` new '' . All the usual indications of a used / re-stocked / re-furbished item was present . For example , nothing was wrapped in plastic ; the interior cardboard stablizing packaging was bent/worn suggesting previous opening of the boxes ; dusty ear pieces , etc. I do n't understand why these are being sold as new , when they are clearly not.I will go ahead and purchase this product from some other on-line retailer.I caution you to consider this information before purchasing this product from retailer Amazon .
 Easy to install , clear sound , no background noise and very good range . I own two of these , each connected to a wired phone unit .
 I wont get too technical & lengthy on my review . In short this product works well & does everything it promises in the description . I work at a car dealership & make 25-30 calls a day & this is great . The best part is the sound in both ears that makes hearing what the other person says clear & understandable .
 The Sharpie Flip Chart Marker is an excellent product -- so much better than a dry erase marker when writing on flip charts . The Sharpie has virtually no odor , lasts a long time , and the bullet point makes writing/drawing easy.I plan on buying more in bulk . Unfortunately they come in a color pack in the stores . Some of the colors are useless for facilitating a meeting with flip charts , which is why I order black in bulk from Amazon .
 We 've discovered that the large office stores are only carrying their own brand of slash files these days and they are drab , dull and boring colors , and questionable quality for a ridiculously high price . Searched online for bright colored files and found these and are so happy . We are very picky and these exceed our expectations in quality and cost . This is the second time we 've ordered these Quality Park Slash-View organizers and we will keep buying these in the future . . from this seller . THANKS !
 I have been using pocket folders in my work -LRB- human resources -RRB- since the early 1990 's . They are extremely useful because you can see the top page of the folder and it keeps all of your papers securely , unlike manilla folders . It is perfect for organizing resumes or any documents related to a particular topic . I do not color code my folders , but you could use each color for a category.These folders are solid construction and fit my needs perfectly . I would love to see an option that is laminated or plastic so that they hold up a little better over time.But this is a solid product for my needs .
 This product is perfect for filing things of various sizes that need to stay together . Vendor ships quickly .
 These are perfect and look just like the picture . Work great for shipping small items .
 When combined with bubble wrap around each item these mailers are ideal for shipping all but the largest books , no matter the type of binding . For smaller books # 4 mailers are more cost-efficient but if you want a one-size-fits-all packaging for books these sturdy # 5 mailers are for you .
 We use this size Rubbermaid trash bin for our office at home and also in the garage next to the workbench . I had n't realized there was a fire resistant one also . Maybe that is n't really necessary , as we are n't smokers likely to toss a smoldering match in there.Anyway , the size is adequate for most office situations unless you generate a huge amount of trash .
 My husband gave me this planner as part of my Chistmas present . I had smaller and fancier Filofax planners before but this one is the perfect size . It included everything I needed but I still had to order the month to month calendar which I prefer -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- took a month to process my order !!!! This planner arrived within a week after ordering -RRB- Thanks Amazon !
 Era lo que buscaba desde hace tiempo . Me encanta escribir en cuadernos todo lo importante y &eacute;sto es lo que buscaba y me encanta . Con todos los peque & ntilde ; os detalles que engloba . Genial la agenda .
 this is the best looking , best functioning planner i have used in 18 years . i love the details and worth much more than the selling price . i would buy another in a heart beat .
 Occasionaly , you are looking for something with a little nostalgic bent but still do the contemporary do the job . Such are these super shiney and highly functional Bulldag Clips . They work as good as I remembered they did at a nice price . Now we do n't have so many loose minutes cluttering the office . Wonder what else I could use these things for ?
 It 's a bell . It goes ding-a-ling . It did n't crack , fall apart , or blow up , so I guess that means it works .
 This is a perfect call bell for my 93 year old mother . It 's lightweight , but has a loud , clear sound and an easy to grab handle .
 The bells were a perfect addition to our office to allow patients the comfort of knowing they can ring them if they are in need of assistance while in the room unattended .
 Loud and clear ; I use this to train my cat -LRB- when it 's time for feeding -RRB- and to get his attention if he does something bad . Seems to work well so far !
 Purchased this item for a Foley artist to use on stage for telephone ringing sound effect . It is very small but extremely loud and it does sound like an old-fashioned telephone ringer . Excelent product .
 Like the last few products I 've reviewed , I bought this bell to use as a `` buzzer '' for a quiz team in a rather silly activity we were planning where I work . It 's a shame I did n't really have any use for it beyond its fifteen minutes of quiz-game fame , because if I happened to actually NEED a bell for any reason , this one works perfectly , it rings loudly but not annoyingly , and it seems to be pretty well-made . It 's definitely loud enough that you could hear it from another room on the other side of the house/upstairs if , say , a sick relative was using it to ask for help . So - it was perfect for the purpose I needed it for , and I 'd say it would be useful for anyone needing a bell for a less one-off set of circumstances . Mine is now languishing in the back of a drawer somewhere at work and unlikely to get used again anytime soon ... well , until the next time someone comes up with the bright idea of planning an annoying teambuilding event involving fake TV game shows , that is .
 I needed a bell for when my husband had surgery . It 's gentle but can be heard all over the house . Now it will be our dinner bell !
 Sound is bigger han the bell!Being used by cancer sufferer to call for help from family ... works wellWell done
 Purchased this bell to use during our wedding ceremony . The sound was clear and loud for the size and is easily heard in the video.Was able to dress this bell up by putting some ribbon strings on the handle to coordinate with our wedding colors.Very satisfied with this purchase .
 I purchased this bell for my mom . She is 90 years old , has assisted living in her home , is hard of hearing an has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . Her voice is very faint and the caregiver could n't hear her calls . We tried a baby monitor -LRB- which sounded terrible -RRB- and a 2-way radio . Mom did n't have the strength to operate the 2-way radio and is very technology challenged . She loves this new bell . It does n't weigh too much , is easy to use and suits her purpose perfectly .
 This bell is just right for calling someone from another room.The sturdy handle is comfortable to use.This is the third one we have bought.We have one in every room so that my disabled mother can call me without yelling .
 Great value - bell is small , only 4 + inches high but delivers clear crisp bell tone which can be heard throughout my home . Very happy with this product .
 This bell is the perfect size to keep on a side table or counter . The sound carries well if you need to summon people from other rooms of the house . Overall , it 's an excellent bell .
 Small and low tech ; makes us more comfortable that we will hear our ailing Mom when we are at the other end of the house or asleep .
 This bell sounds great , and is easy to handle . The sound is pleasant -LRB- not to tin-ny -RRB- . Can not find anything wrong with this product . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a handbell for a parade , school project , or for calling your maid over . ; -RRB-
 I just wanted a simple bell to participate in the celebratory ringing of the bells during Easter Vigil . It 's the perfect size with a pleasant tone .
 Perfect . A standard middle of the road bell but announced our &#34; Santa &#34; . It became also a new family tradition for when when the family was grouching , , or complaining , or basically talking negatively , or out of turn , and not being in the &#34; Proper Christmas Spirit &#34; . Someone would ring the bell to remind us . Having family from 7 , 24,33,59 , and 61 directly , and more on Skype , and other family and friends over , it made a inexpensive , minor thing , part of the highlight of adding fun and keeping us thinking about the real reason of the season . Laugh and let it go because that issue , which is always minor , goes away . Those times with family never do . Now we all laugh at any bell ringing , including my sister and brother-in-law out in Cali while we were in Ohio , and when we see it . Thats a memory that cost a couple dollars , and will be remembered forever , and used every Christmas from now on . Cant beat it .
 I bought this as a toy for my 18 month-old son to play with . He loves making sounds and music , especially with percussion instruments.This is just the right size and weight for his little hands . Overall , it 's about 4 inches long with the bell opening about 21/2 inches across . It weighs about 2 ounces -LRB- 55 g -RRB- . The sound it makes is very clear . The tone is about high C# , high enough to be clearly heard at a distance , but not so high that it gets easily annoying or grating . It rings very clearly , even in the clumsy grasp of a toddler.The handle is firmly attached . I do n't foresee any durability problems with that part . The clapper looks like it might possibly be at risk , but only if the child abuses it by pulling , twisting , or whatever other creative idea goes through his little baby brain .
 I Love the Hand Style Call Bell.It 's Nice too have when some is sick in the bed . : -RRB- Thank you .
 This bell was the perfect solution to our needs . We had the need to be heard in other parts of the house without screaming . This did the job . My only complaint is that if it gets wet for some reason , it rusts easily if not dried immediately . It would be the perfect purchase for many reasons . Classrooms , playgrounds , calling in children from playing outside , or as in our case , being able to get attention at home without screaming .
 I love how this bell has a clear and loud ring to it . You can even hear it over a classroom of noisy students . Just what I needed !
 This bell is small but a nice size to fit in a child 's hand and perfectly in an adults hand . What I mean by that is the handle is n't very long that it 'd stick up past your hand . The bell also is small next to other hand bells , although do n't let it fool you it can ring LOUDLY ! It was great for the the show I had to do in theater for one of my actors needed a bell to be a charity collector . In fact it works so well i had to put a bit of duck tape in it to dampen the sound so the actors could be heard over it . Great for any use and cheap too ! 5/5
 A bell is a bell , if your looking for something to summon your wife or mother when your sick , this is it . Happy with it
 I needed a way to get a group of people 's attention without raising my voice . This small bell does the trick . It is loud enough without being overwhelming . The price point is good . I would recommend to a friend or coworker .
 the bell was perfect ! It was for a show that we did at Fordham university and it worked out wonderfully ! It was sent and shipped nicely within reasonable time and made it to my apartment safe and sound .
 Works as intended . Has a loud , clear ring . The construction seems solid , wood handle , steel < ? > bell . The clapper appears secure and swings freely.Silver in color , not material -LRB- duh -RRB- . A good simple bell .
 I think its a fine bell . I got one for each of our kids and they havent needed them yet but if they want or need attention we will hear it ! Its not real loud like brass but its good enough for its job . Our kids like them because they are attractive and loud enough to get one of us coming . The bell is silver and works well . They measure about 4.5 inches .
 loved it . . just what i wanted it to do . . shipping was fast and billing was a snap .
 These cards are truly beautiful . They were a little pricey - but are very colorful - on the inside and out of each card . They are printed on heavy , quality stock - and are a good assortment of Birthday , sympathy , thinking of you , etc. . Very nice !
 I bought these cards as a gift for my elderly mother-in-law who has a hard time getting out to buy celebration cards . These are perfect and include birthday , anniversary , etc. . She loved them .
 THESE CARDS ARE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL CARDS I 'VE EVER SEEN !! EVEN THE ENVELOPES ARE BEAUTIFUL . GREAT FOR LETTER WRITING .
 The cards are beautiful and a great deal . they were packaged very well and arrived early before the estimated date . I would buy again and probably will with confidence from this seller and of course Amazing Amazon !! Thank you for the Fast Delivery and wonderful product .
 I 'm using two of these , front-to-back -LRB- or whatever the opposide of side-by-side would be -RRB- , as silverware trays in my very narrow kitchen drawers . They work perfectly for this purpose , although the knives are slightly too long and one end sticks out.The plastic is much nicer than most silverware trays .
 I bought this organizer to keep the small single-shot espresso glasses from Bodum that were always getting bumped around . It is perfect for this purpose and I envision for others as well . The small height -LRB- 2in -RRB- makes it perfect to keep on top of space-savers , with taller glasses and cups underneath . A bit pricey , but worth it , since our small Bodum glasses are now safe .
 I 'm a busy consultant with a home office . Inactive files are stored on deep -LRB- 18-20 '' -RRB- shelving systems in the basement and these strong , plastic split lid `` boxes '' are perfect . I 've been using them for a couple of years . They are easy to label , can be slid out part way and the lid opened to get a file out or put one in . They are designed for hanging files so files are easy to transfer from active to inactive -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- . The lids seal suffciently to protect files from the usual sources of deterioration -LRB- except , of course , fire -RRB- .
 Nice , sturdy file box , the cheapest I could find online or in-store -LRB- including shipping ! -RRB- . Note that if you are looking for file folders to put inside it , you 'll find those way cheaper on ebay than anywhere else !
 I think I got what I paid for here . I would rather have a rigid lid than a folding lid , but it 's not big enough of a deal for me to not buy more . My wife loves the folding lids , so that 's two votes for more purchases . We 've bought 4 so far , and use them for storage of computer parts and tools as well as filing storage .
 Perfect for storing files -LRB- in basement -RRB- . They stack right on top of each other & do n't take up much room .
 Sturdy , clear for easy reference , very cheap compared to metal cabinets . Perfect little mobile file box . We 've moved twice with it and it 's still in great shape .
 I too had the problem of the receipt printing out on the other half of the sheet -LRB- label -RRB- when printing my postage , but I solved it by only inserting one label into the printer , NOT one whole sheet . My printer simply stops printing when it detects the end of the page and spits out the label . I have a feeling this will work for most other printers as well . I would encourage all to try this once . For me , as a result of this technique , not a single label is wasted . I LOVE THEM !!! UPDATE : I got a new printer , a completely different brand and the above technique works like a charm in this one , too . I really think this works on all printers , give it a try ! : o -RRB- UPDATE ! Ron , of Life Defined Photography was kind enough to let me know that you can change a setting in paypal shipping preferences and this will cause your printer only to print the one half of the label . I found this setting and mapped out an exact path . Once you 've logged into your paypal , Follow these steps below : Under Profile click ` More Options ' ... then under the ` selling preferences ' column click ` shipping preferences ' ... then under ` printer ' click the ` edit printer settings ' link . You 'll see a box that says ` print receipt ' . Uncheck this box , then scroll to the bottom of the page and click ` save ' .
 Length :
 I have used these brand of Avery labels for over 3 years and I am very satisfied - no problems with smearing , curling , jamming , or sticking . It is so easy , just print , peel , stick and ship.Although it says for Laser printers , these work just fine in my inkjet printer as well . I use generic ink cartridges and the ink does not smear.Thse are cost efficient , I reduce my printing size to 80 % and print landscape so that I can fit 4 labels per page , without receipts . -LRB- When printing from paypal or click n ship , I select the option to not print a receipt . -RRB- They stick fine to bubble mailers , cardboard boxes , envelopes and poly bags . A breeze to use , cost efficient , and do the job .
 Avery labels are the best '' . I 'm printing about 2000 labels/week and Avery labels are the best . I 've tried less expensive , but Avery labels provide the `` TruBlock '' thickness , adhesive and print quality that we require . Great print quality on our inkjet printer -LRB- just do n't get the label wet -RRB- . Also they never jam the printer ; peel easily ; and do n't curl . Premium labels .
 Excellent product , a bit expensive but sticks to everything and covers up whats underneath . Works great in my laser printer and I have no complaints .
 Work great with both FedEx and UPS on-line shipping sites , Blocks out old labels on box so no worry about errors
 Was n't sure if I should spend the cash , but glad I did . Been using these for months and they work great every time ! So fast and much needed with my ecommerce/shipping business !!
 For the price , they cost a lot . But they are thick and black out anything that is in writing or printing underneath the label . The print perfectly with my printer . There has been no problems with them what so ever . Recommend to someone looking to have professional looking label printing when shipping out .
 I use these labels to print US Postal Service Click N Ship labels . They are very white , very thick , and print very cleanly and they never cause any jamming or feeding issues in my HP Laserjet 2550 . They do cover what you stick them on very well as advertised -- meaning you wo n't see barcodes or other addresses underneath . On the downside , the adhesion of these is not as good as Dymo type labels . If I am placing this on a box that is the same size as the label , I always put packaging tape around the edges of the label because I 'm not confident it is going to stay on during beating tossed around during shipping . I have n't tried the other brand mentioned here , but would be willing to . I 'm not disappointed with these and if you have a need I could recommend them , but I think there is some room for improvement on adhesion . Do n't get me wrong , their adhesion is n't as light as a post it or anything like that ... On the upside , they should n't ruin your printer rollers if one were to come off during printing and stick inside your printer -- which is a common problem when printing labels in a laser printer .
 I sell on eBay and Etsy and mail out many items.These have worked well for me.they do n't jam in the printer and stick to the package well .
 this product makesit so much easier to print , peel and mail with ease . Really like the seller and hope the price stays the same .
 The best labels ! 1 -RRB- They stick very well .2 -RRB- This labels are very durable .3 -RRB- You can use it with an inkjet printer , not only a laser printer -LRB- it was my main question , cause I have an inkjet -RRB- .4 -RRB- Good price for bulk.Will purchase it again and again .
 I have enjoyed the convenience of on-line shipping for years , but finally decided to try the adhesive shipping labels from Avery . Previously , I was printing on plain paper , cutting it to size and then taping the labels onto packages . Now I 'm wondering why I waited so long.TRUEBLOCK TECHNOLOGY?These labels are very convenient to use and are thicker than standard labels . There is a gray layer on the adhesive side which does a great job covering up anything under the label . This is what they must be referring to as TrueBlock Technology . This is great for those who like to reduce waste by reusing packaging.The result is a more professional-looking package.PROS : - Makes shipping much faster and easier - With TrueBlock Technology , the label effectively covers up what 's underneath - Looks more professional - Relatively inexpensiveCONS : - Costs more than plain paper -LRB- but I think it 's worth it , considering the convenience . -RRB- TIP : - If you use USPS Click-N-Ship , consider the option to `` Print labels without receipt -LRB- 2 per page -RRB- '' in order to reduce wasting labels .
 Other labels may seem like a deal in comparison , but I 've had such a problem with bad quality that I 've given up on generic brands . What good is a label that peels off , or smears ? If it requires more packing tape to secure it , then it 's not a deal anymore . Very exciting when one of these pops up under ` used ' by Amazon Warehouse deals . Great deal , cheaper than Staples , even with a sale . Grey backed , to cover any labels underneath without bleed through , which is an important feature , to me , compared to the generic varieties that do not .
 Not sure why these labels are getting such a bum rap , but they work beautifully in my laser printer , and there 's no problem feeding the &#34; used &#34; end -LRB- the side where a label has been removed -RRB- into the printer to print the other label.These labels adhere to boxes and padded envelopes with no trouble , and cover up old labels beautifully.I would highly recommend these , and this 200 label pack is the most economical .
 I think the price is fair considering that I paid $ 5 for a 20 pack at target when I wanted to try them out . They stick great to my packages too !
 They 're labels . No moving parts . No electronics . They stick to the packages which is their function . Hey , I 'm satisfied with the product .
 Dear Amazonians , Avery makes a great set of labels ! These labels stick to envelopes without peeling , and really do cover up anything beneath them so nothing shows through . They are brilliant ! One note however , these are USPS Express Mail-sized envelopes , I wish that there were also Priority Mail sized envelopes that I could buy . Since these are slightly larger than Priority Mail labels , some of the extraneous text around the labels gets printed out when using Click-N-Ship . I can see `` cut along dotted line '' print out , which makes these slightly less tidy than they should be when printing the smaller Priority Mail labels . However , the quality is top-notch and thus I will give these labels a five-star rating!Enjoy ! -- Daniel
 I have tried all kinds of cheap shipping labels on Amazon every single one of them gets gummed up in my printer . Not Avery ! Avery brand labels print perfectly and are easy to straighten and stack , which is really helpful if you do hundreds of labels at a time like I do . Laser printer labels work fine on my HP Officejet Pro 8600 . Amazon sells these for a third less than at Staples , which saves a lot of money too . Do n't cheap out , just get the good ones and save yourself some headaches .
 These are perfect for shipping out boxes that have old labels on them . No need to peel them off when you can just cover them up.We have looked at some of the other competitors out there and they are just not worth . Some curl , some are thinner and some do not block as well as others . Think about how much you are saving versus the hassle and decide how much your time is really worth ? You are going to maybe save a few pennies per label . If you have to reprint one or unjam your printer then is it really worth the couple cents you just saved .
 The labels stick securely , and the TrueBlock definitely covers anything underneath . My only problem is it seems when they cut them into the normal letter size pieces that the alignment was off just a bit as along one edge there is a tiny strip of sticky paper . This has to be removed from each piece before running it through the printer .
 I regularly use these labels to fulfill Amazon orders.they are expensive , but they never jam , they completely block out anything under the label and they always look good.they seem expensive for a label , but I never have any problems with them .
 These are my favorite labels for online shipping . I use them with PayPal for all of my shipping needs , and they have yet to fail me . They are very sticky and seem to stay on packages really well . I used to be worried that the edges do n't stick and was afraid that the labels might be ripped off during shipping , so once when I had accidentally typed an address wrong and had to void the label anyway , I stuck it on a package like I normally would , and tried to rip it off by one of the corners that seemed to not be sticking very well . I could n't get the label off without ripping the package ! I 'd say that 's a good label : -RRB-
 These labels are great for printing the USPS Labels for the items I sell on ebay when I print the label in paypal - sometimes I 'm afraid it wo n't adhere - the edges will come a little loose but they seemed to work OK - so far all the items -LRB- 300 + -RRB- that I 've sent in the past 3 months nobody has compalined of not receiving them
 I 've tried multiple brands , and Avery is best I 've used . Easy to remove the label . Print quality is good . Solid white -LRB- non see through -RRB- . We use them with a standard ink jet printer , and it works fine . Just do n't get it wet after printing , the ink will smear .
 Product is fine , but they need to make it clearer that it is 100 sheets , for those of us who use click-n-ship .
 It is a valentine 's gift from my beloved wife . The size is just right for my bag , the cover touches softly . Love it . It would be perfect if the credit card slot can be a little bit bigger , and the paper must be thick enough for fountain pen .
 I have back problems and had tried several desk chairs . I found a great price on this given that it is a top end chair . It has so many adjustment options that you will find one that meets your needs . Well constructed and quick delivery . Never had a better chair.Also , when it arrived I thought it was missing a part . I called customer service and they stated they would send the part out right away UPS . As soon as I hung up I found the part and called and canceled . Anyway , seemed to be good customer service . Very easy to put together .
 The chairs arrived quickly and I assembled them in fifteen minutes . They were very easy to assemble as the directions were clear . All the assembler needs is a philips screwdriver . The chairs are extremely comfortable and can be adjusted in many ways to suit each person . They were a little expensive , but are worth every penney . Highly recommended .
 Good binder , p Lu wish I could find them for cheaper ! Yeah only eight more words to go , 2 left !
 This product is helping my son and daugther learn handwriting skills a 100 % better than my previous worksheets .
 I am 5 ' 9 '' , 150 and believe that this chair would not be a good fit for anyone under 5 ' 5 '' -LRB- unless you have your own extra seat cushion as a booster ;-RRB- -RRB- . I have the lumber at the lowest setting and the head rest about an inch from the lowest setting , as it is most comfortable at the neck level.The armrests are not padded and worthless IMO . They just get in the way , so I have removed them.The chair off gas ' many noxious odors the first week , but that dissipates over time.THe back and seat material is not pleasant against the skin.Everything else is great and it 's much more comfortable than other chairs I 've had ! The chair is fairly well curved to my body , so the support is good . Can adjust the tension to lean back very far -LRB- 45 degrees and more -RRB- or not . The seat is well padded . Easily stays at the angle you want it , so you can rock back and forth it returns to your most comfortable angle.I 've added some hand cut old memory foam pieces to the back and encased it with a shirt to make it more comfortable.PS . In response to another review , The casters went in without any problems
 I have bought over 10 of these for my office and home office . The arm rests * are * crappy . When the warranty runs out , the replacement costs are prohibitive -LRB- so I buy another -RRB- . All that said , compared to the Herman Miller chairs -LRB- at half the price -RRB- , they are not bad .
 Everything I was looking for in a chair for my study . It is hard to find a chair that tilts , with an adjustable headrest , and has lumbar support . Tried Staples , Office Depot , and at least five other stores and could not find a chair that had all of the features this chair has . Great for sitting up doing computer work or for leaning back while playing video games on the TV . Previous reviews had negative comments about the arms . I really like them . With my previous chairs I always removed the arms . These arms are comfortable and are rubber coated and will last a lifetime . First chair that did not aggravate my chronic back .
 Several weeks ago , I bought a new little desk for my apartment . I figured I would save some money on the chair as well , so I cheaped-out and got a 60 dollar chair . Big mistake . If you sit at a desk for long stretches of time , a comfortable chair is a definite must . I was developing a sore back because of the cheap 60 dollar chair I had bought.So , I bit the bullet and bought this chair . You wo n't be blown away by how it looks , especially with the head rest . But , it is considerably more comfortable than my other chairs , which is all that matters in my opinion.The time it took to build the thing was minimal . I think it took me something like 15 minutes . Half of it was already built by the manufacturer.There is a tilt lock on it so you can lock the back into the position you like best . There is a tension knob on the bottom of the seat to adjust how easy it reclines . I did not understand what `` 2 to 1 synchro knee tilt '' meant in the description , so I will clarify for anyone else that is wondering . THE SEAT DOES NOT TILT AS MUCH AS THE BACK RECLINES ! You know how some chairs have the seat tilt in unison with the back ? Not this one . It is a 2:1 ratio . For every two inches the back tilts , the seat only tilts one inch . I am kinda bummed out by that . I was hoping the whole unit tilted as a whole , but whatever . It still feels natural , and therefore , comfortable . I will say that the back tilts VERY far , which I absolutely love . It almost tilts far enough to tip over if you loosen the tension far enough.The arm rests could be a little longer because when I lean back , only half my arm contacts the arm rest , but it is still comfortable . The height of the arm rests is adjustable , along with the head rests and lumbar support . Making these adjustable allows you to dial in your comfort . I would have liked to see the arm rests , head rest , and lumbar support made out of metal like the rest of the chair . I am not a huge fan of plastic on furniture . However , the chair is heavy -LRB- at least 60 pounds -RRB- , which makes me happy . The seat itself is as comfortable as it looks in the picture . I imagine it will get used to my back-side over the next few weeks , making it even more comfortable.If the head rest , arm rests , and lumbar support were made out of metal like the rest of the chair , I would have considered five stars . Making those parts metal would have affected the cost , but for comfort and durability reasons , the extra dollars are worth it if you plan on sitting in it for hours at a time . This is a very comfortable chair . I have only had it for a couple of days , and my back is thanking me already .
 As a state employee , we have contractual agreements with some state correctional facilities , which build office furniture using inmate labor . Some of it is fine , but , I had a chair that was so poorly designed and put together that I was starting to experience back and neck problems . There was a metal bar extending from the seat completely to the floor and it scraped against the plastic floor mat under my desk any time I even tried to move the chair 1/2 an inch . I either lurched around , scraping the plastic , or stood up and physically moved the chair to where I wanted it . Yes , btw , the chair did have wheels , for all the good they did.Vowing to find a less expensive product , which would free me from the contract , I began searching for office chairs . It is hard for me to rate this new chair , since a rusty lawn chair might have been an improvement over what I had , but , nevertheless , I am extremely pleased with the new chair . I can move around in it like a Ferrari on a race track compared to my old seating and it has great support for my neck and back . The seat does tip you slightly downward toward the front and I have not found a way to adjust this , but overall , a great product . Given the wide range of prices and options for office chairs , I think this hits the sweet spot of price to features and comfort.Things that might be handy to know -- I was able to put this together myself in about 10 minutes with no tools other than what came in the box . I am a large woman and find this chair roomy and sturdy .
 I got this chair after my old one 's cushion got flat , and i wanted something to be comfortable to sit on for a long time and especially with my back problem and this chair does it all and gives a great support sitting straight and leaning back . I had back surgery a week before i got the chair and I was very comfortable sitting on this chair most of the day working or watching TV.In conclusion , if you 're waving seconds thoughts I encourage you to get it since it will be a great purchase .
 Feels great on the back , adjusts as advertised , no complaints with the chair.I did have one problem with the assembly though - can anybody tell me how to get the casters to snap in place ? They 're just resting in their sockets right now , I tried everything i could think of to get them to snap in but without success -LRB- including a hammer and a 2x4 -RRB- . Would much appreciate some tips there .
 My new chair arrived in my office promptly after I placed my order . It was easy to assemble and is quite comfortable !
 First time buying a computer chair and was really nervous about buying one online because I would not be able to try it out without buying it first . Decided to get this chair after doing extensive research on the internet . Building the chair was fairly simple and took around 15-20 minutes . When I first sat on the chair I knew I would be satisfied with my purchase . I 'm 6 ' 0 '' and its a great fit . The seat is really nice and the head support is a nice addition . The chair feels sturdy and I do n't feel uncomfortable while sitting on it . I would really recommend this chair to anyone who is looking for a good chair and is willing to spend some money but does not want to spend too much .
 Bought this as a gift for the teacher in my life . It is a standard poster on thick paper and print is well done . It makes a great addition to a classroom !
 This colorful poster is useful for students to learn the different elements of novels . A good reminder for the classroom .
 I have purchased other grizzly items before . Mostly tools . But I am impressed with this tape . And ca n't get over the great price.Thanks Grizzly
 This answering machine answered my calls effortlessly . I have encountered no problems with the machine . I only wish it had come with caller ID on it as well .
 Every so often , I would actually remember to return a call , ask a question , or just say `` Hi , I 'm thinking about you '' to my stepdaughter Gina . Distance does not really make the heart grow fonder sometimes it simply distances us from our loved ones . One day , after trying to reach her on ten different occasions I had this answering machine shipped to her as a gift.This changed her thoughts from `` You never return my calls '' to `` Hi . You called ! `` The device is simple , easy to install , and does not require the plethora of tapes that older systems did . You do have to record your own greeting unless you mind the digital mechanical voice . It is not a bad voice , particularly if you like the futuristic machines R2D2 and C3PO -LRB- Star Wars androids -RRB- . I have noticed that some of the reviewers for this particular machine did not have quite the success that I have had . Unfortunately in manufacturing there are times when a lemon squeezes through quality control , but they can be returned . However , Gina received her gift at the end of February , and loves it . She has never had a problem . She knows the day and time a call came through , has programmed the nine number memory module for speed dial , and , since we live in the land of rolling blackouts -- California , has used the Message Guard feature.This answering machine can also be used to avoid unwanted calls , because you hear what the caller is saying . Personally , I hate to pick up the phone and have a digital direct marketing service determined to sell me some product that I absolutely have to have even though I did not know about it before they called . These are the calls that are happily limited to no more than four-minutes , along with all others . I have discovered that 240 seconds is enough for any friend to leave their name , number , and a brief message . This also means that if I by some horrible quirk of fate I get 59 messages , I can just pull the plug and delete the entire data base ... then `` embarrassingly '' state that my answering machine lost calls . Who has not wanted to do that?You can feel as if your are riding Pegasus through the sky , and when you return to earth you can decide which calls you want to return.This answering machine is five stars for : * convenience * ease of installation * streamlined digital answering machine and telephone * call monitoring ability * excellent price
 This phone is great , but there 's no place to write the numbers you 've stored in memory . The manual mentions a `` directory card '' but I ca n't find it . Oh well .
 It is an excellent product and it looks good but how can I buy this product if it is shipped only in US ? How can I find something like this so that I can buy it ? Thank You
 I , for one , am very pleased with this phone . I bought it because the Visual Message Waiting indicator on my caller ID box was n't working right , and I was sick of dealing with the two separate boxes . I 'll agree the backlight being on all of the time is a little annoying , but otherwise I found it very easy to set up , the voice mail and caller ID features work great , and it 's all-around a very good phone . For under $ 100 , I found none better .
 I use this phone in my home office with Verizon caller-id and voicemail services and it works great . The caller id works for both lines as does the voicemail indicator light.The phone was painless to setup . It is very clear which lines are in use , which lines caller id calls went to , etc. .
 I was pretty suprised at how well this phone worked . I was basically looking for a cheap speaker phone , as I was planning on putting it on mute , listening in on meetings , and picking up the reciever if I had to say something . The sound quality ended up being so good , I use it without the mute . The sound quality both for me and the recieving party is better than the one at my office . The one caviat is that the speaker and mike operate off the power that comes through the phone line . Because of this , if my wife picks up the other line , the sound in both directions becomes very faint . The manual says that this is the case , and says that if you have several phones , this can happen as well . I have 5 phones on the line , and as long as they 're all hung up , everything works great .
 I purchased two of these phones and they work great . I do n't see why others do n't like the display on all of the time . I like it . That way , you can always see it clearly no matter what the room lighting is . After all , it 's lit with LED 's that do n't draw that much current and do n't burn out . My only gripe is I ended up using one in my work room and one in the garage because I decided it was too big and commercial looking to use in the kitchen . I 'm still looking for a smaller sleek looking 2 line trimline style caller id phone for the kitchen wall without a speakerphone , with buttons only in the handset , etc. . The phone companies keep pushing all of these extra lines . Well , we have them , now they need to give us the phones we need so we do n't need all of these stupid line selector and caller id boxes !
 I have only one problem with this phone . The dialing buttons with numbers tend to stick and I have to hit them really hard and sometimes have to redial because a key may not connect.Otherwise I have no sound , scrolling or caller Id problems .
 This telephone has been a delight in the three months that I have owned it . It sits on my computer desk , alerts me to the identity of my incoming calls , takes up a minimum of space and has proven faultless in its operation and setup . For the price it was a steal .
 This is a good phone , especially for the low price . The caller ID works great and the keypad lights up and has a wide variety of functional buttons including a large flash button for those of us with larger digits ; no more mashing the keypad . Buy this phone .
 I like this phone for one reason -- it 's simple . Like me , If you do n't need a lot bells and whistles in a telephone -LRB- most of which do n't get used anyway -RRB- , then this the phone for you . The price is not bad either .
 Good Value for under $ 10 . Advantage over cordless phone is no need to find a plug for the darn A/C adapter . I have three throughout the house and the only drawback that I 've experienced is that the info-packed LED display may be be difficult to read depending on the room 's ambient light sorce during the course of the day .
 The price is reasonable and it works . I got this becauses my old phone got rained on . I live in a college dorm - I hardly ever use the phone except to order food . It works fine for that ; I 'm happy .
 This phone has just about anything you can want on a slim-line ... The ID and everything about it ...
 I LIKE THIS PHONE BECAUSE OF THE CALLER ID -LRB- IT DOES N'T SAY ON HERE BUT YOU NEED TO GET SERVICE FROM YOU PHONE COMPANY FOR IT -RRB- AND THE MEMORY BUTTONS . THIS PHONE HAS A LOT OF CAPABILITYS INCLUDING RINGER SHUT OFF , PULSE OR TONE , REDIAL , MUTE , VOLUME CONTROL , AND CAN BE WALL OR DESK MOUNTED . FOR THE WHILE I HAD THIS PHONE IT HAS WORKED WELL . SO I WOULD RECCEMED IT TO YOU !
 I had one similar that fit in the space on the wall.It needed replacement so I decided to get a new one just like it because it worked so well .
 When I purchased this I should have bought several . I can no longer find this in the stores . This exactly the phone model I have , and in the White . Amazon offers another in silver , with a slightly different item number . I am strongly considering ordering that one !
 The AT&T 272 provides excellent quality , clear sound in an easy to use package . The phone appears to be well built and durable and it provides all the functionality needed for a basic phone . It works well with two lines and using the conference call feature is straight forward . The lighted buttons are a useful feature , especially in the bedroom where you might use the phone in the dark . The only real problem with the phone is that the `` line in use '' lights which are designed to indicate if an extension anywhere in the house is off hook sometimes do not work and you may find yourself picking up the phone while someone else is on the line . I would recommend this phone to anyone , especially at its price . The quality of this phone is far higher than most selling at its price point .
 It was very comterble to talk into . I LOVE IT !!!!!!
 We originally purchased a Sony 900 MHz but were disappointed with the sound quality . This phone sounds great . As mentioned in another review you do hear your own voice when talking but you get used to it in a couple of weeks . I called AT&T and they told me this is characteristic of the DSS phones.The beeping sound made by the phone when dialing is very loud . There is a small hole on the side of the phone the sound comes through . If you place a finger over the hole when dialing it will mute the beep.I called AT&T customer service to ask about the voice and beep issues . They first try to get you to listen to a recorded message that is limited to a few issues . I was able to speak to a live person but again their knowledge was limited to what they could read from the manual . When the person I was speaking to could not finally answer my questions she took my number and a trained technician called me the next day . It was wonderful having an intelligent person to deal with . I would buy the phone just for this level of customer service!Finally , in the several weeks that we have owned the phone it was once `` dead '' when we tried to use it . We always keep it in the base so I can not explain why this happened . I called AT&T and listened to a recorded message with a solution that solved the problem.I highly recommend buying this phone .
 This phone is wonderful . The clarity is superb . The answering system is easy to use and unlike another reviewer I found it very clear both making an announcement and playing back messages . The beep that some of the reviewers wrote about is not a big deal . It is n't that loud . I was torn before I bought the phone because of some of the reviews , but I have an AT&T analog phone and was very happy with it so I wanted to try another AT&T product . I gave it a try and am very happy I did . This is positively the best cordless phone I have ever had -LRB- and I 've had plenty -RRB- .
 This is my first cordless or digital phone . It does not have a great number of `` bells and whistles , '' but that is the way I wanted it . The sound quality is great , and so is the price . The `` echo '' one hears of one 's own voice takes a little getting used to , but I understand that is a property of all cordless digital phones . The small $ 10 headset that goes with this phone works quite well , too .
 This is a very good phone and I 'm glad I bought it . I 'm a consistent AT&T phone buyer for the reliability and features . I like the new stationary antenna - no more pulling the antenna out or forgetting to push it back in before returning the handset to the base unit . Very clear reception - I do n't notice any of the echo others have mentioned . Nice compact handset with well laid out buttons - easy to use - like the mute button . Only two negatives
 This phone has been very reliable . The only complaint I would have is that messages get cut off after 20 or so seconds , which is annoying . Otherwise , I think it 's a great cordless phone .
 We 've had this phone about a year , and really like it . The phone and answering machine controls are straightforward , and the clarity has been fine . It takes a beating -LRB- dropped many times -RRB- and has held out very well . My only complaint is that , when wall-mounted , the phone is held on by a piece of plastic about the size of 1/4 a toothpick . This piece broke off after about two months of being on the wall , and the phone will only now stay on the unit if we use a fix patch made from tape and a paperclip .
 This phone is my first excursion into the world of 900 MHz telephones . I am quite pleased with this product . It has at least two times the range of my old AT&T 5470 which it replaced . The battery back-up for the base station is a useful feature , especially if you are stuck with an unreliable electric utility company . The handset is noticeably smaller than a conventional cordless and is very portable . A user will find the keypad difficult to use only if he has fingers the size of bananas . I also purchased the AT&T 90800 headset for use with this phone and recommend it as a useful accessory . Overall , this phone has proven to be as advertised .
 I bought this phone recently and am pretty happy with it . I also have hands free set attached to it and it has been working admirably . The only complaint is the sound sometimes seems to have a little echo . Although it is somewhat noticeable , it has not really been an issue with sound quality . I also like the size of the handset because if your using it with the hands free set you can just slip it right into your pocket . As to one of the reviews complaining it being to small , I have not experienced this personally . Other than that miner defect I have noticed nothing else wrong with this phone . I would recommend it . Also the range of this phone is great .
 After trying 10 different phones , this phone had the greatest range -LRB- more than 2.4 GHz -RRB- . The phone fits into a pocket and is easy to carry around . We use 7 of these phones at our company and they work great in a 60,000 sq ft building with many rooms . It has the best range -LRB- by far -RRB- of any consumer cordless phones we tested .
 This telephone has outstanding range and clarity . It 's at least double the earlier 900 Mhz phones . Compact and very light , fully recharges in 4 hours and comes with a spare battery . This phone has a 4 step volume adjustment and the button is right on the handset .
 I have three of the HS 8500 phones . My family uses them simultaneously with no cross-interference at distances up to 1/2 mile . No other phone - especially the gigahertz phones - have been this good or this dependable . The battery problem is fixable . For those of you disillusioned with the 8500 or the 9520 , I 'd like to take them off your hands .
 I needed a phone that could go outdoors with me around the house and down the street to see the neighbors . This phone is a wonderful size to tote around even without the belt clip ; fits in the pocket . The clarity is outstanding . Sure it 's not as nice as the larger handsets to cradle on your shoulder but the ease of transport outweighs that factor for me . I had an enGenius phone and while that model had a better tonal quality , ... the distance on the 9520 is just as good . Our lot sizes down here are 100 ' widths and I went 6 doors down ... factor in the cement walls it has to penetrate and you have a winning item . The design is good . It 's going on two weeks all over the place and so far nothing but good things to say .
 I read the past reviews , and decided to you give my opinion about this phone . For the past year I have had problems with numerous phones . This is the first of the five phones I did not return . The other phones were well known brands , but this AT&T phone had the best quality . There are different volumes to adjust the voice of that caller . I am a very picky person , and this phone passed the test . I am even buying the caller id version of this phone for my mom for xmas . This is a cool phone . Buy it : -RRB-
 PROS :1 -RRB- Lots of features and easy to use .2 -RRB- Good sound -LRB- for a cordless -RRB- on the phone and better than average sound -LRB- for digital -RRB- on the answering machine.CONS : I 've only discovered one serious one , which many others here have mentioned
 Frankly , I 'm perplexed by the bad reviews of this phone I see here . I 've had the phone for a year with no significant problems . Sound quality is clear , the phone is packed with features -LRB- 2 mailboxes , speakerphone , etc. -RRB- , it 's never lost a call for me , and it 's just -LSB- money -RSB- at this writing . Yes , there 's a one-second delay when you press the `` phone '' button to answer or make a call . Big deal ! As for the handset being too small , I prefer it that way because it fits in my pocket . That 's helpful when you 're often carrying an infant and/or moving from room to room . My lone complaint
 I bought this phone and have had no problems . The talk time is exceptional -LRB- my Sony was maybe a half hour -RRB- . I just use it around the house and it 's the clearest cordless I 've used yet .
 I 've had one for a while and it words great . I ca n't believe how long I suffered using an old analog tape message answering system . I payed a bit more for mine at another store but do n't regret that because I hate phone troubles and this one so far has had none .
 I purchased this to use with pepper spray . The pull apart key ring is a safety feature I wo n't do without . I can easily put it off my key ring if I need to , or to use the pepper spray quickly and noiselessly -LRB- without keys jangling -RRB- . Also , if your keys are demanded of you , it disengages quickly for you to keep !
 There 's not too much to say about a key holder , except whether or not it does its job ! This one does ! It has very high quality construction and promises to last for many years . It is exactly what I wanted , and could not be better for my purpose .
 This key ring has made it much easier for me to carry my keys . I have to regularly separate my USB flash drive to use in my car , and carrying the drive separately would be a pain . My only major gripe with this key ring is that it is long , it basically adds 2 inches to your key chain . In my case adding this key ring to my key chain allows it to rub against my leg annoyingly when my car key is in the ignition . This is not enough to make me abandon the device , but it 's something to consider if your keys are already unwieldy .
 I love this key ring ! It allows me to separate my huge set of work keys from my personal key on the weekends and whenever I want to lighten my load . I have had it for about a month now and no real problems . The latch mechanism got a little sticky once or twice , but I was able to get it un-stuck fairly easily . I also had a problem getting my really fat car key onto the tight , tiny rings attached to each end , but I got around this by using an old ring that did stretch to accommodate my large key and then attached that ring to one end of this device.Its not a heavy duty device , but for small groups of keys it is great .
 This key ring works great . It keeps your keys from weighing down the ignition key for your vehicle . Just disconnect your ignition key from the rest of your keys before you start your vehicle . It keeps the weight of your keys from causing wear to your ignition lock .
 I purchased two of these , one for my wife , and find they work wonderfully . If they last may be another question for i have not had them long but so far well satisfied
 This key ring was purchased for the keys of my motorcycle so that I can detach it before using it , and finally reattach the ignition key once I am done riding . I have owned this key ring for 4 + months and this little marvel works great ! You are guaranteed to never loose any of your keys if you ensure to correctly reattach the detached key . This product works very well for what it was designed to do , it is secure but it can not help with people that are careless .
 Seems sturdy , seems like it will hold . I do n't use it all the time . The edges could have been smoother , seems a bit sharp/bulky . Would buy again if I could n't find another one just like it with smoother edges .
 Does exactly what it says it does , and does it well . Ca n't really ask for more . Had it a week or two now and it has n't broken or shown any problems , despite the fact that I 'm a serial fidgeter .
 This item is great for the person that drives to local parks to run or hike but does n't want to drag all their keys out on the trail w / them . Light weight and pretty durable .
 Exactly the type of valet keychain I was looking for , and it got here faster than I expected . Looks and feels like a high-quality product that will last a very long time . I will definitely recommend this to others !
 Not much to review here , but I 'll say this key ring is exactly what I was looking for . There were a couple to choose from here , and some reviews said they were flimsy and fell apart . This one feels sturdy , and has held up perfectly so far .
 The key ring worked exactly as advertised . High quality and durable . Very convenienct for separating car keys from house keys .
 It is what it is . Cheap and serves it 's purpose . I am satisfied with it . There is only so much to say about a keyring .
 I needed a way to easily take off my house key from the rest of my keychain when I go for a walk in the neighborhood . This key ring is very inexpensive , which is what I was looking for , but it works perfectly for me . I 've never had issues with it getting stuck so I ca n't pull it apart , or not fitting back together . The two sections do not pull apart unless you intend for them to . This product has met my needs and works perfectly for me , and I have no complaints . Great price for what I needed , too .
 I bought this to replace my old keychain . It was a different product but did the exact same thing . This does it 's job and seems pretty sturdy . However , the ridge -LRB- used to grip when pulling apart -RRB- is very small , smooth and gradually curved , so on the first grab when trying to separate , your fingers might slip off . Especially if they are wet or greasy . The ridge could be a little bigger and textured.other than than , great product
 Works well . Little sticky at first trying to take it apart but if you want it to hold well it does . little bit of corrosion appearing on the inside -LRB- mine got wet in the snow -RRB- but aside from that this works .
 I have been looking for a product like this for years . I had one before but over the years it was among the missing . I am glad to have it back . The benefit is that you can isolate keys and not need to carry all of them all of the time . I have my house key isolated , for instance , such that when I go for a walk I do n't have to drag a huge bundle of keys with me . And if I have to leave the keys somewehere , like a repair garage , I dont have to leave the house key too . Excellent product and good price ...
 I work in the accounting office at our company and for security reasons need to lock my office door when I leave for any length of time , such as to attend a meeting , etc. . This pull-apart key chain is great because I can easily remove my office door key from my main key ring and take just that key with me in my pocket to meetings rather than having to drag along my entire handful of keys -LRB- house , cars , mailbox , etc. -RRB- I 've been using it for about 8 months now and it 's holding up really well . If/when it breaks I will be back to purchase another just like it . Thumbs up !
 The dealership where we usually buy our cars gives the keys to a new car on one of these rings . I 've liked them for years because of the speed and ease with which you can separate your house key from your car key when turning your car over to someone you do n't know . I 've never had one break or fail to function in any way.My husband totalled his car -LRB- not his fault , but I complained anyway ; I know my duty -RRB- , and when he gave the key to the insurance company representative he took off his house key and left the car key on that half of the ring , so I had to buy another one -LRB- I 'm not terrible ; I virtuously told him it could happen to anybody -RRB- . This one was the exact match for the half he had kept , and it appears identical to the ones that have served us so well and have been so convenient to use , so I do n't hesitate to recommend it.It 's very inexpensive , but it 's been one of those small things that make life a bit easier .
 This keychain is a must - place your home keys on one side , and your single car key on the other . If you are valet-parking your car , you can separate your home keys from the car key so that the home keys remain with you . If you are ever in an attack situation , you can throw the home keys clear from you to keep them away from your attacker . This keychain pulls apart easily . Not the prettiest you have owned - but the smartest !
 The pull-apart design is great for when I want just my car key not the whole key ring . I have used on of these for more than 10 years .
 I got what I wanted Excellent product and I feel happy with the outcome . I would definitely recommend any body .
 Mine was shipped in a two-pack but I see now that these are shipped individually . This is the best break-apart key ring available -LRB- I 've tried others and none have the strength of this one -RRB- since the one exactly like this that used to be made out of brass is no longer available . Of the two that I received , one lasted about a month and then broke , so good thing I had the second one on hand . the second one has lasted over 4 months now and I 'm hopeful that it will hang in there for a long time . The brass one I had lasted for several years and simply wore out from use . This one is the same design as the brass one , so it 's a good design .
 I purchased this for my guy so he could leave his truck running and take the key fob with him . He loves it . I highly recommend this for anyone who lives in areas where the weather gets cold . You can start your vehicle , lock it , and take the fob with you .
 Works fine . I got a couple of these so I could quickly swap car keys . It was longer than I expected and added too much bulk to my keys , so I do n't use it .
 Husband loves it as he always has to detach his car key from his other keys so perfect for him .
 mine works fine with 5 keys , a usb memory stick , led light and multiple mini club cards for grocery stores , shopping , etc. .
 I needed a pair of these to be able to separate my car keys from my house keys so that I did n't have an excessive bulge in my pants when I just wanted to go pick some milk up at the local mart . I bought 2 pairs of these because I expected them to break as did another pair of pull-apart key ring , that I bought somewhere else , did . -LRB- What did I expect from a package that had turned yellow over the years ? -RRB- In short , these did n't break as easily . Therefore , I had a 2nd pair I needed to do something with . Therefore , I made a pair of mini nunchucks . Sure , at first when faced with a guy who wanted the same cab as me he laughed and snickered . But once you start whipping those bad boys around with jagged moments my challenger backed the F * off.Granted I used these things for undocumented use , but what does a bruthah need to do to get a cab ` round here ?
 Been using mine since 2008 , and it 's still working great . I 'm guessing the defect with the ball sticking ... only happens some of the time ?
 I was looking for a key ring with a pull-apart feature and this was perfect ! Unless others received defective products , I do n't understand their dilemmas . I 've had mine for one month and it works fine . I must say that I 'm not pulling apart my rings on a daily basis , but it serves its purpose .
 This keychain works as you would expect it to . The connector is very solid ; I can put some good strain on it and it holds together still . It is fairly easy to remove too , even possible to do it with one hand .
 I thought that this would be cheap quality but I am surprised . I have been worried that it might separate and I will loose my work keys but it has proven me wrong !!
 I got 4 of these so my wife and I could mix and match between our house keys and car keys . I have a set of house keys and a set of work keys and have had a quick release on that set for a long time so I could give some one my car keys and not my work keys.For many years I had a truck that my wife very seldom drove and she had a SUV that she mainly drove but that we would both drive on trips of any distance . We recently got rid of the truck and got another SUV we both will be driving . The key combinations got a little messy so now we each have a set of house keys , I have my work keys and we attach any car key to the house/work set we need.We just started but so far it all seems to be working out pretty well.These start out a bit difficult to separate when new but as they get used I think that will improve .
 Is a great product for the price ... have a great experience with the seller . . has been delivered on time . . i do recomemd the seller as the product
 this product seems `` ok '' i also have a TI-89 titanium , and the TI seems to be better . maybe because i do not know how to used the HP calc , but i find the menus more difficult to navigate . overall its been 4 months since i owned it and i still have not made the change from the TI to the HP . and i still quite havent grasp how the Hp calc actually works .
 HP 50g Graphing Calculator -LRB- F2229AA #ABA -RRB- The # 9 key did n't work . HP was out of stock and no known date for receiving more . Amazon took it back and within a couple of days I had a new one !
 Is a good product the best thanks to the seller for your price is amazing
 Got this calculator for use in electrical engineering courses . It has been a great help , especially with symbolic math and laplace transforms . It is comparable to the TI89 , but the polish notation is a great feature that HP calculators have . No real complaints , great product .
 The calculator is the best and very fast.I recommend .
 Muito boa calculadora . Era usu&aacute;rio da 48SX e acabei tendo que comprar essa 50G . Muito satisfeito com o produto .
 i just receive my Hp50G and i just can say ... its really good and its a great calculator , im telecomuinications engeneering student , so is pretty sure will be a my personal assistance becuause u can dowload hundeds aplication from hpcalc.org or ia a search engine type Hp50g and will get the greatest apps ... im so pleaseant wiht the service from amazon team that assist me to get the best itema nd get the fast and secure shipping metod.-i really recomend this item
 HP makes really good calculators . I am very fond of the old HP 48 but my wife loves this one .
 Overall I love the thing but , only get a 1 gig flash sd card , from what I have figured out in manual anything bigger then 1 gig card wo n't work , and well it wo n't start with a 4 gig sd card in it .
 This calculator is a value . Documentation on how to interface this calculator to the home computer could be improved . However , documentation for an versital tool of a machine like this is a challenge .
 I had preveiously a HP42S an this model is great.NOTE
 I am not sure , whether this is the best available calculator on the market or not -LRB- Casio PRIZM and TI-NSpire are its key competitors -RRB- , but I have been a proud owner of this gadget now for two years and I love it ! The 2300 functions are a bit overkill for me , but I do not mind them ... :-RRB- The multiline screen with RPN stack are killer features - whenever I have to work with a single line or an algebraic calculator I just simply get crazy . I want to SEE the previously calculated numbers ... E.g. calculate -LRB- 150/140 -RRB- ^ -LRB- 1/5 -RRB- -1 -LSB- that is , CAGR % in 5 years for something which has raised from 140 to 150 -RSB- , it is really amazing that I can easily calculate first 150/140 , see the result -LRB- 1.07 ... -RRB- in the stack , and then calculate 1/5 , and then with one button combine the two in logical order , and then make the -1 ... And I can ALWAYS see what has already been done . This is one feature which other product lines -LRB- TI , Casio etc. -RRB- never will be able to reproduce only with 3rd party extensions -LRB- due to the lack of RPN -RRB- . The negative things : - Battery compartment door is really weak . Its a shame . It has to be fixed with a tape ... Shame ! - I do n't like HP 's product strategy that the HP 50g lacks the financial functions of 12C ... It can do TVM calculations pretty good , but it lacks bonds , IRR , etc. etc. . . They can be done with 3rd party software , but hey HP , it is a stupid thing ! No one will buy 2 calculators , one for business and one for other calculations - why do n't you build THE perfect calculator which knows everything ?? Okay bonds can be made with the built-in function , but IRR can not be done . - RPL must be good but the documentation is definitely a crap ! - User interface is that of the 19th century ... brrrr ... it is way too complicated . Why do n't you learn something from the last 20 years computer science , how to make a good user interface , menu system etc. ?! But , beyond these annoyances , the calculator is great !
 To make this as succinct as possible , this is the most powerful calculator I have used . The TI-89 Titanium pales in comparison to this machine . True , the TI-89 Titanium is a lot more user-friendly , but once you get past the learning curve of the HP-50g , you will never look back . The most amazing feature of this calculator is RPN , which allows you to perform complex calculations without losing track of your variables and not have to worry about missing a parentheses somewhere . Really just a great calculator , I would definitely recommend it .
 I received the 50g about a month ago and so far I have been quite impressed . Unfortunately I can not compare it to the TI 89 because the 50g is replacing my old TI 86 which I believe was discontinued 5 or 6 years ago.Pros : - Very powerful . I am still going through the manual so I have not seen everything it can do yet , but so far it is impressive . -LRB- Manual is almost 900 pages long -RRB- - RPN . Much nicer way to work once you get used to it . - SD card slot - File structure is very similar to a computer . Very nice . I created a `` School '' folder , and all my classes as sub folders of school . Great way to store equations that you use often . - The Units menu . This may seem like an odd choice , but as an engineering student it has been very helpful . You can assign units to numbers and perform math on them carrying the units along in the calculations . Very nice feature for engineers.Cons : - Because of the huge number of operations this calculator can do it is rather complicated to operate . Many buttons will do 4 , sometimes 5 different things depending on the combination of the Alpha and shift keys . Also to get to certain functions , sometimes they are buried in a series of menus , and sub-menus . - Certain functions , particularly the Graphing and the Equation Solver automatically create all these variables that end up filling your variable list . Kind of annoying . - Calculator has kind of a cheap feel to it . But what do you expect these days.Other Thoughts : - Comes with a nice leather case - Fairly customizableConclusion : A great choice for engineering , math , or science majors . However be prepared for a fairly steep learning curve . HP has done things quite differently from TI . Which in some cases made things better , and other cases not so much . The graphing on the HP has much more in the way of options . However the extra options made it much more complicated . It seems that HP took this approach for most of the functions in the 50g . Options over simplicity .
 Love my new HP 50g ! My old 48 sx finally bit the dust , and I was concerned I 'd never be able to find anything comparable during the waning days of calculators . The 50g does not disappoint . While there is some adjustment in becoming familiarized with the key location and operation , it nevertheless does capture the quality construction , crisp key operation and versatility of its predecessor . In fact I think I prefer it to the 48 sx . Highly recommended for any science/engineering type who has experience with and loves HP products from the past .
 Overall an excellent calculator . The extensive user manual is very good , although in electronic format only . The battery life could be better , but regardless the batteries last a few months as I use the calculator everyday .
 I really ca n't say enough good things about this calculator . I run circles around people who have the TI-89 . I can factor , do long division with polynomials , graphing is great , expanding polynomials , imaginary numbers , solving equations . I do n't know how to do everything on this calculator yet but what I can do has helped me make sure that I get an A in class . I highly recommend this calculator .
 This works perfectly and for me who are studying engineer are very useful in my college to learn better how to use a graphic calculator
 I am studying electronics . I am in my third year in university.I have been using other math and graphic calculators ... but this is the one I needed.This certainly helps me out a lot to make quicker advanced math calculations -LRB- matrices , determinants , equation systems , etc. -RRB- . I can copy formulas and even write text on it -LRB- I just plug in my HP50g to my PC -RRB- !! And I am just starting to learn how to use all its features !
 HP 50G es lo mejor que he probado en m&agrave;s de 40 a & ntilde ; os que he venido utilizando este tipo de implemento , para el c&agrave;lculo matem&agrave;tico y la escritura de algoritmos en lenguaje de programac&ograve;n , muy utilizados en ingenier&igrave;a.Lo que m&agrave;s utilizo en esta calculadora es el lenguaje RPN que trae . Este es un lenguaje muy pr&agrave;ctico , con &egrave;l la programaci&ograve;n en cursos de M&egrave;todos Num&egrave;ricos es reamente sencilla . Se pueden escribir programas de cierta complejidad con muy pocas instrucciones ; e incluso , muchas de estas instrucciones est&agrave;n sintetizadas y colocadas en el teclado de modo que con un simple click las introducimos en el prograqma que estemos escribiendo .
 So far I 'm pretty happy with the 50g but I do n't like it as much as my trusty 48gx that I used for almost a decade . One major PITA is doing unit conversions , no where as easy as with the 48 . Do n't get me wrong , it is a great product and I may get used to it in time .
 Good and convenient , nice to use . I use it far not regularly and sometimes I have to find out where am I now in its maze of options . Several times it took 5-10 minutes to get up to speed after of a month away of this fun . I would like more developed help system.From functionality point it is near the excellent position . Fast response and nice-to-touch keyboard are the features giving you a pleasure to use it .
 This is not a calculator for the faint of heart , or people who never use anything but the + - * / keys . -LRB- Or even if you add square and square root into the mix . -RRB- There are a lot of other calculators out there to serve that need ; even with RPN -LRB- reverse polish notation - the hallmark of most HP calculators . -RRB- This is a calculator for those who : * Work equations and want to solve for independent variables . * Work with unit conversions . * Need graphing functions . * Want to do algebra , trig , and calculus symbolically . * Want both algebraic and RPN ability , or just RPN.orSimply want the most advanced dedicated calculator money can buy , and do n't mind investing the time to learn to use it .
 If you do n't want a TI then these are great calculators . I never really used TIs and when I finally needed to buy a graphing calculator I got this one instead of a TI because I was told HPs are better for engineers and that this calculator was going to be more powerful as well . That may be true , but so far I have n't seen a huge difference between the two.It 's a good calculator by any means and I 'm happy with it , but I 'd only really recommend it to people who do n't like TIs or need the specific features of the HP because most people out there are going to have TIs and you are going to have to learn how to do everything on the HP on your own . This may pay off down the road , but unless you are absolutely a full time user of calculators , it 's a bit of a pain .
 This was a gift for my 82 year old surveying buddy . He is moving up from the HP45 which replacement parts are getti ng hard to find .
 Great calculator . Engineers and Scientists will just love it . There is nothing it ca n't do . this is definitely more practical and user friendly than a computer for everyday use of new problems . For repeating solutions , a spread sheet would naturally be more desirable .
 It takes a while to get used to RPN , but it is completely worth it , It 's much cheaper than a new TI89 , and seems a bit faster in my experience . The matrix editor has been a joy to use , and the graphing is quick and accurate . The stack is , well , I do n't know how I got by without it before . If you do n't want to use RPN , the stack alone makes this calculator worth the asking price . Algebraic mode works fine , but is not as quick for mental calculations so I stick with RPN -LRB- think x ^ 2 instead of square x -RRB- It also has a SD card slot to increase storage capacity -LRB- good luck finding a < 1GB SD card though -RRB- Edit
 The main reason I bought this calculator was because I thought the back-lit TI nSpire CX that I have would be a bit awkward to use during tests . Coming from TI , this one has a bit of a learning curve , but it 's not hard to pick up if you 're not bad and figuring things out on your own . Of course , it does have a built-in manual for most of the commands , which is great!Considering RPN mode , I have not used RPN , or even heard of it before I ordered this calculator . When I looked up what it was , I was very interested in trying it . Now that I have used it and started to get used to it , it is great ! I have not taken the calculator out of RPN mode.As for loading additional software
 If you 're buying this with the expectations that you will be able to convert yourself from using a Texas Instruments calculator straight out of the box , then you should rethink this purchase . Do n't get me wrong , it 's a great calculator and has all the features -LRB- if not more -RRB- top-end TI calculators have . However , be prepared to go through the included starting guide -LRB- > 1hr -RRB- to really be able to use this calc . It will be a rough ride trying to learn it without going through the starting guide . Trust me , I tried and failed . Other than that , I have no complaints about this calculator . There is a lot of online support on the hp website in the form of pdf walkthroughs for specific functions . Being a student , I have n't dived into all the features that this calculator can do , but I think that all the features will keep me busy for the foreseeable future .
 This HP50G is by far the best Graphing calculator in the market as of now . It is fast , and capable of doing many things , yet it can be complicated to use for the average student . I 'm still learning how to use the thing as I am currently writing this review . If you do not mind putting hours into learning the manual yourself then this product is for you . Some might be scared because of their classes and Instructors only uses TI models , but do n't be scared . Once you 've mastered how to use it you 'll be the one in the classroom with the competitive edge from the rest . For those that are first time buyers for calculators I may have to suggest getting the Casio 9860G model for its easier learning curve . The Casio 9860G is just as good as the TI model and also has a moderately faster Computer Processor .
 Excellent engineering calculator . My HP 48SX just gave out and I had to replace it . Like any calculator , still getting used to where all the buttons are located , but the layout and design seems cleaner . The leather case that comes with it seems rather chunky , but the calculator fits in the old case .
 This calculator has yet to crash and I have used it for more than 1 year . My 48GX crashes all the time . I have ownedthe 15C , 41CX , 19BII and the 48GX . Will HP Ever come out with something that keeps the number pad with enter and Simple funtions in the same place . They always change every thing . I have been using HP 's fopr 25 years and I have to say that the manual for the 50 G is probably the worst I have seen yet and how the machine renders unit convertions is three steps back from how the 48GX handles it and is counter intuitive . No where in the manual does it say you should only use a 1 gig SD card . Anything bigger is a waist of money because you can only access 1 gig.HP make rugged reliable equipment but it is such a pain to figure them out . I like HP stuff but I also get very frustrated with HP . They should have a program on DVD that you can load on a PC like that for the 49 that takes you step by step though all the functions and features .
 I had HP48GX and I loved it , but I lost it . I never liked the G49 , but I bought the HP50 and I ca n't be more excited ! I love this calculator , works in almost the same way as HP 48GX , you can add extra memory using SD card and is faster than the old model.Maybe the only inconvenient is that HP change the keyboard a little bit -LRB- take out useful keys , but you get to used to that -RRB-
 It is a good calculator , but battery do not last not even 15 days if I use three to four hours a day . This needs improvement .
 It 's mostly the same as the 49G + I had , which had some broken keys . This 50G has a much better keyboard . Other than that , it 's pretty much just as awesome as the 49G + .
 This calculator is better than any in the 49 series -LRB- including the HP-48gII -RRB- , although the keys and body are nowhere near as sturdy as the old 48 series . I wish the LCD resolution was as high as the TI-89 . Sometimes there is a noticeable delay between button-press and the expected result.HP reintroduced the equation library from the 48 series for the 50g . This addition looks like mostly an afterthought since it shows up right at the bottom of the ` apps ' menu and does n't seem to have been modified at all from the 48 version.Altogether there does n't appear to be much innovation in any of the 49/50g calculators beyond raw hardware improvements and durability deprovements.If you are thinking of purchasing a handheld calculator , buy this one . It 's cheaper than the TI-89 and supports RPN entry mode . The other vestiges that have been amalgamated to form this calculator from HP 's glory days like the well-designed equation library , and the graphing , algebraic/analytical , and solver utilities easily make it a great buy .
 Fantastic product . I love calculators smarter than I am.RPN Rocks!I 've run an HP 48G for a long time . It took a little bit of time for me to get used to the slightly different key lay-out , but not long . I like the click of the keys.I upgraded to the HP 50G mostly for the symbolic equation solving , and it works well . Does complex algebraic equations , will simplify or expand , as well as integration and differentiation.Beyond that , I know it does way more stuff than I am aware of , and continue learning new things with it .
 I have had the HP50g for one month now and it is very nice to have a machine that does n't have sticky , clicky buttons . Its all black casing also looks very exquisite and having the Equation Library back again -LRB- I had a 48gx for several years -RRB- is a good thing . I was going to sell my 49g + but have kept it as a backup for programmes and data since they communicate so easily via infrared or SD card . I got a 1Gbyte SD card for the 50g so it is a real mean machine now . I think this puts HP back in the hunt as far as serious calc buffs are concerned . They were wobbling a bit there .
 HP has done it again . This is the Cadillac of calculators -LRB- I 'm an old timer ... hence the term , ` Cadillac of Calulators ' -RRB- . It has the feel of a Hewlett-Packard . It 's algebraic or RPN . Do youself a favor and spend the minute and a half it takes to learn RPN . You wo n't regret it .
 After owning my fair share of TI-89s that I believe to have failed prematurely pretty much in every case , I bought the HP 50g out of frustration . As the only real competitor to the TI-89 , nobody I knew had ever used a HP calculator , except one professor in engineering school that would an old 80s model out of his shirt pocket and proceed to get the answer faster then I could get even figure out how to situate the parenthesis in my TI calculator . More on that -LRB- RPN -RRB- . I bought this calculator because of the poor reliability I 've had with the TI calculators , so my first impressions were on build quality and perceived durability . 1st , it does n't weigh nearly as much as the TI-89 Titanium I had . In my mind , weight is somewhat equated with higher quality build parts , although this is generally just a misconception . Relative to the TI-89T that I had though , it weighs almost nothing . The keyboard is very strange coming from the TI models . I 'm not sure if I like it better or not . The TI models have what I can describe as a more ` common ' type keyboard that does n't really provide a large amount of tactile feedback . The HP does . It seems to slow me down on input as you have to press harder , but at the same time it 's very explicit - you 're less likely to make mistakes . Honestly , I think the TI edges the HP out on this , but it 's a relatively minor issue . It really feels like you could run into problems 10 years or so down the line . I 've never kept any electronic device that long without wanting to upgrade though . Final note on durability - it 's survived one 3 ft fall from a desk onto carpet so far . This is one more then any TI I 've had . This is where the TI 's heavier weight becomes a pitfall - greater force on the LCD when the calculator falls.There 's a lot of reviews on here that seem to be divided between `` the calculator is too difficult to use and I 'll never be able to handle it '' and `` the difficulty is a necessary consequence of having more functionality and for speed down the road '' . I turned it on , and was immediately able to do basic operations in algebraic mode . I switched it to RPN mode however , as the everything I 've read suggests that the real power of the calculator comes from its RPN functionality . If you 've never used RPN , it 's about a 30 minute to 1 hour transition . For simple arithmatic , it vastly speeds things up . On the other hand , it really slows down more complicated equations . Fortunately , you can mix algebraic and RPN mode and place algebraic equations on the RPN stack . Really neat , honestly . The equation builder is much better then anything I 've seen in a TI calculator , so consider it a major plus once you learn it . Honestly , the calculator has little of the intuitive UI that the TI ones do , but if you 're the type of person that learns by trial and error , and never reads the manual or WANTS to read the manual , you 'll actually be alright . You probably know if you 're the type of person that goes straight for something , or wants to read a manual on it first . Go elsewhere if you want instructions on how to do things . I 'm the type of person that enjoys pushing random buttons to see what they do . The calculator is fairly easy to learn if you 're this type of person.Other stuff - the CAS seems to be quite a bit superior to the TI one . I 'm usually doing symbolic simplification , and it seems to come up with more usable answers then my TI did . My `` usable '' I mean it does n't always have the same tendency that my TI did that would make the equation I 'm trying to simplify end up more complex then it was to begin with . It still does n't hold a candle to MATLAB or Mathematica . As an aside , I 'm still waiting on calculators that have something similar to MATLAB built in . Embedded processors are certainly getting fast enough . Let 's see - the display is atrocious compared to the TI-89T . I mean it - it 's awful . The viewing angle is so poor that if you set it on a desk a little in fron of you , you 'll have trouble reading the screen unless your head is directly over it . It almost harks back to the days of the TI-86 . The notation it uses for complex numbers is a little mind numbing to read sometimes . It 's much faster then my TI-89T ever was , which is nice . Um , it 's eats batteries compared to the TIs . The price you pay for speed , I guess.So , if you 've gotten this far and you 're still interested , then you should probably get it . Put it a little time to learn it , and you 'll end up saving time in the long run .
 I have owned top of the line graphing and scientific calculators from TI , HP , Casio , Sharp , etc. . Back when I was a student , TI 's were very cheaply made and often broke quite easily and similar HP products lasted almost forever . This machine , the HP50g , continues that HP tradition and is definitely put together very well . It is also a very good improvement over its predecessor , the HP49g + with more memory and with a much improved keyboard and improved keyboard `` feel '' and a much better feature set overall , including the full library of solutions from Physics and Engineering that was available from the HP48 series of machines , etc. . The pros and cons as I see it are : PROS :1 -RRB- The Hp50g has all the standard and CAS -LRB- Computer Algebra System -RRB- features that we have come to expect on such a machine , plus many nice very detailed and very mathematically advanced topic as well as course specific APPS that are already preloaded or can be added in electronically and quite simply from the HP or HPcalc or other websites . These include the ability to even perform a digital FFT -LRB- Fast Fourier Transform -RRB- as well as many many other advanced functions of a similar nature . The USB interface works with a computer and is also quite fast and easy to set up .2 -RRB- It works quite naturally with complex number solutions of equations . It can be switched in the Mode setup from a Real to a Complex number operating stance and even back again as desired or it will even prompt you to make a mode change if you are in Real mode and the answer is in fact a Complex number . If it ca n't perform an operation which is fairly rare it will simply repeat the proposed operation back again below the original one on the display screen as the answer . This machine is so versatile however that it will even evaluate symbolic matrices or even matrices with imaginary numbers -LRB- an Electrical engineering nightmare otherwise ! -RRB- .3 -RRB- This machine itself is quite fast with a nice graphical interface and resultant plotting system . The resultant plots are high quality and with the many added features available for enhancement are very intuitive for the learning process .4 -RRB- It has a nice and quite modern , curved body design that sits very nicely both on a desk or a table as well as in your hand .5 -RRB- It has a very large amount of onboard main memory , plus additional Flash memory for tackling quite memory intensive problems .6 -RRB- Although it is called a calculator , it is really a small and very fast -LRB- 75 MHz -RRB- handheld computer system which can tackle problems from the most simple to almost the most complex .7 -RRB- The famous RPN -LRB- Reverse Polish Notation -RRB- and an Algebraic Operating System -LRB- AOS -RRB- as well as a so-called textbook mode are all available to be chosen depending on the wishes of the user and on the problem to be tackled .8 -RRB- The complete set of the predicted units of the solution of a complicated equation -LRB- or set of equations -RRB- can be determined independently of and simultaneously with its numerical answer -LRB- s -RRB- . This is a very fine feature that I do not know of on any other calculator system .9 -RRB- As on all such HP RPN models , a very fine self-test system is available to make sure your machine is fully functional all the time and a clock -LRB- now without seconds -RRB- complete with the date , is also continuously available .10 -RRB- Finally , this machine also has a fine , onboard Help system for some , but not all of the CAS commands , if these commands are at all confusing -LRB- and there are many many commands available on this machine -RRB- . It is a good HP system with multiple references -LRB- up to 3 -RRB- between different , but similar commands -LRB- for example with the soft-key designations
 Having owned and used a variety of HP calculators over the years , I 've seen the build quality drop steadily . For example , I still have , and use , a HP-12C financial calculator that I bought in the early 80 's . It 's far better made than the current versions , even with the feet and silkscreened print worn off the back , and retains a like-new feel . HP 's recent calculators , whatever their level of functions and features , have felt pretty cheesy . With the 50g , HP has made a big step back to quality . It feels good , though it does n't rise to the quality level that originally made HP famous . But with the features , flexibility , and speed it provides , is really the best scientific calculator available , once you get past the religious arguments of TI vs HP.If RPN is hanging you up , do n't let it . The 50g supports a number of notational approaches . The other principal objection to HP calculators vs. TI reduces to simple familiarity , as TIs are almost universally-used in school settings . If you are a TI user , you will find that switching is trivial . Those who do sometimes report an interesting reaction - feeling betrayed by the schools when they realize just how much better the HP is!I do agree 100 % with other reviewers that the manual is a big , big disappointment . Count mine as another vote for complete , spiral-bound manuals .
 I have used HP calculators all of my career as a draftsman/engineer . It started with a HP11c , then a HP41CX , then a HP48sx , then a HP49g -LRB- yuk ! -RRB- , then also a HP33S -LRB- ok for the price , but still not HP normal quality . What was the deal with the angled keyboard ? -RRB- . Then the HP50g . This calculator is so much better than the HP49g I have . I never did use the HP49g because of the unreliable keystroke entry . The HP50g is much better in that area . Also I like the bright display and the SD memory card slot . I have yet to really get into the programming of the calculator other than transfering some of my programs onto it . The only thing I would say is lacking is having in depth printed manuals . I know this is a cost saving move but I really enjoyed the days of the HP48sx when you could really sink your teeth into the two rather large manuals that came with the calculator . Overall I think this is a great calculator , simular to the older models I enjoyed .
 I purchased a TI 89 titanium in the recent past and then purchased this for a friend . I was surprised to find that the HP was more user-friendly than the TI and ease of use was much better . While the two calculators can pretty much do all of the same things , the HP does n't require as much expertise to use . I highly recommend it .
 When I was thinking about buying this calculator I also considered the TI-89 . While the 89 does have a higher resolution screen , I find the HP-50g to be superior . One thing I particularly like about it is how easy matrix manipulation is . Using the CAS to do symbolic manipulation is tough in RPN mode , but it 's easy to switch back and forth so that 's not too much of a problem . Programming the calculator is also fairly simple . I also find the keyboard on the 50g to be much superior to the 89 .
 Even though I am only in 8th grade Algebra 1 , I can use this thing to check my work with complete accuracy . It is definetely worth the 125 dollars , and is much better than inferior TIs . However , if you want to utilize this to the full extent , you have to read the long manual , with many math functions I do n't know how to do . I do know this will last a long time , as it is easy to use , unless you are used to TIs , in which case you can go back to your mama 's house . The screen is good , and it graphs very fast . If you want the most powerful thing out there , get this .
 This is a pretty powerful calculator that 's in the same league as the TI-89 . And if you prefer RPN , like I do , then you 'll have to go for this one . The build of the calculator is much improved from the HP 49g + and the feel of the keyboard is similar to that of the HP 48g , although the keys are harder to press and the legends are painted on instead of double shot molded . The calculator does feel sturdy but the plastic makes it feel cheap . The symbolic integration and differentiation does n't always work well and some nasty integrals will give nasty results . The TI-89 's table lookup might work better for some integrals but I 'm sure this calculator can integrate some integrals that the TI ca n't handle . However the calculator is much faster then the older 48 's and the CAS is much improved in terms of usability . 3D graphing is so smooth and fast ... although I doubt I 'll be doing anything heavy on a small calculator when computers are prevelant . This is not a perfect product , but neither is the TI-89 or the HP-48G . Highly recommended for any scientist , especially the chemists out there who hate math , like I do .
 This calculator is almost the same as the HP-49g + . It only improve the keyboard and add the library . The problem for me are those + , - , * , / button are shift up . HP should shift those buttons back and put the Enter button above the / button . The quality feel cheap compare to my old HP-48GX .
 I debated long and hard whether to buy the HP50G or buy a PDA and put an emulator on it . After buying and trying both , I 've concluded that the PDA is by far the better way to go . With the PDA you get the same functionality plus a higher-resolution * COLOR * display that 's backlit so you can see the display AND the software `` buttons '' in dim lighting situations . Also there are all sorts of special math and graphing programs for PDA 's , plus personal organizers , web browsers , wifi , etc. .
 It has many functions and is easy to use . I like it very much ... .
 el producto lo compre como usado y me llego totalmente nuevo SELLADO , es decir no es usado en lo absoluto . . Excelente producto
 I started with the HP41CV . Now it 's my son 's turn to learn the virtues of RPN . The HP50G is a great calculator .
 Item arrived as indicated in good conditions . HP 50g is working properly and friendly as well decribed . I do not have problems at all .
 going trough the manual is a little bit difficuld but once you catch the way to read it , then the calculator is easy to use , this is my first HP calc and I am very happy with it . it perform almost any algebraic , graphic and finance math equation you can imagine and it is pretty fast if you comepare it with other calculators .
 This is truly a great machine . It can do almost any thing in maths and science
 About the quality of the calculator , being HP nothing much to say . What I want to enphasize is that my original package did n't show up , because of courrier . I am very satisfied with Amazon response when they prompt sent a new order at NO COST to me.I really appreciated the gesture . Is the second time this happens and also as usual , Amazon respond for it.Thank you very , very much to all the people working at Amazon.com and I mean all of you guys.Irineu Scalisse
 Simply perfect , I bought those calculator because the HP49 have some problems with the buttons ... so . . HP50 is the best ... The `` ship '' was very fast .
 It does everything you might need for math , and has sd card expansion capabilities.Keyboard not as nice as the 48 however .
 With its large amount of memory and fast processing this calculator is an extremally helpfull tool to engineering applications where use it , replacing perfectly my older HP48G .
 Has all the features of the 48 series , plus the features from most popular 3rd party apps that were written for the 48 .
 Powerful and convenient . Only other comparable product is TI 89 Titanium.Pros1 . Quick access to all functions .2 . Built in RPN .3 . Bright and clear display .4 . Built-in equation writer.Cons1 . Low res display .
 IMHO HP is the king of scientific calculators . I owned a 48g for 13 + years until my 18 month old daughter got to it . I miss that calculator - but I have been very pleased with the 50g .
 Overall , this is an excellent calculator . The SD card is an option that more calculators should have . My calculator does have a small , but noticeable , defect on the screen . Perhaps I should have exchanged it .
 As a EE student , I thought the professors were just refusing to change when they recommended the HP calculator . I was wrong , it 's the best calculator I 've ever used . Solid construction , quick learning curve , built in equations , I 'd recommend this calculator to anyone .
 Everyone that have used old HP calculators knows the value of RPN . But newbies to the calculating world hates RPN , namely my son . This HP lets you set up anyway your calculator the way you want it . The learning curve is a bit much -LRB- for a calculator -RRB- but once you get the hang of it , it rocks . It also looks like a serious piece of equipment and not just a calculator .
 IM AN ENGINEER STUDENT AND ITS PERFECT FOR WHAT IM ASK TO DO IN CLASSES!I RATED LIKE THAT BECAUSE THE ITEM WAS IN GOOD CONDITION !
 The HP 50g is the best Graphics calculator out there . Especially if you understand and use RPN . You must have a great deal of experience with Graphics calculators to truly appreciate it 's excellent qualities . Because it does not come with a complete beginners guide , beginners must be prepared to spend several hours to learn everything about the device . I do not recommend that beginners in mathematics attempt this without accessing third party training manuals for this calculator . It is a fine product . BTW if you want an excellent , well designed number cruncher , get the new HP 35 . It 's simply excellent!UPDATE : I 've read a lot of complaints about how this device is not as good as my old HPxxxx ... . There is a problem with calculators today ... . they need to do more ... . but there is no real estate on the keypad ... . I use SciLab on Linux and MATLab on Windows almost all the time . Most colleges encourage this . Graphic Calculators are a thing of the past .
 This product give me all what I need.Always it can be better , but at this moment is the best in order that relation price versus utilities .
 I 've been using this to do a bunch of math and physics calculations . Very nice calculator . My only pet peeve that slightly irritates me is the sharpness of the display . Not as sharp as the older HP calculator models 10 years ago , but it still far surpasses the TI-Titanium calculator I tried recently and returned in screen readability and legibility .
 the product I arrive myself in excellent conditions and is satisfied with all the functions with the computer therefore I give to thanks to amazon for its managements for the purchase and the transfer him of the product . . gracias
 Amazing array of features.Keys work well , display very readable .
 Its perfect . I have no complains about it . Actually is the best graphing calculator now in the market
 I 'm quite surprised with this calculator . It 's very powerful and simple to work with . Complete User 's guide in pdf . It is an excelent purchase .
 excellent product ... . nice service ... delivered in time and perfect conditions ... the calculator is amazing . . full of wonderful features ... easy to use , and comes with a nice leather like `` bag `` thank you HP ! ... thank you Amazon !!!!
 I bought this to replace a stolen HP-48G . Did n't like the new placement of the enter key , but am getting used to it . I do n't use 90 % of the capability of these calculators , I have Excel for all my heavier number crunching . I 'll work out some hand examples when I 'm setting up problems in Excel . I like the unit conversion , the linear regression and multi line stack . Buttons and feel remain up to HP calculator standards . Documentation is OK , but misses a lot of short-cuts . Since this is an evolution from the HP-48 , I can usually find what I need in that manual . USB connection is nice but I ca n't imagine ever needing the SD card . A lot of the functions in the 48 have been expanded upon and there are now several ways of doing things where the 48 only had one or two . So if you are looking to replace a 48 series calculator , then this is a good choice . I did n't want the two line visible stack on the 30 series calculators even though for 99 % of my needs they would be adequate . Algebraic usage can come in handy once in a while -LRB- like trying out excel formulas -RRB- , but that was n't the deal maker for me .
 I had many calculators & this is the best . The main problem is the documentation is not so good . But if u take the time to learn how to use it , u will be very happy with it . You have the option of RPN/Algebra , It has plenty of memory including an SD card slot , The Equation Writer makes inputting complex equations a breeze , it has a constants & equations library , It can use USB 5V power in addition to batteries , u can control the auto power off feauture by making a var called TOFF , Overall all the functions & feautures are integrated . I highly recommend this product & I bought it at Amazon.com !!!!!
 I love gadgets , and I like this calculator . I bought it after a while working , because the old time in college , I like that the manual is a pdf , thus I do n't need something heavy with me . It will take me some time to check it , because is different to the other one , but at least faster and I love that I can plug to my computer . I did n't have so much time to play with it , but so far , I 'm happy with it : DI would put all the stars maybe after checking all functions , because the manual is huge and look like I do everything , even Fourier and FFT 0_o
 Overall this calculator fits my needs , it 's a little complicated but after using it for a while you get use to it , the manual does n't give you too much help
 it is a good calculator exelentes functions , a little complicated to use but with very good answers .
 I study Industrial engineering , and I thing this is an excelent choise , I love it ! The price is very good to ! So , I got only pros .
 NICE AND SIMPLE TO TRANSPORT ALL DATA FROM MY OLD HP49.SD CARD READER WORKS FINE , AFTER I FORMATED MY OLD SD 16 MB CARD THAT I HAVE FROM MY CAMERA . RECYCLING IS GOOD.NEXT STEP FOR HP MUST BE TO IMPROVE LCD DISPLAY ; THIS IS CONFORTABLE BUT NOT ENOUGH .
 The calculator is a superb device and is best used by those who need the sophistication of an advanced calculator . Be prepared to devote the time needed to study the User Guide -LRB- included CD -RRB- to fully understand how to use the calculator . Of course , the option of using RPN or conventional data entry is most appreciated . My applause to the engineers at Hewlett Packard .
 Hey anyone out there know if you can download any engineering programs for this calculator ?! your comments are welcomed and appreciated !!!!!
 The HP50G is a good all around hand held calculator for practicing engineers . It has all the features and more of the older HP calculators in its class . I am just now learning about all of the added features and its flexibility . The only negative comments I have up to now are that the calculator body and keypad both have a cheap feel to them , not up to previous high standards of HP . Additionally , the battery cover on the back side keeps sliding off when I remove the calculator from its pouch .
 Received product promptly and in good condition . Calcualtor works as I expected with no problems .
 Amazon 's service was perfect . The product miraculously arrived at my home the next day . Anyone buying this HP product should be aware HP no longer publishes an instruction manual in print . You must go on line and find instructions in their on line manual or print the 140 + page manual on your own printer . The calculator has 51 keys , most of which have 3 functions controlled by shift keys . It is enormously complicated to try to learn while viewing on line instructions , paging down , skimming or turning pages back and forth . I 've spent 12 hours so far learning how to use it . I already knew RPN format from my HP27 -LRB- antique -RRB- , so that is not the issue . I will go through whatever I must to learn the HP50 thoroughly , but I have complained and written to HP management without receiving so much as an apology for their stupid business decision to sell a complicated product with no manual . In fact , some of their people were downright rude . It took multiple phone calls before I got to a person who directed me to the on line instructions . Maybe I 'll find a manual somewhere in a used book venue , but next time I need a graphing calculator , I may have to suffer the arithmetic consequences of an alternate brand .
 I ordered this calculator in September . -LRB- I needed a new one to replace a broken TI 89 -RRB- It did take a while to figure out how to use it -LRB- I did not bother reading the directions -RRB- I actually would graph something but would then not be able to leave the graph to use a different function . BUT I was able to transition from TI to HP . -LRB- Hit Alpha On to exit -RRB- Once you figure out how to use it , it is a GREAT calculator . You can do everything you that the TI 89 can do AND MORE . My Prob . + Stat . teacher is actually going to buy one after seeing how well it works . It 's able to do a RIDICULOUS number of factorials etc.OVERALL , Great calculator if you are someone who can learn something new on your own . -LRB- Sadly , I was able to find few people that had this calculator so the best help is online -RRB- HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!
 My son asked me to buy this product to use in chemical engineering college . He told me that all students use this calculator and he is very pleased to have one too .
 WELL , I 'M JUST GOING TO TELL YOU LIKE IT IS !!! THIS IS A VERY COMPLEX CALCULATOR . IT HAS MORE FUCTIONS , DATA , CAS SYSTEM , AND 3-D GRAPHING THAN ANY OTHER I HAVE USED . I READ THE WHOLE 50-PAGE STARTER GUIDE , AND CHAPTERS 1,2,3,4 , AND 8 OF THE HP MANUAL YOU HAVE TO GET FROM HP.COM . IF YOUR SERIOUS ABOUT WANTING TO PASS YOUR ALGEBRA , TRIG , AND CALCULUS CLASS ` ES , THEN YOU NEED THIS CALCULATOR . IF YOU DO NOT DO AS I HAVE DONE , YOU WILL NOT BE HAPPY WITH THE HP50G !!! READ THE MATERIAL FOR IT , OR YOU WILL BE LOST . ONCE YOU HAVE GOTTEN FAMILAR WITH IT , YOU WILL BE AMAZED AT WHAT YOU CAN DO . VARIABLES , COMPLEX NUMBERS , EQUATIONS , MATRIX , STATISTICS , CALCULUS , FRACTIONS , RADICALS , ROOTS OF ANY KIND , EVEN HAS A STEP/STEP SOLVER TOO !!! IF YOUR LAZY , WO N'T READ ANY OWNER 'S MANUALS , AND WANT A HALFWAY CALCULATOR A MONKEY COULD OPERATE , THEN GO WITH THE CASIO CLASSPAD 330 !!!
 Well i think the title of this review says everything i want to say.I 'm a engeneering student , im almost finishing my career and its SOOOO helpfull to have one of this machines , you can make almost everything you want with it , you can easy program a multi-solver to make equations sistems and solve all the variables you want at the same time , but here is why i dont give a 5 to this product , the programing language its very weird and not easy to learn , its a little bit anoying when you try to connect it to the pc and finnaly there is not much software available for it -LRB- specially for mechanical engeneering -RRB- . Here is my recomendation , if you get bored easy and you dont have enough patience to read the user manual dont buy it , a TI would be better for you to use , but if you learn hot to use it will become your best tool for study .
 It 's all what you can posible want in the matter 's of tool 's for making this life a little more easy . It 's also very helpfull in the day a day work .
 As versatile a calculator as you will ever find with the famous proven HP quality and at Amazon 's price a steal .
 Very nice Calculator , tried it from a friend before buying it , so i knew I 'd like it . Came on time and as described .
 this is a great calculator for an engineer student like myself.but it takes quite a bit of effort to take a full advantage of this calc . -LRB- e.g. i still do n't know how to draw a graph : / -RRB- there is an official hp website where u can d/l some useful functions , too .
 A powerful calculator with lots of capability . However , very difficult to use.Requires a lot of practice and a really good memory to perform even basic operations like complex numbers .
 Bought this to replace an old HP that had stopped working properly . It took some time but am back up to speed . There are lots of free programs available on line . Now it 's being used more than ever .
 I 'm not sure what all it can do yet , because it 's going to take forever getting through that thick manual . I needed a graphing calculator , and this one was rated one of the best .
 Para los usuarios de la HP48G el modelo 50G puede resultar inc&oacute;modo moverse por los men&uacute;es de este nuevo y poderosos modelo . La tecla ENTER tambi&eacute;n puede ser inc&oacute;moda de usar ya que se encuentra muy cercano a las teclas de las funciones aritm&eacute;ticas.Lo actrativo de &eacute;ste modelo es que posee puerto USB , modalidad doble que permite colocar la calcualdora en modalidad RPN.Posee bater&iacute;a de respaldo que permite cambiar las bater&iacute;as sin peder la DATA guardada en la calculara.Si vas a cambiar una HP48G es preferible hacerla por una HP50G
 I bought the HP 50G graphing calcular . It was a great buy . I received my calculator within 72 hours . I was very satisfied about the product and the delivery timing .
 The most advanced and capable calculator I 've ever used . The learning curve is a little steep but that is a reflection of the capabilities of this unit . HP has several tutorials online that are very helpful .
 I 've been using this calculator for 2 weeks . It feels well constructed.The printed manual provided is not good enough if you want to write a program . Even the digital manual on the CD -LRB- that should be included in printed form -RRB- falls short on the programming side.The connectivity kit -LRB- conn4x -RRB- that came on the CD did n't work so I had to download the latest version from the HP site.Overall I recommend this product .
 its an awesome calculator , i am not able to explore all of the features yet , its a calculator for the hardcore . Best price here .
 all it transacts very excellent I did not have no complaint with respect to the purchase . all right .
 Usei por muito tempo a HP-48G , agora com esta HP-50G ficou mais completa , a grande vantagem e a expansao da memoria , a 48g era muito limitado
 OK , i buy this calc for a friend who is Civil Engineer , and he said me that it 's the best gift he was received , and said me too that this calc is extraordinary .
 The product arrive very fast . There are not problems with the product , all fine . I recommended .
 THE PRODUCT COME FAST , GOOD PRESENTATIONS , GOOD PACKING , AND EXCELENTSERVICE , THANK YOU VERY MUCH
 Very powerful calculator.The manual need more work . It has to be more conceptual than procedural . The display is just ok.I think this calculator is already a relic . It 's a very nice tool for the geeky engineer , but if you can have Mathematica in a net book , go for it.Another problem that I see is that if you need to solve simple problems , get a simpler calculator . Given it 's huge number of functions , if you need to do simple stuff , it makes no sense having to learn how this machine works and dive into a menu tree to look for a function.Also , if you have a smart phone , check for a programmable scientific calculator that runs in it .
 I bought this as a gift and the person who recived it is very glad with it no complaints here ...
 Amazing product , nice delivery -LRB- about a day delayed , but excelent conditions -RRB- . Now i just need to figure out if the warranty term works in Brazil . Hope nothing happens to my calculator ... xD
 I was completely in agreement with my eldest son , as he choose this model for his engineering study at the university , being even in tune with the price .
 I took a long time in considering what type of calculator to purchase . In the end my needs were so varied that I had to have a calculator with no practical limits and a huge amount of flexibility . This is it . I develop applications in Artificial Intelligence and there are many diverse fields of mathematics that come to play in this field . Having this device then lets me test and express a diverse mix of statistics , probability , matrix , trig and anything else that needs to get crunched . This is my scratch pad for testing raw mathematical concepts before I translate them into a program . The only drawback is the documentation ... I 'd like to see an HP50 `` for dummies '' book . The electronic manuals included are okay for terse reference but still leaves much to be desired in raw simpler examples . The calculator and what I have to do with it can do without the additional learning curve provided in the instructions .
 Unlike the irritating and mistake-prone keypad of my previous HP 48gII , which thankfully put itself out of commission , this baby feels like the HP of old . So far , so good ! Otherwise , ignore my star rating for now - it 's too early to influence your choice .
 HP has designed a winner in the HP50G . Traditional HP users will love the ability to continue to use RPN and the key touch continues to provide positive feedback on data input . Loaded with features and capability for all levels of users . The SD storage feature provides the ability to manage what is loaded onto the HP50G - something that this HP41 user appreciates having as an option -LRB- I liked the magnetic strips on the HP41 ! -RRB- .
 This calculator fixes most of the problems of the HP49 , particularly the keyboard . In form and function , it is the same as the HP49 with no extra features that stand out . Although there is a printed manual with the calculator , the main documentation -LRB- over 880 pages -RRB- is on a CD . There was more time spent on this documentation than the HP49 - the manual 's cut guides are gone and the chapters are bookmarked for rapid access . There are also mini-tutorials on the web for specific topics . The HP50 is a great calculator but it takes time to learn the functions and , for those looking for the big ENTER key , the keyboard layout is set up to facilitate those working in algebraic mode rather than RPN .
 I am currently enrolled in Calculus AB , and was very happy with my Casio 9750gfx -LRB- a very good product , especially for the price -RRB- . TI calculators are grossly overated , as they are only designed for people who have approximately 2 brain cells working.Recently , however , I bought the HP 50g graphing calculator . I did n't realize how incredibly easy calculus became . Symbolic math becomes second nature . Not only will it solve for definite integrals , but indefinite , and very complex ones of that -LRB- I think the CAS must be Mathematica-based -RRB- . I solve my integrals/derivatives on paper , and then check it quite easily on the calculator.This thing also leaves its answers in simplest radical/fraction form by default -LRB- You can change it in settings if you 'd like , or press RSHIFT ENTER -RRB- . This saves time , as many teachers get angry if you put your answer in a decimal.One problem i always had with my TI and my Casio was that I always ran out of memory , since they never put more than a few hundred KBytes in them . Not only does this Calc have a huge 2.5 MB storage , it also is expandable via SD cards -LRB- I have a 1 gb card in there now , and will never again have to worry about running out of room . -RRB- The more memory you have , the more complex of equations you can do , and the happier you are.The RPN is a big selling point as well . Reverse Polish Notation is not only fun to learn and play with -LRB- admittingly dorky I am -RRB- , but also saves keystrokes and lets you constantly look at previous answers , making it a little easier.The real reason I am done with TI is because my screen got pushed in , leaving a permanent blue streak across the screen . This is quite annoying , and HP has found a way to prevent this
 I bought this product from Amazon over a year ago now so I feel ready to give a review . This is by far , in my opinion the best calculator I have ever used . If your unfamiliar with RPN mode like I was , It can feel a little intimidating at first , but once you take the time to learn it , you will never go back . I would highly recommend it to any serious student with any interest in math or science , especially engineering . The sheer power and fluidity by which calculations are performed is simply unmatched . Five stars all the way !
 I always wanted an incredible graphic calculator since my high school days . Its almost 12 years ago when I got an opportunity to work with HP RPN calculator of my uncle . He gave that to me when he bought a new TI 83 at that time . It took some time for me to learn how to use RPN . I forgot that model name but it was a foldable calculator with left panel containing alpha key pad and right math functions . It was a beauty to work with so stylish . I always wanted to own an HP calculator since then . But it took me almost 10 years to buy one of my own . I am not in a need for a calculator as my college days are long over . But I could n't resist this childhood dream of mine . Now I feel like going back to college . Read the instruction manuals and got a hold of it and its really power packed and I am still learning on this.Just love this calc .
 This is my latest HP calculator in what has become a collection . For me , this is an upgrade from an HP 48SX that I purchased around 1992 . My other HP 's are business models . The build quality is n't what it used to be , as the buttons lack the solid feel of the older models , but overall the machine is solid . The Enter key is smaller than on other HP models , and I prefer the layout of the 48SX . But make no mistake , this is a powerful workhorse . The speed is on a completely different level from the 48SX . The built in libraries and tools make this a clear winner.I considered the TI-89 Titanium , but it lacks the financial funtions I use , as well as RPN and a stack . Why would TI exclude financial funcitons from their flagship model ? Some people need both scientific and financial calculators . This combines them both , so the HP wins hands down . And I do n't need to explain why RPN with the stack is far and away superior to Algebraic entry . Any user of HP calculator knows this , so I wont elaborate on it here.Two thumbs up !
 How come students are not introduced to these RPN logic calculators earlier ? It easily allows you to work problems from the inside out following the basic math order of operations , rather than being worried you put the original equation in correctly . It frees your mind to focus on what is actually happening step by step than a raw `` one-click computation '' of a long equation . I 'm buying 2 more for my Nieces , it will serve them well !
 Got this for a friends graduation gift ... I own a HP49 and this one is just as good , Very powerful and a lot to learn to know all the functions . Get a good book to learn how to use all the functions , as the HP manual is not that in depth for all topics and applications . HP has downloads for this device for programs to run to solve problems -LRB- Math , Eng. , Chem. , Physics -RRB- for programing you do n't have to do ... Powerfull device , can do RPN and CAS ...
 This is a great calc . I 'm so glad I got this over the Ti-89 Ti . One of my classmates has the TI , and it just seems like it takes him longer to run the same operations . The RPN is a bit weird , but with the equation writer , I hardly use the actual RPN console unless I 'm just doing some simple operations . Overall , I am completely glad I purchased this calculator . The added benefit of having it accept the SD cards makes it very simple to transfer the software from -LSB- ... -RSB- to it as well .
 This calculator , HP 50G , is just the best . The only thing , is you can not deliver it to Mexico , pleeeease , try to make it possible , we can pay the extra taxes for importation.THANKS !
 Being a long time user of HP calculators and RPN logic , I found the 50g to be what I expect of an HP product . The only `` issue '' was the relocation and size of the `` enter '' key which took a little getting used to . Over all it should meet or exceed my need in a graphics calculator .
 Tihs is a great calculator for Civil Engineering applications . I really like the RPN function and stack view to see and use previous results with the push of a button . The menus and are very easy to understand onces you find where they are and how to get to them . It really feels and looks good too . I wish HP could desing a calculator like this with nothing but Civil Enginnering tools , no Graphing or things that make the calculator too dificult or crowded . But if you are going to do Enginnering a Hp50G is the way to go .
 A great tool . CAS is effective . My only complaints are the steepness of the learning curve , potentially counterintuitive setup on certain functions , and a very poor -LRB- or at least thoroughly unintuitive -RRB- user interface for graphing functions .
 This is exactly what I was looking for.For the users of HP48GX is quite easy to become familiar with the HP50G.The manner to exchange files through the SD card is fast , easy and useful .
 I 'm an HP calc-head . Have been since I spent $ 795 on a new HP-65 in July , 1974 . Almost cost me my marriage . Bought my first HP-67 two years later for $ 450 . Owned pretty much all of them since ... The HP-50g is powerful , fast , and well thought out . Frankly , a brillant machine - not much more brilliant than the 49x series , but an improvement . Nice keyboard -LRB- thanks HP -RRB- , but inexcusible about the dust under the bezel issue , however.The documentation , unfortunately , is absolutly horrendous . It really does n't matter how powerful the machine is if there 's no way to guide the customer through the process of learning to exploit the power . To the contrary , the inept documentation hobbles the HP-50g somewhat compared to my TI-84 Plus Silver . It 's just easier to get up to speed on the TI.I understand that the RPN/Algebraic dichotomy causes some confusion . Constantly jumping from RPN to Algebraic examples completely disrupts the flow of the docs . The only way to handle this would be to supply docs for both modes , thus adding to the cost.I am encouraged that HP has done a pretty decent job on their website of documenting the HP-50g . The application note concept has much to commend it.I know that HP wo n't be going back to the good old days of RPN only . But going back to the good old days of the best written docs in the industry would be a nice compromise!PS HP - give me back the big ENTER key on the middle left ; -RRB-
 A great HP calculator . I have also used at TI-89 but it takes me much longer to do the math , so I returned it for a full refund and bought this HP 50G graphing calculator.I am happy I purchased another great product from HP ! Another satisfied customer .
 This is one of the best calculators I have ever used . Functionally , it blows TI out of the water . Takes a while to get used to this , but if you do , you 'll be pleased .
 This is my 3rd HP calculator over the years . My first was a 15C , which got me through the 1st 2 years of college -LRB- 1980s -- back then , this calculator was more powerful , practical , and affordable than any personal computer available -RRB- ; my 2nd was an upgrade to a 28S , which got me through my last 2 years of college -LRB- triple major in chemistry , chemical engineering , and biochemistry -RRB- . Despite the heavy load , I still only used about 20 % of the 2000 + functions this baby had . During graduate school I switched to a TI Voyage 200 -- the large keyboard , large screen , and the huge memory appealed to me . But , I started to miss using my HP -- once you 've been converted , there 's no going back . To make the TI work more like my 28S -LRB- which I still have -- made in the USA ! -- I 'm dating myself -RRB- I installed an RPN emulator . There were things about the TI that I liked -- the CAS was pretty good , as was the equation writer that I was using -LRB- EQW -RRB- . But the logic of the menus , and certain design considerations were annoying to say the least -LRB- no dedicated LOG key with the size of that keyboard -- you 've got to be kidding me ! -RRB- . My trusted old 28S is still at my desk , and I use it frequently , but I wanted something with more horsepower and a CAS , plus I want to take care of the old girl -- they do n't make them like that anymore . I heard a lot of bad press about the newer HPs , and it seems like HP gave their entire calculator business away to the competition over the past 15 years while I was n't paying attention . The reviews of the 50g seemed the best of the lot -LRB- should be , it 's the top of the line -RRB- , and I took a chance . My unit arrived today , and I 've been reading the manual and playing with it for the past 3 hours . Here are my 1st impressions
 I 've had this calculator for about two months now and used it for all my exams in first year EE -LRB- calculus , physics , chemistry -RRB- . The Bad first : Steep learning curve , do n't expect to use it like a Casio or TIIt has locked up a few times , mostly doing CAS operations , once during my EE exam.It did n't come with a proper user manual , only a small quick start pamphlet.I found graphing to be a bit quirky and difficult compared to my Casio FX-9860G , although it has significantly more features and the documentation for the features -LRB- assuming you have it printed -RRB- is much better the Casio is easier to get into . I am sure I will get used to the HP in due time.The screen is n't as good as the Casio either -LRB- the newer Casio - G units have very high contrast screens -RRB- , it is on par with most other models , and much better than the older Casios -LRB- many people in my class have some old white/blue model with a `` colour '' screen which is just atrocious -RRB- . Keyboard is n't as good as my 11c -LRB- nothing is -RRB- Keyboard misses double clicks , setting keytime -LRB- from the CAT menu -RRB- to 500 resolves this however.Entering imaginary numbers is n't as smooth as CasiosThe Good : Extremely powerful RPN calculator with advanced programming featuresShows 7 levels of the stack on screen , which is extremely usefulInsane amount of functions built in , the function list is almost 700 pages.Pretty good availability of functions via soft menus and shift keys -LRB- shift +4 opens the calculus menu , then you use the F keys under the screen to select functions -RRB- Screen is better than older modelsGood keyboard with the characteristic HP hinged feel -LRB- the arrow keys being the only exception , they are normal clicky keys -RRB- Nice leather case includedEquation writer makes writing long formulas in easy , can easily import data from the stack into itLooks pretty coolCAS system makes checking answers for algebra and calculus easy , helps avoid stupid mistakesWide range of equation solvers , have not had differential equations yet but simultaneous equations and matrix operations are easy with this.Overall a very good calculator if you are willing to put a slight effort into it , pretty much the only choice for a proper RPN calculator , would buy again .
 Great calculator . It 's the best thing out there , really -- this is a seriously badass device . Bit of a learning curve initially , though -- not ideal for dabblers . It really can do it all . Get it . It 's a bargain . You can choose between Algebraic mode , `` Textbook '' mode , or the great RPN mode . Ships with a `` manual '' , but that 's really more of a Getting Started guide . There is lots of documentation downloadable online -LRB- Get it ! You 'll want it . -RRB- . Case -- excellent build quality , attractive , and strong , -LRB- although not as heavy duty as the old school `` tanks '' -RRB- . Keys -- perfect . Feels great , positive tactile feedback . `` click '' sound optional.Features -- virtually every possible thing you can think of . Also completely reassignable -- create your own layout , if you really want.Programmable in five languages , including C and 2 flavors of Assembly .512 KB RAM , 2 MB ROM , 2GB SD card slot . OS is updateable/replaceable . Can even run Linux , if that 's your thing.Excellent with symbolic math . Solve for any variable in an equation , integral and differential calculus -- thousands of functions , lots of great downloadable libraries for engineering , surveying , aviation , statistics , actuarial functions , ad infinitum.Connects to a PC via USB -LRB- which can also power it , with or without batteries -RRB- , serial cable , or infrared . Good sync software.Lots of free software available -- more being developed all the time.It 's a shame that HP has n't done more to promote this excellent tool .
 I have been using the HP50G for about a week , now . I decided to retire my HP48GX because the HP48GX is now a collector 's item.The HP50G is , overall , an excellent calculator . The keyboard has a good tactile feel with a nice subaudible click . This calculator is vastly superior to the over-rated TI-89 Titanium . The HP50G will do everything the TI-89 Ti can do and then some . The HP50G has built-in functions for vector calculus , vector manipulation -LRB- dot product and cross product -RRB- and the matrix tools are very good.The contrast of the screen is good . You can set the calculator to put the equations in `` Textbook '' form -LRB- TI 's `` Pretty Print -RRB- . But unlike the TI-89 , the text is larger and easier to read.The contrast of the keyboard is much better than the nightmare of the TI-89 TI keyboard . The secondary and tertiary functions are orange and white against a black background ; very visible.Many of the old programs needed to increase the usefulness of the HP48G/HP48GX series are now built-in . It is necessary to use the calculator in the `` Reverse Polish Notation '' -LRB- RPN -RRB- mode in order to get the most functionality . Intermediate results during calculations are put on the stack and you do n't have to hit a stupid Answer button to manipulate intermediate results.There are a few negative features , though .1 -RRB- Many people have already mentioned the problem of the default keytime setting being set incorrectly for fast input of duplicate digits . The fix is very simple
 It was inevetable my 48GX would croak someday . Someday turned out to be last week . I 've been running the SMI BCE COGO land surveying software on it since the mid 90 's . Although it has n't gotten a lot of use since affordable COGO/CAD software for PCs became available , it was handy enought as a backup for doing quick calcs . replacing it was a necessity . The 50g is running D'Zign 's Basic Cogo + . Because of its more rounded contours it feels more comfortable than the 48 when cradled in a two-hand hold , and has a pleasing heft to it . The keys have a positive stroke to them when doing two-thumb data entry , and the display is easy to read under flourecent lighting . Too bad it wo n't talk to the little thermal printer I used with the 48 .
 I bought my 50G about 2 months ago and it has met my expectations fully . The keyboard improved greatly over the 49G or 49G + but not as good as the one of the 48g series . It 's incredibly fast and the new colors look sharp , with great contrast and very profesional . The SD card capability is great ! I really do n't use a cable anymore to pass programs , I just do everything using the SD card.Two things dissapoint me
 Since departing from the quality of its hp 20s and hp 32sii models , hp suffered from poor quality for a number of years . However , this new model is very promising
 This is the best engineering calculator on the planet . Do n't even consider using anything but RPN on this one . By taking the fifteen minutes to learn RPN entry , you will inherently understand the User RPL programming language that the calculator uses.HP RPN calculators have a higher learning curve than their Algebraic counterparts , but once you learn it , you are light years ahead of the game.The reason the HP RPN calculators are not more popular is because most beginning engineering students do n't even know about RPN until they get to college and hook up with someone who uses an RPN calculator . By then , most of them have been retro-fitted for Algebraic calculators -LRB- or as RPN people call them , ` layman 's calculators ' -RRB- . DO NOT BUY THE HP 49G + ! It is loaded with keyboard problems and is cheaply made . GO STRAIGHT FOR THE HP 50G ! Hewlett-Packard really came out of hibernation with this one . It has the solid , reliable feel of HP calculators of old and is loaded with features . It connects to your computer , or you can save files on an SD card that plugs into the calculator.For the most part , all the books written for the 48G and 49G calculators apply to the 50G -LRB- particularly the 49G books -RRB- so you will never run out of cool things to learn about this great machine . The 50G is a computer in calculators clothing.I 've owned and operated the 42S , 48S , 48SX , 48G , 48G + , 49G , 49G + -LRB- which totally sucks -RRB- , and now the 50G . The 50G is reminiscent of the 48S and 48G series in the way it feels , but it 's way beyond either in its capabilities.It just looks like a Baddass machine . Computers come and go every few years . The HP50G will be useful to you for decades .
 Finally , HP have released the true successor to the HP48g . The HP49g was an embarrassment best left unmentioned . The keyboard was perhaps the worst one I 've ever seen and used on a calculator . The speed of operations was pitiful.Now , the HP50g is here . Faster processing with the usual 100 % beautifully precise keyboard as per other HP calculators . The XMODEM interface and software works perfectly with a Windows XP computer - no issues at all . Fortunately , my HP49g programs -LRB- mainly utility statistical and psychometrics -RRB- work on the HP50g without change - so some transfers mediated via PC were simplicity itself.All in all , do n't bother with any other make of calculators . This is the BMW of calculator products . High class and high quality . And it retains the Reverse Polish interface - along with a conventional algebraic if needed.The one downside - the screen . Being so used to PDA and Mobile phone screens , looking at a non-backlit , mid-1990s generation LCD screen is not pleasant . I hope the next revision of this calculator will incorporate a backlit LCD/TFT screen ; although I can fully understand the difficult trade-off between battery-life and screen-type . But , I really do think HP will need to do something about the screen next time around.Until then , buy this machine if you need a powerful and useful scientific all-round major-league programmable calculator .
 It 's 10/5/06 and I 'm editing this review right up front with the first paragraph , because this little calc has a problem that I had n't noticed initially . The new HP keys , as I describe below , are great . They have a solid click and a good rollover ability - meaning that you can push the number 1 , then push the number 2 before letting go of the 1 entirely , and you 'll still get `` 12 '' on the screen . That 's perfect . Here 's the downside
 Why I Like the 50g * The ControversyIf you google `` TI v. HP '' you can find dozens of discussions by partisans of both brands ofcalculators arguing for the relative merits of the their favorite model . These days , the two modelsunder discussion are the TI-89 from Texas Instruments and the HP-50g from Hewlett-Packard . Almostinevitably , the discussion goes straight into whether the Algebraic or RPN entry method is better.I can summarize the argument pretty quickly
 At first I was somewhat disappointed with the HP50G , since it essentially has the same form factor and functionality as the HP49G + -LRB- which I also own -RRB- . Just changing the color does n't justify a new model designation , IMHO . Wait a tick ... the keyboard seems a bit better ... played with it for awhile ... switched back to the HP49G + ... ack ! I never noticed how horrendous the keyboard was on the HP49G + . The keyboard on the HP50G is velvet in comparison . If you have been frustrated by the clunky , clicky keyboard on the HP49G + , then the HP50G is the answer . Otherwise , stick with the HP49G + , since it is essentially the same calculator .
 I just received mine in the mail today . I do not think that it is officially even released in the US ; at least , it is not on HP 's English language website yet.This is the first HP calculator I have ever owned and my impressions so far have generally been very positive . It seems just like the 49g + , but with a fully plastic case and keyboard , a serial port , and a four cell battery compartment.Compared to the TI-89 , the HP-50 seems more powerful . The CAS seems a little stronger , it has a lot more built-in mathematical , scientific , and engineering applications , and the hardware is far superior . The calculator runs on a ARM processor similar to the speeds on low-end pocket PCs , unlike the TI-89 's slow custom processor , but the CAS runs on an emulated processor , so it is not as fast as it could be . The HP also has an infrared port and a SD expansion card , so it has no realistic memory limits.Its liabilities are that the screen seems a little smaller than the TI-89 's , the calculator is not nearly as user-friendly as the TI-89 's , the calculator only comes with a basic manual of about 100-200 pages while the full 900 page manual is only available on CD , and there does not seem to be as much third party support as for the TI-89 . But if you want the most powerful portable mathematical system available in a handheld calculator , this is definitely a must-buy .
 The HP-50G is Hewlett Packard 's latest offering in the line of top-end calculators stretching back through the HP-49 and HP-48 , all the way to the `` dawn-era '' of scientific calculators in the 1970 's , when the HP-65 and 67/97 defined `` high-end '' calculators . This device is so powerful , and has so many potential capabilities , that in many ways it is much more than a `` calculator '' ; better to call it a handheld `` computer '' , one dedicated to mathematics , rather than general purpose use like a PDA . The HP-50 , at only $ 115 , is a lot more affordable than most PDA 's too.In fact , the HP-50g is so powerful that most owners will never tap it 's full capabilities . Programing it in SystemRPL or Assembly language opens up an instruction set of some 3000 commands ! Even if you do n't write software for it , the HP-50g has enormous capabilities to solve complex algebraic and calculus problems right in the built in Equation Solvers and Computer Algebra Systems -LRB- the CAS -RRB- . For users of more traditional calculators , the HP-50g may seem intimidating , if not overwhelming . One problem that I had right off the bat is that much of the keyboard is dedicated to programming and equation solving , rather than simple math functions . Unleashing the potential of this beast requires programming , whether you do it yourself or buy commercial software . The HP-50g can of course be used to do simple math , but that would be like using a 12 pound sledgehammer to set finishing nails.Noteable features : - Programs and user data can be stored on SD flash cards , up to 2 gigabytes . Accessing the calculator 's various memory areas is not unfamiliar to anyone who has ever used a PC computer
 I 've owned a number of HP calculators -- from the 32s to the 49g + . In general I like HP equipment . I like reverse polish and that keeps me coming to HP . I liked the functionality of the 49g + , but alas ! it seemed as if it were an HP calculator in a Casio body . Hated the color and the cheap feel of the keyboard . With the HP 50G the HP touch is back ! GREAT calculator ; getting the user 's guide -LRB- on line from HP , . pdf format -RRB- is a MUST . The 50G has a number of built-in math functions lacking in the 49G + . It has easier connectivity and formats an SD card ! -LRB- Instructions in the manual supplied with the 50G for formatting are not quite right , but it 's easy to figure out ! -RRB- . I down loaded Tetris and a C-compiler for the 49G + , I 'll port those to the 50G , and I doubt if I 'll ever use the 49G + again . I 've learned to program a bit using RPL and this makes the calculator quite powerful . This is the calculator I expected from HP .
 I have used HP calulators since 1973 . I own a 49G and a 49G + . The keyboards of these products left a lot to be desired . Even though the 50g is virtully identical to the 49G + , the keyboard and display are much improved . The 50g also has a better look and feel than th 49G + . It reminds me of the old HP quality .
 I 've had my HP-50G since 2/24/2007 after purchasing it from Amazon . I also own a TI-89 Titanium . The TI-89 Titanium is in my humble opinion an easier machine to use , but less powerful than the HP-50G . More functionality and power tends to mean a steeper learning curve , so if you want the most powerful , choose the HP-50G , if you want one that is initially easier to use , choose the TI-89 Titanium . Either way , you ca n't go wrong as they are both fine machines.Having said that , here is why I prefer the HP-50G :1 . First off , it offers both Algebraic and RPN modes natively .2 . The CAS is powerful and can be set up for step-by-step simplification -LRB- collection or expansion of terms -RRB- .3 . RPL is a * LOT * more powerful and -LRB- again , in my humble opinion -RRB- simpler -- you can do a lot more with far fewer keystrokes than with TI 's BASIC .4 . The SD Card slot is perfect for transferring programs and HP Objects between the calculator and the PC .5 . It has a built-in Equation Library , SysRPL , as well as an ARM Assembler/Disassembler and Saturn processor emulator . -LRB- Translation
 The HP50G eliminates the keyboard problems that plagued the 49G + . With this change , this unit runs head-to-head with the TI89 . But if you like RPN as I do , the 50G is the only one to choose . The 50G has powerful programming capabilities . The infrared transmitter and SD card capability is compatible with the 49G + . The manual included is brief , but you can download pdf manuals from HP for the 49G + that serve well for the 50G . These include the 175-page user 's manual , the 862-page user 's guide , and the 635-page advanced user 's reference manual.HP calculator quality is back ! I expect to be using this model as long as I have the HP11C -LRB- still running and in use since 1982 -RRB- and the HP48G -LRB- since 1994 -RRB- .
 I received my HP 50g as a warranty replacement for an HP 49g + . Whilst I was extremely impressed with the number of functions the HP 49g + offered , along with the computational speed , I was not impressed with the keyboard . The keys were stiff , the backing hollow sounding , and the impression was that it would n't last . Well , it did n't . After a key breakage , it was sent back to Hewlett Packard and replaced with the HP 50g . I should add here that the HP calculator customer support section was wonderful . Once the problem was reported to HP , I was advised that the calculator would be replaced , I sent it to HP and received the replacement a few days later . Great service!The HP 50g has all the functionality of the HP 49g + , which is a very good thing , as I could n't fault the HP 49g + on this score . However , the keyboard is a world apart from the HP 49g + . The keys are not as stiff , the hollow sound is gone , missed key strokes are a thing of the past -LRB- provided KEYTIME is set to 500 -RRB- , data entry is now quick and easy -LRB- and accurate -RRB- , and the look and feel of the calculator is now that of quality . Also , even though I liked the gold paint on the HP 49g + , I have to admit that the HP 50g colour scheme is more impressive . As stated by another reviewer , the HP 50g looks like a serious mathematical computing device -LRB- which it is -RRB- . Yes , like the HP 49g + , it does require a bit of learning to make full use of the functions , but it 's worth the effort . Operation of the calculator does become quite intuitive , making the calculator a joy to use , and of course the ability to use RPN is a godsend - so superior to algebraic data entry -LRB- which of course you can still use if you want , as the calculator has the choice of RPN or algebraic data entry -RRB- . Provided the HP 50g has the build quality that it appears to have -LRB- and I do n't have any doubts at this stage -RRB- , then I can see myself having this calculator for many years , just like the HP calculators of old . As another reviewer said - HP is back ! And it 's a welcome return !!
 I received the HP50G and immediately put it to use . It is a great engineering and technical calculator and its ease of use is excellent . It utilizes SD cards which makes storing large programs a cinch . It does take a quick look at the manual to familiarize yourself with all the features if you are new to HP calculators . The CAS , RPN , and ALG functions make it easy to solve problems . I am a fan of RPN as I like its speed advantage over ALG . THis is an excellent engineering calculator loaded with lots of quick programs to resolve business questions.Ev
 The calculator is faster than versions before , it includes a help tool for identifying commands . The RPN option is available as algebraic option.The equation writer is excellent as allways . There is a last topic that is available again ; the keyboard is hard-touch as in HP48 . This featured has characterized HP calculatores except in HP49 version , but now is available again , and it is excellent .
 I 've had this calculator for a couple of months now so have had a chance to test drive it . I also own a TI 89 so can make some comparisons . First thing is when will these companies stop being so cheap and supply hard copy documentation ? -LRB- Can you hear us TI and HP ??!! -RRB- I also purchased the two Urroz books , volumes I and II . I would HIGHLY recommend anyone purchasing this calculator to invest in these books . They are written for the HP 49 but this machine is almost identical . It will help you with the learning curve tremendiously and that lack of hard documentation.If you should choose this calculator over a TI for the classroom I would suggest buying it ahead of time and learning how to operate it , especially if you are a high school student as your classmates and teacher will probably be more familiar with the TI.The plus and minus of this calculator is that it has everything you could need . That also means there is a learning curve finding what you need to do . It allows you to use either algebraic or RPN logic . I 'm still figuring out which is best in which situation.One of the best features is the equation writer . This allows you to enter something just as you would write it on paper , not just display it that way but enter it that way.It is highly configurable with flag and mode settings . Get to know these . It does not allow a split screen like the TI 89 . That 's kind of a shame . I also think the TI 89 is a bit more intuitive when doing graphics , a bit more of a learning curve here.It seems to be stronger at doing higher math than the TI 89 with calculus and differential equations . It also has a `` step '' feature so you can see intermediate results.The keyboard is user configurable which is nice for specialized applications . You should learn to make use of the subdirectory folder system . The biggest errors you can make are having values assigned to variables without knowing it . You want to keep this clean an organized . Using units is not very intuitive and if you will be using units in calculations such as in a physics class spend some time to know how to use them .
 I 've been using HP calculators since 1974 and they just keep getting better and better . The HP 50g is the culmination of superior design , ease of use , durability and value . RPN may take a bit of training to get comfortable with , but once one does one forgets that all the others have an '' = '' key . I have bolstered my career with HP calculators and continue to do such even today . If you want a product that can handle any rigor of math engineering , finance etc. this is the machine . there are few products I 've owned that match the HP reliability and that is why I stay with the best .
 I 'm not specialized enough or mathmatically wide enough to know what this calc should have . I am impressed with what it does have . I became a fan of HP calcs several years ago . I liked how RPN worked and liked what HP 's calculator line could do . I have not yet delved in depth with this machine . I too lament the withering of the printed manual . It 's hard to kick back and relax in bed with a pdf file on a laptop . Kind of ironic that you have to use one machine to read the information you need to operate another machine . My solution to this was to just take the pdf over to Staples and have them print the whole thing out ; it 's worth the money to have a bound manual to consult , especially while working with the calc .
 I bought an HP-12C almost 30 years ago -LRB- which I still have and it still works btw -RRB- . I needed a calculator that could also handle calculus , trig and other more advanced functions , so I purchased the HP50g . It was delivered promptly . I started using it almost immediately after a quick review of the Quick Start Guide . If you 've used an HP-12C or similar HP product , this should be easy to learn .
 HP 50g represents the HP 's latest calculator in the long row of models . Mostly aimed for advanced students in mathematics and engineering . But it should not be considered as too difficult to be learned as we have now seen . The good thing is that once one learns how to use this calculator there is barely another one you need even for the university or engineering level courses . Bought for my daughter who used Canon calculator previously I was a bit worried how the switch would go but after she took this into use the Canon was left behind . She is in senior high school so the features in the calculator far surpasses the needs but the thing here is that she has the time to learn the calculation methods one-by-one with this and she can build her knowledge even up to university levels with HP 50g . Switch of the calculator type is harder to do the further the studies advance so if one wants to avoid that then it is better to plan the needs ahead and choose the calculator accordingly.There most likely will be better graphically equipped mathematical softwares for tablets and smartphones in the future but as long as those are not allowed in exams then those are not relevant for studying purposes . Common problem with those are that the connectivity outside the device is not allowed making those devices unusable.HP 50g has also the capabilty to show not only the final result but the steps leading to the solution . This can provide help to understand how the equations are solved . In one test done by a mathematics teacher to calculate the final exams from 2011 and 2012 both HP and TI calculators were quite equal in solving the tasks but in 2 of the 20 cases HP provided more information of the steps leading to solution than TI . A small but sometimes a remarkable difference that may have an impact to the final result . These things come up only while using the device and the comparisons on that level between calculators are noteasy to find.I hope that HP would upgrade their calculator line again , HP 50g is from 2006 . Although the mathematical features do not get outdated the ease of use can always be improved and as can be seen in TI 's latest calculators -LRB- 2012 -RRB- the graphics race is clearly rising it 's head . The reason why I did not choose TI is that the display quality is not where it should be -LRB- in that price category -RRB- and the next big thing in advancements should be the touch screen as in smart phones . As long as those are not on the right level TI does not have such benefits that would make me to invest on to their models . After all , calculator is made to support calculations and all the features added should support it the best way they can . HP 50g do not have those either but as there are not such models available yet I stick with with the HP 50g . Hp 50g is not the cheapest model of the calculators in Amazon or anywhere else either -RRB- but considering the features and the price this costs in many other places the Amazon offer is a true bargain if there is a need for an advanced calculator .
 I bought this calculator even after I read all the low rated reviews on here . All I can say is I do n't think they bought the same product . I seem to remember multiple reviews complaining about the keyboard having a slow reaction ; The one I just bought has no such problem . As far as it being hard to understand how to use it , I 'm not much of a judge . Most of the bad ratings people gave were on the grounds that `` It 's not my old calculator therefore I hate it . '' This is my first graphing calculator . I do n't have any idea how to use all the functions it has , but I 'm not that far into my math classes yet either . What I have had to learn was not hard to find , and it did n't take long to learn either .
 HP 50g Graphing Calculator was all i was expecting ... it was a christmas present for my boyfriend and he loved it !
 I purchased this calacultor for my son and he is very content with it . The calaculator was everything he expected and in very good condition . Thanks so much ,
 Really important to the things that I am studying right now ! It is not that simple to learn how to use but it really good !
 i really liked it , good seller , a perfect calculator , i will use it for statistics calculationg , i am a computer engineering student !!!!
 Excelente producto , cumple totalmente con el requerimiento , escelente entrega , buen negocio , muy agradecido . Llego en buen estado y perfectas condiciones
 Works fantastically to graph and to do all the calculations specially for electrical problems.After you get used to it is the best product
 Delivery as agreed , excellent buy ! Recommend buying because the product is of high quality and is very easy to perform all procedures for purchase .
 Good calculator , which facilitates the study of engineering . The small problem that should bring a SD memory for the program saves the program to use .
 excellent , I recommend it , fast , all original , good quality , transport was fast , arrived at the desired time , all perfect .
 I love it great product A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 I have previously had two HP 48gII 's and both failed miserably in less than two years combined . The HP 50G has a much better feel in the keys while still retaining the general key format of the 48gII and 49g for those that have become familar with it . However , I still miss the ease of operation and features of my old HP 41C that lasted nearly 20 years . I suppose the 50G can do a lot more , but I do n't know if I 'll ever learn to use all of it 's functions . In the meantime , it 's serving me well -LRB- after two months -RRB- and I 'm hoping it will last longer than the 48gII 's .
 Good product and great value coupled with fast shipping . Good experience overall . Product has extensive manual too which makes using it to the max a real possibility .
 The product came in a brand new package , guaranteed , and as it was descripted . It arrived by the date it was expected ,
 I liked so much of the company that really was a example in deliver on the date predetermined . . My congratulations for the service .
 It was just what i need for math and phisics in the university . Recomended for every student ... I love it !!!
 Excelente producto satisfecho con la entrega cumple con mis expectativas y fue muy efectiva la rapidez y entrega del producto
 The slid -LRB- at the back -RRB- is flimsy , that is all for now . For the rest , it is a powerful device
 The hp 50g is a great tool for engineering studants and those who use to develop any kind of calculos , like math , fisic , chemistry and anything else.The shop delivery date was ok and the product was is pretty good fisic conditios
 This is a great calculator , but I had a lot of connectivity problems with the new high tech PCs . I wish HP would support its products with documentation and software . They absolutely do n't , you have to dig it .
 I was quite skeptical of the 50G . I have been an occasional user of my 48G for the past 20 years . However , even though my 48G is still mint , it seems to get slower as I age -- Another piece of evidence that time goes by faster as you get older ; -RRB- Anyway , I decided to give the 50G a try . Oh my ! After a few minutes I was sold ! Despite the enter key debacle , and despite it looking like a. . . gasp ... TI , I much prefer the 50G over the 48G . The reason ? The screen !!! It is much clearer ! Being able to see the 7 levels of the stack is also an awesome bonus . And yes , it is a faster machine.Have no fear . If you want RPN this is it !
 The HP50G has very high potential to be a great product . The only -LRB- large -RRB- drawback I find in using this product is the difficulty in fully utilizing it . The User interface and button placement is quite different from any other calculator I have used thus far , so it is taking time to understand it . But I feel this is my own problem and not the actual calculator 's fault . Otherwise , the ability to load new programs off using the Micro USB or using a Micro SD card is very useful , since then memory intensive programs can be used on the calculator -LRB- which has a massive cached RAM for most other calculators -RRB- . I ca n't wait to find useful programs or even create my own ! The beep feature is quite annoying however .
 I bought this calculator for study and was surprised with all the things it can do . You need to check out the User 's Manual -LRB- and the Advanced User -RRB- in order to get the most from this tool . I 'm very pleased that I could learn real quick the way to get results in my studies with the HP50g . If you 're studying Engineering -LRB- at any level -RRB- this is a must-have item.No complaints so far ...
 The product satisfies my expectations.Very good . Take care if you want to increase memory via flash card , make sure it is compatible .
 Scientific functions are correct . The ability to share content through an SD memory card is good . Hopefully in future versions of the best quality screen , which does not match the quality of calculation .
 I recommend this calculator for any engineer . A little troublesome to understand at first , but once you get the hang of it its smooth sailing from there . the different modes makes it easier to solve large equations , by dividing it into parts .
 The product has satisfied all my needs so far perfectly!It 's a beutiful and usefull calculator , i hope it will help me a lot in my course !
 I 'm an engineering major and I needed a replacement for my TI-89 Titanium . The display is not as nice and you have to push an extra button to see the equation . I have n't found out how to edit the equation on screen . I just copy and paste . I really like the external memory slot . It took a while to get my 1 and 2 gig SDcards to work . You can get a lot of online help from other users .
 Hi , It 's a very good device with many features , very good for storing equations and use them later.The calculator came sealed and in very good condition . The shipping was done very timely.Thanks .
 I bought for mechanical engineering ; am used to reverse polish notation and had a very old HP 48SX I was looking to replace . This is a perfect replacement and works very well .
 For the longest time , I could not decide on this or a TI for my mechanical engineering degree , but my friend talked me into this based on the advanced functions . After he showed me how to use the RPN mode I was blown away and am very happy with this calculator . Many options and small learning curve . I owned a TI-83 plus for years but it broke last year and I 'm glad I replaced it with this beast .
 This calculator is a great choice for anyone who needs a graphing calculator for school or otherwise.Build Quality : Keys have a great , tactile feel and it 's easy to tell presses.The calculator itself feels solid , very little flex.The display is readable , but a bit more resolution could come in handy.As for actually using it , it can seem a bit complicated at first but as you get used to it you 'll find it easy . It can seem daunting because most instructions are geared to TI-whatevers , but when everyone else in class has to dig through menus and pick points , you can just hit a couple buttons and find out most things from the graph window itself . The documentation can be helpful , but I agree that it 's poorly written . Get the PDF user 's guide , at least it 's searchable.Of course , it has RPN -LRB- one of the biggest reasons to buy it -RRB- . I wo n't try to explain it here , but spend some time trying it and you will use it forever . If you absolutely refuse , it has a perfectly fine algebraic mode as well .
 First i would like to start by saying that a lot of the negative reviews for this calculator are from people who bought without reading the description . this is an HP GRAPHING CALCULATOR NATIVELY IN RPN and built around that structure . YES there is a learning curve , sorry this is n't your basic simple Ti . This is a high end Engineering/Mathematical calculator and is useful in every situation.Now to the actual review . Amazing . I took Calculus in highschool and was required to use an HP -LRB- however i had the older 48ii model -RRB- . And i HATED them at first . But by the end of the year it was indispensable . I ca n't stand using normal algebraic function anymore , i 'm an RPN-man . Quicker and easier than any other type of calculator . Now , this HP 50 in a HUGE improvement on the HP 48ii . Bigger screen , faster , thinner , lighter . It comes with a nice leathery case with magnetic snap . I love it . Very excited for my first Math class in college so i can really break this baby in .
 I had been using an HP-48G graphing calculator . After several months of use , I now greatly enjoy the HP-50G . This calculator is faster and provides several additional features not in the previous product . Information can be stored on SD Memory cards . The calculator also allows easy access to all calculator functions with the CALC button ; I find this easier to use , but others may like finding functions through the associated menus accessed through other buttons.There is a Quick Start guide that provides preliminary information about how to use the calculator and a few sample problems . A DVD provides the rest of the manual and example problem sets . I find this easy to use , however , I sometimes wish they provided all the information on an SD card that can be utilized with the calculator and some type of text reader .
 Amazing instrument , solve most of the problems that I 'm having during my undergraduation in Electrical Engineering , and its seems that its going to solve the future ones too . If you are in trouble or dont want to solve integrations wille studing other lectures for example , this machine solve it in less than a second.Demand some time to study the common functions , for sure it 's not one of those machines that you just tipe numbers to solve simple problems . For my lucky I had a mini-course in College.After use it I 'm sure that I 'll never be able use all the functions on this calculator .
 Bought the NSpire a few weeks ago and was amazed at the poor quality of the display . Could barely read it and there was no way of making meaningful adjustments . Buy the HP if you want a better product ... much better screen and has many of the features of the HP41 from 30 years ago ...
 The latest top of the line HP calculator should always be the best calculator ever made , but that has n't been the case for a while . I 've owned HP calculators since the US-made 28C . The two predecessors to the 50G were seriously flawed , mainly due to bad keyboards . Meanwhile , HP was doing some great things that got lost under the keyboard misery.The HP50G is where everything comes together . This is a really fast calculator that emulates the old CPU , while progressively more and more functionality has been made native . The keyboard is very good . It 's not quite as good as the great old keyboards , but it 's almost as good . Considering how fast it is , how good the display is , how good the documentation is and the large body of programs available for download , this is an awesome product . I dropped it from a table to a hard concrete floor two days ago , and no damage .
 I have both a TI and bought this as an alternative to the Highest TI calculator . This thing does everything , just punch in the equation and it works a problem for you or graphs it for you , if only I could figure out how to use it . It did help me get good test scores though .
 To say that the HP-50g is merely a graphing calculator is not doing justice to its capabilities.The 50g is nothing less than a programmable microcomputer that does math on the side . On the onehand this is great for the techo-geek math expert/computer programmer . But , like with the HP-35s , the barrier to entry is a too little high for the non-expert . On it 's own this calculator is great , especially for engineering or finance professionals who could use all of its functionality.But for the college calculus , and especially high-school student , it 's technicality , I think , is too much and could easily prove a hindrance when it comes down to exam time . Even though , in my opinion , this calculator is head and shoulders above the TI-89 when it comes to ability , and price point -LRB- msrp $ 150 vs $ 200 for the TI-89 -RRB- , you already have to have a solid algebra andcalculus foundation in order to use this calculator effectively . E.g. , it will not simplifymost polynomial equations automatically , and especially power equations such as x ^ a where a is < 1 , and also it does not simplify to 1/sqrt -LRB- x -RRB- , it will return sqrt -LRB- x -RRB- / x instead . The calculator alsodoes not have the CSC , SEC , and COT functions , so you have to use SIN ^ -1 , etc. . Also , the differentderivation functions , such as DERIV , DERVX , and d return different results , e.g. DERVX will not dodefinite derivatives , while DERIV return the equation unsimplified , etc. . So , even though I gavethis 4 stars , my suggestion for the college student who will only take Calc I or II is to purchasethe TI-89 . Sure it 's a bit more expensive but that extra cost will save you a lot of the headachesof operating this machine . You have been warned !
 Got it as a replacement for my old HP , which died after nearly 15 yrs . of intense use . So I might not enjoy all of the other new features it might have , for any student going into college for engineering , or science , it should become an essential tool . You do need to invest some time getting familiar with it , study the manual even , but in time the effort pays off as it makes a lot of repetitive tasks easier .
 It 's my first graphic calculator but I can say it 's a very good one . A lot of possibilities with the huge quantity of programs you can find on the net anyway you can program yours very easy.After read and tested Texas Instruments and HP50G I went with HP and I 'm glad of myself hahaha.Isn ' t a very long battery but if you are at home you can connect by USB to your computer and it wo n't decharge , it also have an `` emergency '' battery so it wo n't shut down in an examn with your knowledge .
 The quality you expect from HP is present , but the operating software needs updating , To use flashcards with a 16 bit structure is a bit much with what is available today ! And what about a color screen?I do love the ability to switch between algebraic and RPN though .
 If you already know RPN , there is no other calculator out there for the advanced user who can do as much as quick as you can with this calculator ! Lot 's of functions , features and very fast on graphing and CAS operations !
 This is a great calculator but is EXTREMELY hard to program on . The only information that I could find to program on it was in RPN mode which is extremely hard to get used to . Also there was no information that I found to where I could program on it with a computer . This was essential to me , so I got a TI-86 as well . This is great for engineers though . Using the calculus features on it is amazing .
 Good calculator . Bought it to give my old HP48G a well deserved rest in my desk , taking the new HP50G to work . Only set back so far is that sometimes a misstype happens . Apperently the old HP48G was somewhat more `` solid '' in construction . Still , I liked this calculator . For those used to RPN or HP calculators , still a better choice than migrating to a TI . Recomended .
 This unit is very complete and I really enjoy working with the RPN as it is so effecient-overall I am very pleased with the product . That said however , I would really suggest that HP make the complete manual set available at the point of initial purchase -LRB- this is not a cheap tool-I believe a complete manual set should be included in the purchase-not just a cursory owners manual that is extremely basic -RRB- so that a more complete user experience could be undertaken . At the time of this writing the updated manual is still unavailable but appears to be scheduled for release . I would definately recommend this unit if you have the need and patience to fight through the online tutorials .
 For background , I 've used HP45 , HP41 , HP28 and others , and more recently the TI-83 / 84 . The HP50G is a great calculator , with more functionality than I am ever likely to use . And RPN is back , together with algebraic and equation editor/solver functions ! But , as other reviewers have noted , the manuals are far , far poorer than HP supplied of old . I 've ordered printed copies of the User 's Guide and Advanced User 's Guide , plus some supplementary material that should help.I can see why schools use the TI-83 / 84 ; not nearly as powerful , but well-documented , easy for high-school students to learn , and a lot of online support.Adding insult to injury - the package contained only the `` Quick Start Guide '' , a little over 40 pages ; have ordered a used copy -LRB- less than $ 10 -RRB- of the User 's Manual which should have been in the package . I do n't want to spend the effort to convince HP to send me a new one ...
 This is a superb tool if you are studying engineer . It has thousands of math functions . Operating with complex numbers , plotting functions , calculating laplace transform are some of the things I learned to use in this last months , staff thats very useful for a electric engineer student . Im just getting starting with it and it seems like its capabilities are endless.Its important to know that its not so easy to use , specially at the beginning . . In the first week I used to get very frustrated with it but as time passed by and putting some effort into it I ended up enjoying it.I totally recommend it . .
 Pros
 HP produced a great calculator with incredible functionality . The problem is learning how to use the functionality . I have been using online forums to get up to speed on how to do things that should be really documented in the users manual . Something basic like conversions between units should be fully detailed.I am still trying to get the hang on RPN , but it does seem to be very interesting on how it forces you to break your problems down into better digested pieces to solve .
 Lots of fancy stuff inside this one . So far I ` ve managed to turn it on and off
 Muy buena calculadora , la necesito mucho en la universidad y es lo que esperaba , excelente calculadora , la recomiendo
 After being thinking if it was a good idea to change my old HP-48GX , I made the decision to go over this calculator following the roots , sincerely I do n't have a problem with the calculator itself , it is really good , I took off one star only because the appearance , I put my old 48GX and the new 50g and ... there 's something does n't work , inclusive the HP-35s has a new great look , HP calculators should look different from a Casio or others , let 's coming back to the origins .
 Amazon its a great website where you can buy everything having no troubles with the product . i bought a calculator and its perfect .
 I 've been an HP calculator fanatic for almost 20 years now , so had to have this as a new toy.The Good :1 . This is an EXTREMELY powerful calculator . It 's really unbelievable all the stuff HP put into this one .2 . The equation editor is awesome and it 's a snap to enter and edit equations .3 . The leather case is really nice .4 . Keyboard layout seems fairly logical to me .5 . It 's smaller and more elegant than some of the other large calculators .6 . It has RPL and algebraic -LRB- for those sick individuals who like it better -RRB- modes.The Bad :1 . Somebody should be smacked for selecting a blister pack for this product . I think it took 15 min . to open it and I got a minor cut on my hand from the plastic . Would a damned box be too much to ask ? 2 . The keys are way too hard for my tastes . My fingers get physically tired after a couple of pages of calcs . I can punch the same equation through far faster with my HP48 simply because its keys have the perfect hardness and travel distance . And no , I am NOT a -LSB- ... -RSB- with little weak fingers !! 3 . They should definitely fire whoever wrote the pathetic little paper guide that comes with it and whoever wrote the pdf file manual .4 . The battery compartment cover is pathetic . It comes off waaaay too easily . What happened to the perfect ones from the HP48 and HP33s ?! It is not a monumental disaster -LRB- like the HP28S 's battery cover -RRB- because a small piece of clear tape completely solves the problem.I am a HUGE HP calculator fan , but I 'm a little worried that they missed the boat on some of these aspects . TI will put the final nail in this product line 's coffin if HP does n't do something soon . Diehards like me will go to whatever means necessary -LRB- buying used , etc. -RRB- to have our RPN/RPL calculators , but newbies wo n't stand for some of these little frustrating problems .
 Hello , thus , that are struggling in using this calculator due to the poor documentation provided by HP might consider using the ` HELP for * all * commands integrated into the O.S. ' that I have coded.This software is a complete context sensitive help system containing detailed help entries for 764 user commands including stack diagrams , access to the command and `` hyperlinked '' navigation to related commands.The help system is very flexible and very fast and allows adding any additional help desired.Details are available on my website.Regards , Andreas
 This calculator has been a real joy to use , I 've used this and bought a TI-89 for class work , the 49G beats the TI hands down , much faster than to run than the TI-89 , the only drawback is the battery life , I would recommend using rechargeable batteries .
 I purchased the HP 50g about three months ago . Mine must have been early production because it had a serial number starting with zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- . Something was malfunctioning because batteries lasted only 4-6 days . Contacted HP and was told to remove batteries for 24 hours then install fresh batteries . Did not make any difference . HP sent me another calculator and let me keep the old one . Old one works if I keep it plugged into a USB power supply . Too bad HP is letting their scientific calculators diminish in importance in their product line . They once made outstanding quality scientific calculators no other company could match . Would like to see them bring back a compact scientific calculator like the HP 15c .
 I am migrating from a HP49gI use the calculator for programming in a postgraduate program . - This calculator is twice faster than HP49g -LRB- tested with several User RPL programs -RRB- . - The keyboard is better than HP49g 's . - Ths display is larger than HP49 's . - The cable is USB and is included . - Memory for storage is not a problem anymore with the SD slot . - The premium pouch provides a lot of protection
 I have lived in TI land for a long time . But recently , I discovered iTunes U and all the courses one can download for free or a small donation . First , I looked at Stanford Physics lectures . Found that I spent too little time with Calculus in college . Needed graphing calculator for MIT 's Single & Multi variable calc courses.The HP50g is great for this , and the Equation Editor , with a little practice , allows me to type in the examples the way they are written and play with variables . The screen is as good as any . RPN is fast once you get some practice , and if you do n't like it , agebraic entry is the default . It seems to be as fast as any graphic calculator on the market.The only negative I can think of is common to some other graphic calculators . With the display and all the batteries at the top , its a bit top heavy.Oh , and I could not pass up on the price that Amazon was offering . Even without paying for delivery , I had it in five days . The Texas Instruments price policy probably stops even Amazon from discounting the TI graphing calculators as much . Their loss . Bottom line is this is a great tool for a fair price .
 I upgraded from the HP48G and while the functionality , speed and everything else has improved I feel as though the ergonomics were left out of the picture . This is going to sound strange but I typically used the 48G w / one hand and my left thumb doing everything . In college on exams I would write with the right and calc with the left . I do the same at work . The 48G had the batteries placed in the lower portion giving a nice balance to it in one hand . The 50 has 4 batteries under the display , so it makes it very top heavy and out of balance . In addition they moved the enter key to the bottom right corner and it used to be in the middle left ... there was a reason for that HP ! All in all a great calculator but I wished they 'd considered more carefully the reasons why the 48 series had the layout it did .
 I have an HP49G + and now I bought this mainly for the much better keyboard feeling and the serial connectivity option . Due to its black color it reminds more of a TI instead of an HP but this is not a problem . Some comments found on other sites about the display are not true . It is as bright as that of the HP49G + and has the same functionality but somehow it fits more information . The HP50G formats a 512 MB SD card faster than the HP49G + and it feels a little heavier due to the 4 AAA batteries -LRB- the 49G + uses only three -RRB- . The keyboard is SOOOO SOFT and has nothing to do with that of the 49G + -LRB- no noise at all when you press buttons , no missing keystrokes -RRB- . The soft deluxe case is a plus and the CD has everything you need to get you going . The serial cable is missing and I have to make one myself since HP does not have one yet in the market . In any case , if you are a student or scientist you need one . The menus are better than those found on the titanium TI89 , and the HP50G is not as heavy as the TI is . Not to mention that the lettering brings to mind that of the good old HP48GX . We all know that HP has been making calculators for many many years and now they are back with a robust product that is here to stay and can win the competition . Add its price of $ 124 with free shipping and no tax and then ask yourself
 This calculator is well made and has an incredible number of features . I only wish that HP would focus on making a truly great RPN calculator rather than an okay dual RPN/Algebraic mode calculator . If they focused on RPN then the keyboard layout could be optimized . The enter key should be double width and above the numbers for a good RPN calculator for one thing.The same is true with the function menus . HP does not know whether to stay with the old Soft Menus or the new Choose Boxes . I wish they would focus on the Soft Menus . As it is there too many functions hidden in menus that can only be accessed by shift keys . They should have a central soft menu with sub menus to access functions . This would free up space to optimize the keyboard layout for RPN.I think this is still probably the best calculator available today but whoever controls the design of HP calculators now must not have been around in the golden age of HP RPN calculators .
 I have been an HP calcualtor user for the past 22 years . After I went through two battery chargers on my dad 's TI-59 that he gave to me , I gave it back to him and bought an HP 41CX . I 'm STILL using that calculator today , and I use it virtually every day.My teenage daughter had been saying she needed a graphing calculator for the past year . I 'm glad I waited this long to get her one because this 50g model has become available . I bought one and liked it so much that I ordered another one two weeks later for myself.The many built in functions of these types of power graphing calculators requires a somewhat complicated menu structure to get to the multitude of these functions , constants , etc. . I spent two solid weekends working thru the HP supplied paper book to get a start with this aspect of it . The comparable high end -LRB- TI-89 -RRB- units are similar in this respect from what I read in the reviews -LRB- Amazon -RRB- on those.I have found the CAS to be quite strong in factoring quadratics & cubic polynomials . The Equation Editor is easy to use as is the graphing capability.The ` softkey ' -LRB- function key -RRB- access to the menu structure works best in RPN mode ; although Algbraic mode is supported , it takes about twice as many keystrokes . But then this was always the case for Alg vs RPN in entering expressions . The good news is that when it comes to using the equation editor , entry is essentially algebraic always , so the learning hurdle for one new to RPN is not too high as it is mostly just the concept of the `` Stack '' in numeric entry.What I think is most important about the unit is that with the ample memory -LRB- RAM -RRB- supplied , the use of the SD card , and the efficiency of SysRPL programming , this machine has enough power for now AND the future . The real value is the support for applications yet to be created . This machine can do a lot . I hope that HP has achieved better hardware reliability in this than has been observed in some of their recent handhelds . So far , I think HP has achieved a pretty good balance of quality and cost in the 50g considering the enormous pressure on COST these days . So far , I think this one is a real winner for HP .
 I just received my new HP 50g calculator this week and I love it . I was a bit frustrated last week when the backspace key on the HP 49g + calculator , which I had purchased only a little over three years ago , gave out . I never liked the design of the keypad on the 49g + , or on the 49g for that matter . The improvement in keypad design on the 50g is so significant that you can immediately tell that this design will last much longer than that of the predecessor just by feeling it . This keypad feels like the keypad on the fantastic old 48g series HP calculators.In addition to the upgraded keypad , the inclusion of the equation libraries was nice ; however the screen seems to have less contrast than my 49g + when compared side by side . The claim that it has more space than that of the 49g + is only sort of true . A few lines that were constantly displayed on the 49g + which contained items such as the clock , the current independent variable , and other such settings information are now only displayed in the main input window and are not displayed when using the graphing window , matrix or equation writer windows , or while running any programs . I like the increased useable space ; however , I could see how some people might want to constantly see the information that is now omitted . The 50g requires four AAA batteries as opposed to the three used for the 49g + . I do n't know if it actually consumes more power than the 49g + , but based on the fact that the actual processor , ram , and memory on the 50g are identical , I think that this modification was only made so that the batteries would not have to be changed as frequently . Other than that , the only other new features are the ability to format SD cards directly from the calculator and the serial port . I am a bit disappointed in the fact that the 50g does n't feature a faster processor or increased ram / memory , although I do n't think it actually needs more of either as the 49g + was very fast and had plenty of onboard memory with virtual infinite expandability . I guess I just like the idea of more speed and memory . Some others have mentioned that the sea foam green 49g and the golden 49g + looked unprofessional and kind of like Casio 's . I guess I 'm an odd guy , but I miss the golden finish . Whenever I 'd pull out my 49g + those simple minded Ti users around me would always do a double take and say something to the effect of , `` What is that thing ? '' I always enjoyed seeing them freak out when they did n't even know how to do three plus three on my calculator . Oh well.In summary , this is basically a 49g + with a few common sense and much needed improvements and not nearly as dramatic of a change as the transition from the 49g to the 49g + . If you liked the 49 series , you will love the 50g . Even for non-HP users who are too lazy to learn superior RPN , you can run it in algebraic mode and it will still smoke the Ti 89 titanium in performance , memory , expandability , connectivity , and flexibility.As to my credibility , I am a third year undergraduate student studying chemistry with a minor in mathematics . I have used HP calculators since my senior year of high school and I will never go back to the inferior Ti 's .
 Bought this to replace my 48G that I unfortunately spilled water on and ruined . I liked the key action of the 48G better , but the 50G is growing on me the more I use it ; just a bit stiffer and requires a heavier touch than the 48G . I 'd had my 48G for 15 years , so losing it was more sentimental than anything.The layout of the 50G is a bit different than the 48G , with the enter key on the bottom right instead of the top left ; also , the enter key is smaller on the 50G than the 48G . After a few weeks of use you get used to the new position and size though.I miss the look and feel of the 48G . The metal face and colors of the 48G were a bit classier than the all-plastic 50G in my opinion . On the outside , the 50G just looks like any old graphing calculator .50 G still has RPN , so that is the main thing . You have the choice of switching to algebraic mode , which you did n't have with the 48G , but I do n't know why you 'd want to use it . Once you 've gone RPN you 'll never go back.Only real problem I have had with the 50G is that the factory keytime was too high for me . I 'd enter a series of keystrokes and find that not all of them registered . Happened most often with repeats of the same key -LRB- e.g. 10000 would miss one or two zeros . -RRB- Did a quick google of the problem and found that the keytime was set too high . Found instructions -LRB- google again -RRB- on setting it lower to allow for quicker keystrokes and that did the trick . Now no more missed entries.One thing I 've noticed is that there is a very slight delay when processing simple calculations -LRB- add/subtract/etc . -RRB- compared to my 48G . Complex calculations are extremely fast -LRB- much faster than the 48G -RRB- , but I notice a very slight delay with simple calculations that I did n't have with the 48G -LRB- or any other calculator for that matter . -RRB- Strange since the 50G processor is so much faster than the 48G . Not a problem , just odd.I do like the resolution of the display on the 50G better , and the fact that you can set the stack to show more rows if you want . Nice feature . I liked the more matte finish of the 48G screen over the 50G 's though , although I will admit that the 50G 's will likely hold up better than the 48G 's did -LRB- I had a small pencil tip nick in my 48G screen ; the 50G screen seems a bit tougher . -RRB- The case that comes with the 50G is a HP branded stiff leather case with a magnetic button clasp . It 's a nice case and will protect the calculator , but it is really bulky . I like the soft case of the 48G better with the pocket for keeping a pencil or two.Overall , I 'm sure the 50G will be great . I just miss my 48G . I 'll probably end up picking one up on ebay for nostalgic purposes at some point , but now that I 've been using the 50G for a couple of months I 'll probably keep using it as my everyday calculator . : - -RRB-
 First , one must understand that HP is the company who invented the scientific calculator . HP calculator owners have a fierce loyalty to the brand , not just because of the HP calculator heritage , but because of the fact that these machines have a long history of accuracy and indestructability . Recent models have suffered somewhat in the latter attribute , however HP has attempted to make good on complaints and have come out with the 50G to address the problems with the previous top-of-the-line , the 49G + . In short , this is the most powerful calculator in the world . It has a fairly wonderful CAS -LRB- computer algebra system -RRB- which can solve both numeric and symbolic problems . It does so better and generally faster than the main competitor from Texas . But the best features of this HP go far beyond its basic capabilities.The 50G , like its predecessor HPs , is programmed in RPL , not BASIC . BASIC is just plain inefficient . On top of that , SysRPL is also available for those wanting to get into the calculator and make it do incredible things at incredible efficiency . Not for the faint of heart , SysRPL really flies . If that is n't fast enough , there 's a freely available C compiler , which extends the machine 's efficiencies further.HP calculators use what is called RPN for basic arithmetic . Although there 's a learning curve , shallower than many newbies would claim , this makes the calculator a powerhouse for solving quick-and-dirty calculations , even complex ones . Once one learns how to use RPN , one will never go back to the much less efficient algebraic . For those wedded to algebraic entry , this HP does that , too.If you are serious about mathematics , this is the only machine you should consider . Forget the Texas products and get the real deal . You wo n't be sorry you did so .
 i have been using this calculator since i started my engineering program . which was 4 years ago . i am a electrical engineer , and i love this calculator . before this i just used a TI83 i have never used a TI89 but many of my classmates use it . i find that this HP does much more right out of the box . while TI users are constantly finding and downloading programs to do those functions . first one that comes to mind is LaPlace . and let me say if you use of imaginary number a lot the HP has your name all over it . i can tell you that imaginary numbers give those TI 's a hard time , especially when it comes to hyperbolic trig functions of imaginary numbers.that said i would not recommend this calculator for someone who is just going to use it for basic mathematics . sure it will do without a problem but this is a all business calculator and if your not willing to spend some time to adjust to the new syntax -LRB- compared to your old calculator -RRB- you will hate the calculator . but once you get the hang of it you can set up a triple integral in about 10 seconds.by far one of my most favorite features of this calculator is the equation editor -LRB- EQU button -RRB- here you can type out a equation as you would see it on a piece of paper . instead of having to make sure you have all your brackets in the right place . it does n't sound like much but when you are typing out big long equations it is a nice easy way to verify that it is entered correctly.i have some reviews that say that documentation is lacking , i always found it to be quite helpful , and at 880 + pages it is pretty complete in covering all the functions of the calculator
 Back in probably 1989 or 1990 , while in engineering school , I was lucky enough to get a brand new HP 48SX even though I was almost broke and barely able to scrape and keep myself in school . Just two weeks ago , after what ... 17 or 18 years of flawless and faithful service to me ... my 48SX finally crapped out on me.After reading many , many reviews of HP and TI models , and after testing some TI models of colleagues of mine , I settled on the HP 50G . WOW , HP has done it again !! This calculator really seems to have it all and if it even comes close to standing up to my old 48SX , then I will be writing another HP review in , what , 2024 or 2025 when I buy my next HP !! EDIT
 I have been using the 48G for years and was looking for something a little more powerful . I was not disappointed . There may be a few features that are only utilized in the higher math courses , but this is a definite improvement for simple calculations as well . The delay between key press and solution are dramatically shorter . Graphing functions takes approximately 1/4 the time that my 48G does . -LRB- I had them graph the same function side by side -RRB- . Not to mention the ability to graph multiple functions and provide more calculations and feedback about the functions.An overall excellent product .
 GENERAL : The HP50g is a recent purchase I made because I just started Calc III in college . My major is Computer Engineering which will require differential equations and physics I & II . I bought the 50g because I needed something capable of handling things like vectors , 3d shapes , equations and formulas that could be saved -LRB- easily -RRB- , with the added hope that the CAS was moderately capable . I 'm a firm believer that homework , especially math , should be done with pen and paper so that one truly understands the logic behind the work , but , I do n't want to get a lower grade on a test because I made a silly mistake , so I had hoped that this calculator would be able to provide me with a way to check my answers on tests and to make homework easier by providing ways of experimenting with the equations easily.CAS : The cas is really good . It does everything I could hope for . All of the functions -LRB- derivatives , integrals , double integrals , and limits -RRB- can be solved numerically or symbolically . The point that surprised me the most was speed . I 've used some CAS on computers -LRB- IE sage and matlab -RRB- and I expected the speed on a handheld device like this to be much slower than it actually is.GRAPHING : Graphing is much different than the method used on a TI-83 . The 2-d function gaphing in the `` Y = '' form is still the same , but the parametric is much different as are the availble functions , but , as I get more accustomed to the calculator the more I like the method employed by the 50G . For one , it allows one to easily make calculations on the x/y/t variables . Instead of having to hunt down the function and enter a value to make a calculation on the result like on the TI , the HP has a single soft-button that puts the present variable values on the stack . This is very nice . The HP has a `` conics '' mode for graphing 2-d conics sections without having to solve the equation for Y . This is very nice , even in calc III where the conics are in 3-d , if you set one axis variable to zero and plug in the remaining values , you can quickly see what a 2-d slice looks like.RPN : At first RPN mode seemed really difficult , but the fact that as you enter values -LRB- which can be symbolic -RRB- and operations , being given an intermediate value is amazingly useful to double check your entries/work and having the result left to be acted upon again makes doing complex calculations MUCH easier.FUNCTIONALITY : The availble functions , constants , libraries , and customizability are all amazing . I love the ability to make my own soft-menus with the functions I need readily accessible . The ability to store my own defined functions is very nice , especially in classes like physics where I need certain equations over and over again . The organization of the machine is done really well with the most commonly used functions readily accessible and a searchable catalog of other functions.OVERALL : I would reccomend this over any of the other calculators I have used -LRB- Ti-89 / nspire -RRB- . The advanced functions are not really needed until one hits calculus . Id say that in all honesty , one could do absolutely fine with a ti-83 through most college level math classes and definately in high school , but in the higher math classes as well as physics , the functionality is so nice that I 'd say it makes the work ten times easier to do . I would n't reccomend this to someone who does n't plan on taking much math past college algebra , but , if your a major/professional in a math intesive job , this is a must . With the price being what it is on amazon , I 'd say it blows away the competition . My only two complaints are the included documentation and the keyboard . The keyboard is tough , nothing as good feeling as the TI machines . The documentation is completely lacking , but the internet has everything you could need or want . HP does have several full manuals availble for download which make up for it , but I would like to have a hard-copy of one included .
 The calculator is much faster than the 48 , especially when graphics of menus are involved . I liked my -LRB- broken -RRB- 48 more in terms of user interface and keyboard layout though.One issue that really annoys 50G users is how it does not capture the keystrokes quickly . As someone noted -LRB- but got the syntax wrong -RRB- this can be fixed using the Keytime command . The syntax is as follows :500 - > KEYTIMEYou can find the - > KEYTIME button on the command catalog -LRB- RIGHT SHIFT Symb -RRB- . Build quality
 This is an outstanding calculator.I 've been using it for many years , and recently bought another one because I was careless with the last one.First , the cons .1 . The screen is n't very high resolution . This is n't a terrible problem , but could help a lot with graphs and large equations .2 . It 's not immediately user friendly . That is , it has a bit of a learning curve compared to , say , TI calculators.That 's it . And now the pros .1 . The CAS is great -LRB- and open source ! -RRB- . It does algebra and calculus well .2 . It has lots of functions built in . Even excluding the ` function library ' , there are tons of very useful functions . There are several indefinite integration routines , Laplace/Fourier transforms , and all that . It 's nice .3 . Pretty customizable . There are lots of `` flags '' you can set to alter the behavior of the calculator . One example is setting the calculator in `` rigorous '' mode . This will cause things like sqrt -LRB- x ^ 2 -RRB- to simplify to | x | , not simply x. 4 . Supports RPN all the way . To prospective buyers , LEARN RPN when you get this calculator . Do not switch it to algebraic mode . There 's nothing wrong with algebraic mode , but RPN is a hell of a lot more efficient and comfortable . It takes 10 minutes to learn . All symbolic and numeric functions use RPN .5 . Has tactile/clicky keys . More important than you think . When you press a key , you get a nice click .6 . Comes with a leatherette pouch . Classy and protective .7 . Has an SD card slot . Sounds kind of useless , but can be very useful for transferring programs or loading data .8 . Uses standard batteries . AAA I think . Lasts quite a while too .9 . SOFTWARE overclockable -LRB- softclocking -RRB- to up to over 200 MHz . Sounds useless , but since you can dynamically set the speed , you can speed up the calculator if you need to do a 3D or contour plot .10 . Great documentation . The user manual that comes with it -- some few hundred pages -- is NOT the full one . The full manual is available on HP 's website , and has -- I think -- about 700-1000 pages.As you can see , this is a wonderful calculator . I hope HP continues their quality calculators for a long time .
 I just recieved my new HP50G less than 1 day after ordering it ! Wow Amazon/UPS , that was really fast for delivery across the US/Canada border ! I 'm really impressed with the service.Having explored the functions for a couple of hours I have found that this calculator appears to be a great replacement for my old and beloved HP48GX . The keyboard has hard keys and nice ` click ' unlike the much maligned HP49 keyboard . The smaller re-located entry key will take getting used to . Processing so far seems faster than older models.I found many of the functions just as I had them on the HP48GX -LRB- equation library , matrix editor , constants library -RRB- . One that so far looks a little more clumsy is the units editor and converter . The units editor is now a pull down menu instead of using the multi-function keys at the top of the keyboard . So far I 've found this a little slower to use.I 'm also missing the ` PLOT ' function which has disappeared from the keyboard . I was also missing the ` SWAP ' function but have since discovered that it 's still there using the right arrow key , but is not labelled.These little differences aside I 'm really happy with the product .
 It can do almost anything , including the ability to play games on it -LRB- I have played SF2 on it , wow -RRB- , it can resolve equations of almost all kind , but the manual is terrible and I have n't found a way to make programs on it
 I switched to the HP 50g from a TI89 , and I am pleased so far with how it works . The interface is much different from TI 's , so I had to consult the manual to figure out how to use some of the more advanced features . Although there is a bit of a learning curve , getting used to the calculator has n't taken too much time.There is one practical consideration that I never thought of . The calculator comes with a leather -LRB- or leather-like -RRB- case rather than a hard plastic cover . It looks very nice and protects the calculator from scratches , but it allows buttons to be pressed when the calculator is inside . I 'll often take it out of my backpack to find it on with a bunch of gibberish on the screen . It only takes a second to clear , but it does drain the battery . If you do n't throw it in a bag with a bunch of heavy textbooks , that should n't be a problem .
 After using the HP49G then moving over to the HP50G , it is amazing how far things have come in 10 years . The computation is so much faster I do n't know why I did n't switch sooner . Considering when you 're on the rig floor computing your curve , the HP50G is amazing . It is worth its weight in gold for a Directional Driller . You can compute any changes in TVD or surveys with a company hand or client breathing down your neck in a matter of moments , not minutes . If you are thinking about this calculator and wondering if you should get it ... the answer is YES !!! Anti-collision calculations is also done very fast . I use EasyDrill -LRB- goodle easydrill on geocities -RRB- software on mine and it does a great job . I would highly recommend it . The ability to input multiple wells for one pad and then calculate anti-collision is great .
 This is a great calculator , I 've had it for about a month now.It does have a bit of a learning curve.I had to spend about 2 hours reading the online guide in order to learn how to use the different graphs , as well as how to work with the new menus , use RPN , and other things like solving simultaneous equations.One thing I really like is that this calculator -LRB- unlike the TI 89 -RRB- has a equation writer . If you have a large and complex equation you are able to input it in without using alot of parentheses , -LRB- -LRB- -RRB- -LRB- -LRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . You can also edit the equations inside of the equation writer . With this you have alot less mistakes and if you do make a mistake it 's usually obvious that the equation does n't look just like it should .
 This calculator is a power house which is great for people who do not mind a steep and long learning curve . Being an old HP28 user , the first thing I did was switching it to RPN mode . As often mentioned in reviews the only shortcoming with this product is not related to the calculator itself but it 's all about the lack of printed documentation . For a top model it would be nice to have a printed version of the user and reference manual which are hard needed if you really want to unlock this calcs potential .
 I am a long time user of the HP 48G , which I accidentally dropped and broke a month ago . When I got on-line to purchase a new one , I decided to upgrade to the HP 50G . Overall , I am happy with the purchase and I do not regret my decision in the least . I thought it might be good to point out some differences that have caused some adjusting on my part to the calculator . First , the ENTER key has been moved from the upper left side of the calculator to the lower right . This still causes me to pause a second before entering in values . Second , the new ENTER location shifts the arithmetic function keys up one position , which causes me to hit the wrong function from time to time . Third , the calculator is not in RPN by default . You must go in and set this parameter in the MODE setting . For this reason , I recommend that you read at least the first two chapters of the users manual to get the calculator set up in a manner that will be most familiar to you , or to understand the default settings . Speaking of the users manual , the manual did not install from the provided CD onto my computer -LRB- I do not know why -RRB- , and I ended up having to download it from the HP website . When I finally did get the manual , it was primarily written for the 49G instead of the 50G , which made some of the instructions incorrect or impossible . For example , at one point , I was instructed to hit the I/O key , which exists on the 48G and the 49G , but not on the 50G . If you are used to the 48G , and need to hit the ground running , then be aware of these changes .
 I purchased this calculator as a replacement for my HP 48GX , which put me through engineering school in the mid-90s . Just like with my original model , functionality is impressive . The form factor and layout , however , are not improved . These are my Pros and Cons for this unit : PROS1 . It is definitely faster ! Graphs and algebraic operations are processed very quickly .2 . It has more functions and libraries than you will ever need . I had several third party products installed on my 48GX and are now standard on the 50G .3 . So much more memory ! 4 . SD Card slot . I do n't know if I 'll ever use it , but it 's there if I need it.CONS1 . Why is it so heavy and big ? Technology is moving towards smaller , more manageable machines . Maybe HP intended for this unit to double up as a weapon ? 2 . Why was the Enter key moved ? On the 48GX , it was conveniently located on the left side , allowing me to easily press Enter with my left thumb as I quickly punched in numbers with my right . It is now located below the ' - ' sign . I have to stop and think every single time I press it .3 . What 's up with the key punching ? I sometimes type in a number and realize I missed a digit . This had never happened before ! -LRB- or am I just getting old ? -RRB- 4 . The manual for the 50G is not as good . I have resorted to figuring things out on my own instead of trying to find it in the manual.Overall , I 'm pleased with my new HP 50G . It 'll just take me some time to get comfortable with the new layout .
 The quality of the calculator is execellent as I expected , based on past experience with HP . However , they can not produce a manual that is well-organized and easily understood even by someone with previous experience . How users new to anything more than basic operations manage , I do not know . Why does n't HP hire a good literate mathematics teacher to write for them ?
 Util para matematica analitica y calculo de derivadas , integrales , etc. . . Buena para finanzas y economia.Curva de aprendizaje de uso
 I have been looking for a pocketable platform on which I can run my C code . Since the PB-2000C days are over , these calculators are the only products , which you can buy `` new '' , in the market today . I 've made some search before deciding on which calculator to buy and my criteria was to find a calculator which can directly be coded in C without the need to be connected to a PC . However , 20 + years have passed since Casio introduced PB-2000C and there is still no such thing in the market today . Very much surprised , I turned my head to devices which use Windows Mobile . The basic thing they are missing is the keyboard . You can do much with such a powerful processor but the communication with the device would be a royal pain . This setback turned my head back to calculators . I have gone through the usual suspects . Since my criteria was to find a device which can run compiled C code , this was the only alternative . Or , the others failed significantly to advertise their capabilities and my superficial search failed to notice them , as I was n't planning to spend a lifetime to go though all the details that they hide here and there . So , HPGCC was there , the method to transfer files and run them on the HP 50G looked reasonable and I made my choice . Well , am I happy?First of all , this calculator still communicates over RS232 ? I was planning to pay a visit to a technological museum and point at my kids the serial interface on a 8088 , but no , it seems that I still have to use it . You can imagine the data transfer is not as you would expect . And no , you can not use the memory as a storing device when connected to a PC , if you use the calculator as a storage device , do the decent thing and buy yourself a memory stick . The manual which comes with the calculator is for beginners , meaning that , if you are old enough to be able to read and write and still you have n't seen a calculator in your life , than you can surely make use of it . The rest is on CD , which means that you have to carry a computer with the calculator all the time . Yet , the setting up of the ARM Tool Library which enables you to run your compiled C code was smooth . The HPGCC is working as it should and the documentation is well prepared . There is a supportive users group as well.If you are going to use this device strictly as a mobile platform which will run your C code , I would recommend it to you . I have n't go thought the other aspects .
 Very dandy calculator . Very quick -LRB- much faster than a 48 -RRB- . Keys have a very nice feel -LRB- maybe not the EXACT one that HP fanatics have in mind , but good feel none-the-less -RRB- . It does everything . Integrals , etc. . At the end I still preferred a ti-92 for all my math classes . But for number crunching I preferred an old & trusty ; HP-48 -LRB- but that 's because I 'm so used to the layout that when I pick up 50g I press the wrong keys -RRB- . There are some things about this calculator that feel like it 's a hack on top of the 48g operating system . Keys are not marked with functions . For example , hitting the right arrow , swaps the x-y registers -LRB- in RPN mode -RRB- - YET the key is not marked as such -LRB- a very important RPN function -RRB- . Hitting the down-key opens a viewer to look at the element in the lowest register - again UNMARKED ... It 's a good calculator , it 's just very quirky ; and if you truly need that complexity , you will love this calculator . Unfortunately , most people will probably be overwhelmed by it .
 The HP 50G is a considerable improvement over the 49G + , mostly due to the improvements made to the keyboard . It is noticeably faster with the new ARM processor which replaced the old Saturn 's . The current documentation is also quite detailed -LRB- 1000 + pages -RRB- . Overall , it 's a perfect tool , within this price range , for all science-oriented majors . Recommended without reservation . -LRB- Reviewed by the actual user of the calculator
 Got this for my son who uses the TI graphing calculators in school . He says the HP is easier to use . I chose the HP because of the legendary durability of past HP calculators . -LRB- The HP-15C I bought in 1986 still works great ! -RRB- This has really helped my son do his homework , so it has worked out well . I have n't used it myself too much , except to figure out how to switch it to RPN . Great feature to let you choose which mode to use . Very capable calculator for the money .
 Got this for a son in college studying Mechanical Engineering . Now that he is out in the real world practicing , he still keeps it at his side .
 I love this calculator , mainly for its Reverse Polish Notation -LRB- RPN -RRB- input method . After using RPN , it is hard for me to go back to the standard input method of most calculators . It also has algebraic entry -LRB- which I 've never used -RRB- and `` textbook '' entry , which lets you enter equations exactly as you would write them or see in a textbook . I use this quite a bit.I can not compare this calculator to Texas Instruments models because I 've never used a TI . I used an HP49g in an electronics class I took , so I stayed with HP due to my familiarity with them . Speaking of the 49g , the keys on the 50g have a much better feel and do n't miss keystrokes as often happened to me with the 49g . My one gripe is that the full user 's manual is only in . PDF format , not hardcopy , which is inconvenient to say the least and why I only give it four stars .
 Bought for use in a Physics A-Level . Has many features I will probably never use but at this price it was a bargain . An excellent calculator with a quality look and feel to it.The only thing I would mention on the negative side is the key issue , whereby if you press say ' 5 ' twice in quick succession the device will only recognize one ' 5 ' . A good idea to prevent repeat keystrokes however annoying and does n't have a way to turn it off!Other than that , well worth the money , loaded with features , and a quality leather case to boot.Highly recommended .
 Excellent calculator , easy to use and fast to solve complex equations , I am very happy with it .
 I ordered this from Amazon.com because it was a good price . I had been without an HP RPN calculator for a number of years . The TI is just not and adequate substitute . Although both are highly useful instruments . I was happily not disapointed when it arrived and proved functional . I love the SD port . I read of a long learning curve , but for someone who has been away from HP for a number of years the HP50G is a piece of cake . It behaves quite like it should . Thanks HP for making this possible .
 I ` am loving this calculator , it 's perfect to my colegge -LRB- electrical engenerring -RRB- and it 's better than the hp 49 GII , becaise this one has 4 aaa battery , instead of 3 , and there are no problemas with the bottons at ths model . i recomend
 Good product , fast response and it came to other country safetly and on time for chrismas holydays , even if you keep in mind that buy from Venezuela is a lil bit difficult the true was that Amazon make it easy for everyone ! thx a lot for the product and keep the good work !
 HP finally fixed most of what I did n't like about the 48GX and the buttons are an improvement over the 49 . This calculator can do it all . My only gripe is ; the location of the `` Enter '' button is n't the best seems as if it is better suited for lefties , but other than that I like it .
 quality product that meets all expectations , I really recommend the product is very versatile multi homework help if you want a quality machine and invest their dollars well , this hp is your best option
 A penas estoy conociendo el producto pero lo poco que he visto es facil de usar el manual es muy completo . .
 HP 50g it 's the newest and beter calculator of it 's class ... it has a perfect function and has all the technology present today ... It works perfectly ! Recommended ...
 If you are in the market for a top grade professional engineering / mathematical calculator , then the HP-50G stands heads and shoulders above its competitors . Hats off to HP for their effort in creating this product for what is certainly a very limited high end market . Having said that , a few improvements are in order , and these could well increase its appeal and sales potential.Firstly , the manual , while outstanding , needs to be printed on quality paper instead of being provided on a CD . Surely HP can find a low cost way to do this . I think a lot of users like me would not mind paying an extra $ 10 - $ 15 if the calculator came with a great printed manual -LRB- HP marketing and accounting take note ! -RRB- . Second major improvement would be a color screen . I have been tempted to buy the new ti-nspire or casio prizm with color screen . I have held back only because the functionality of the HP-50G is far superior to anything that TI or Casio currently have , even on their latest models . I am just hoping that HP is working on a update to the 50G that includes a color screen !
 Learned how to use TI calculators , ca n't seem to get the hang of the reverse polish notation . So I 've gone back to using my TI-83 PLUS . And learned how to write programs on the TI .
 I also own the TI-89 Platinum and to tell you the truth I find it a little easier to use . I 'm sure this is because I have a little more experience with the 89 but also can find more online and written documentation concerning the 89 . I do find that the display on the 50g is easier for me to read . That is the only complaint I have about the 89 and the 50g is an incremental improvement - not perfect , just better.I played with RPN and over time I may get used to it but I keep falling back to normal entry mode . I was hoping RPN would somehow be an advantage.The 50g is well built . This is my first HP calc so I ca n't compare it to past devices but it feels solid and well-built to me.I plan to keep exploring the 50g and try to gain more experience with it . Sometime down the road it may replace the 89 simply for the screen .
 Have one . Well built . As you all know many functions and amazing features . I did n't know there is further documentation on the Hewlett Packard Corporation site . I 'm enjoying learning different things about it . I give it a ***** over all . I recommend it for engineers in general .
 Simply match the expectations I had on this , but I thought the screen looked better ...
 Is a great machine , but I think is the same calculator like 49G + . Well , if just want it to take the last tech , is a good buy .
 Recomiendo esta magn&iacute;fica calculadora para los profesionales en carreras t&eacute;cnicas y sobre todo para los estudiantes de Ciencias e Ingenier&iacute;a . Asimismo , ayuda mucho en agilizar nuestra mente al utilizar su sistema RPN y crear un sistema l&oacute;gico invertido que estimula la creatividad y desarrollo intelectual .
 The best price for this HP 50g Graphing Calculator in the market , and free sup&eacute;r saver shipping good !!! -LRB- till the buying -RRB- , but in the future be nice that include a memory ... thanks Amazon ...
 It so much cheaper to get it here at Amazon than other suppliers . Delivery time was as promised , quick and in excellent conditions . . I love this product because i can do so much with it , and makes math , calculus , trigonometry real easy ...
 Product arrived on great condition but it took too long even after paying the extra money for immediate arrival .
 I really like this calculator for its abilities and functions . It has even more features than the best TI calculator can offer , and it 's cheaper . It has excellent variable handling , which I frequently use . This also has amazing programming capabilities , including programming on the calculator itself . It even can run C programs using an HP compiler . Everything about it user intuitive and the calculator is a dream to use . And the fact that has RPN made it very attractive to me as a functional calculator . I would highly recommend this to anyone who is in need of a graphing calculator.Thus , you should just buy it right now and love it forever .
 I 'm an engineering student who has been using my girlfriend 's hot pink TI-84 for the past year . While the pink 84 was a good conversation starter , it could not derive indefinite integrals . This HP 50g does indefinite integrals in a jiffy , and , thankfully , I have my pride back.More importantly RPN -LRB- reverse Polish Notation -RRB- is a very useful way to do calculations -LRB- although you can still use normal TI , algebraic input -RRB- . The ` stack ' allows you to keep numbers stored w/o having to actually save them as variables , and you are able to work through problems step-by-step a little more easily.In all , this is a great calculator , and I like it much more than my friends ' TI-89s that I have used . Take the time to read the manual , you 'll be thankful you did .
 I got this calculator as a replacement because someone stole my 48gII , so I 'm pretty familiar with the functions -LRB- The button placement and functionality is exactly the same . The main differences are the color scheme , and that the 50g has expandable memory and a larger screen -RRB- . My 48gII was older and had the crappy documentation that so many people have complained about , so I had to do a lot of research online in order to teach myself how to use it . I was expecting more of the same when I got my 50g , but I was very pleasantly surprised to learn that it came with a Quick Start Guide that walks you through many of the settings and features on the calculator . As a result , I learned how to change settings that I did n't know existed , and have gained even more functionality from my calculator . In addition , there are downloadable guides and manuals with tons more information -LRB- They add up to about 1400 pages ! -RRB- . Other than that , the construction is solid . A friend of mine -LRB- who 's used to TI 's -RRB- said that the buttons are hard to press , but I do n't feel that way . This is possibly because I 'm used to using HP calculators . I am an engineering student , and most of my peers use the TI 89 . I 've never had one of these , only an 84 . Of course , there 's no comparison between the two . My peers are all impressed and sometimes intimidated by my calculator.I have to say , do n't be intimidated by the learning curve on these calculators , because once you learn , there 's no limit to what you can do with these things.This calculator does so many cool things , I 'd probably be here all day trying to list them , but I will name a few . One of my favorite features would have to be the equation library . A lot of equations that we use in engineering , such as the kinematics , are built in to this calculator -LRB- and sorted by type -RRB- , along with a handy financial feature that calculates interest rates , etc. -LRB- which comes in handy in engineering economy , among other things -RRB- . It also has an equation writer feature , which allows the user to enter integrals and other equations as they would look in a textbook prior to solving them . There is a step-by-step functionality included with this . Note that it does not do the steps in the same way that one would if he or she did the same equation by hand , but it can still be helpful in figuring out how to solve the problem if you know the mechanics behind that type of mathematics.I 'm still learning how to work in RPN . I can see where it saves time and keystrokes , though . It 's also a great deterrent from having people ask to borrow my calc -LRB- which I 'm really squeamish about , given the circumstances -RRB- . In closing , I definitely recommend this calculator . The person who stole my other calc actually did me a favor ! If you like to stand out from the crowd -LRB- circumstances may be different at other schools/environments -RRB- , and have a ton of functionality , this is definitely the calc you should buy .
 I 'm a long-time HP fan , but , I guess as a testament to their quality , I 've only owned a few . 28S , 48SX , and now this 50G . My 48SX was purchased in ~ 1990 -LRB- whenever they were first sold -RRB- , and still works and looks perfectly . If this calculator lasts half that long , it 'll be worth it . I missed the `` low quality '' years that HP apparently went through according to reviews on this site , but I would rate the initial quality of this calculator as very close to my 48SX . Amazon.com was amazing as usual . Calculators arrived the next day in perfect shape . Bought 2 . Was shopping for my wife so she 'd not borrow my 48SX , and then decided I needed one too . One of them even came with a bonus 1 GIG SD card . As a perk , reading through the manual helped me fall asleep at night . Others have talked about the meager manual , and I would agree with them , that it is less than expected . However , the electronic manual is expansive , searchable , and easy to use . I prefer it .
 I bought the 50G after using the 49G + for several years . I love this machine . There are many great reviews here o n technical matters so I would like to give some more subjective impressions .1 . The look and feel . Thank God HP has begun to return to a Classic look and feel for its products ! -LRB- I prefer `` Classic '' over the more fashionable `` Retro '' -RRB- . This calculator looks like a professional machine and NOT A TOY !!!! Pink plastic covers may be great for 5th graders but not for professionals . Also the contrast of lettering on the keys is important for users with poorer vision -LRB- me ! -RRB- . I can barely even read the key options on the Ti89 Titanium . These same comments also apply to the new 35S and 10BII calcs just introduced -LRB- which I also bought -RRB- . From what I can see ditto for the 40GS ! 2 . Ditto for the leather case - again just a professional touch ! 3 . There is more math capabilities on this machine than I will ever use and I use a lot of math in my teaching . I feel I got WAY MORE than my money 's worth .4 , Please HP , PLEASE go back to providing a full printed manual !!! This trend of only providing manuals in pdf format is a terrible decision . Even if the printed manual is sold as a separate purchase that would be better than having to use a computer to access it . Note
 I have used HP graphing calculators since I first got my hands on one in high school back in 1992 . I still own the first of them that I purchased -LRB- a 48GX -RRB- and it still works just as well as it did back then . The principle difficulty with this calculator was that as calculator speeds improved , especially with graphing applications , HP had not come out with anything new , and my performance was beginning to lag behind the rest -LRB- in graphing applications -- RPN is still the fastest way to compute arithmetic computations -RRB- . The HP 50G takes care of this downfall , and also adds some great features for people who are n't used to the RPN -LRB- reverse Polish Notation -RRB- system of computation . The calculator may be switched between algebraic -LRB- what most people are used to -RRB- and RPN as you wish . The menu system -LRB- which I personally prefer , but which may have been confusing -RRB- can also be switched to a visual selection menu system . As always , the HP 50G has infrared communication capability , and now the HP 50G also has an SD card memory slot to enable users to add as much memory onto the calculator as you like . Full programmability , interface options for user comfort , all of the great HP features , and it runs quickly . If you 're an old HP user , you 'll be impressed with it 's up-to-date efficiency and display resolution . If you 're new to HP 's , you 'll be amazed how many features are similar , if not easier to use , than the competitive brands , and as always , the HP is geared toward user end modifications and specialized program distribution , so it can be used after you leave school as well.For any of you who , like me , had purchased a 49 , the 50G 's keys do not suffer from the `` too stiff '' syndrome -LRB- I have been told by HP that they fixed the problem with the keys sometime after I had purchased mine -RRB- and many of the same features that were available on the 49 are on the 50 as well . The primary differences are the SD memory slot , the larger screen , and the ability to select drop down menus instead of the standard menus . There is also a direct USB interface slot . Since I lost my 49 a while back , I was pleased to get a chance to purchase a better model to replace it .
 My trusty old 48GX recently started acting up - some keys just did n't work that well any longer . So I decided to start looking around for a replacement . I settled on a 50G . I 'm glad I did.My thoughts :1 . The obvious
 This an awesome calculator that 's as close as it gets to the old standby nerd trophy , the hp 48gx . For old school , maximum efficiency , you should do two things when you open the package . Change it back to RPN mode , and set flag -117 to get rid of the idiot friendly `` CHOOSE '' menu interface.LCD is disappointing ... a little too low res for something released in the 21st century . I can live with it if it means a slight improved battery life . Casing feels little shoddy , definitely has that made in China feel to it . Keypresses feel heavy and sturdy though . No printed reference manual available -LRB- it only ships with an abridged intro book ; however , the pdf version is available -RRB- .
 After making a mess with the HP49G , these guys got it right again . I have to say this is an awesome calculator . As far as features , it is very similar to the HP48 with the CAS library installed , but it is WAY faster for anything you do . I have not seen it stop stupidified for a few seconds * thinking * yet , like used to happen somewhat frequently with the HP48.The buttons have a nice , solid feel and are easy to press , a huge improvement over the 49 . Havng the SD card slot is cool , although I do n't really have a use for it . I also like the idea of using 4 batteries instead of 3 , which was kind of stupid in my opinion as you can only either buy 2 or 4 and you always ended up with a useless spare.I highly recommend this one if you 're looking for a faster and improved version of the HP48 .
 I had been an old hp48gx , hp42s , and hp41cx user.The 50g is a worthy replacement . Good stuff.Also ... lot 's of independent websites offer helpful advice on programming and features . A couple out there will show you how to write code from your PC . Or you can even get a free emulators to test your code . That 's pretty cool . But doing it from the hp50g is fine , too . Lots of debugging routines are built-in to help you.The ability to conveniently file and organize data and programs is still with a LOT of room to do it . -LRB- Especially with the SD card !!! CHEAP plug in expansions . I went with just a 256mb card that I already had laying around . LOTS of room works well . -RRB- But this also adds the feature of seeing a `` file tree '' so you can easily figure out where you stored items.Just like when I had hp48gx ... I first thought ` how do I do this ??? ' -LRB- related to the filing system -RRB- . But as soon as I figured it out , I smacked myself in the head for not seeing it earlier . Very simple and straightforward.Just go into files . Highlight what you wish to look in . Hit chdir.And then do n't forget to you use your next key to change your menu options to see all the features -LRB- for example
 This is a review of the HP 50g Graphing Calculator by Hewlett Packard . If you are -LRB- or aspire to become -RRB- an engineer , mathematician , physicist , or physical chemist , then this is the calculator for you . Actually , this is not really a calculator
 This review is written two years after I purchased this calculator , shortly before my first calculus class . At that time , there was ONE other person in my entire school with a non TI calculator -LRB- also an HP 50g . -RRB- I was intimidated at first , but I was encouraged by my father who programmed extensively on his HP 41CV many years ago . `` RPN , '' he said , `` should sell you on this calculator , specs and features aside . '' He 's right.RPN seems really intimidating at first . But once you GET it , and UNDERSTAND it , you have to wonder how you could have ever done math any other way ! It is extremely powerful for entering long equations or performing many small calculations in a short time . It also helps -LRB- me , at least -RRB- you to understand whats going on in your problem ; it displays intermediate results and it forces you to consider the order of operations and what you must do to complete the problem . This , in a way , reinforces what you 've been taught!Now , features . Yes , this calculator is several years old , but its CAS still easily competes with -LRB- and beats in many ways -RRB- the latest TI and Casio offerings . The trig and complex number capabilities are , as far as I know , second only to a dedicated program like Mathematica . It supports Parametric 3d plots , something I do n't believe even the TI nSpire CAS yet supports -LRB- Oh , it can plot in 3d , but not with parametric equations . -RRB- It has extensive calculus , numerical , financial , and engineering capabilities . It has an extensive library of relevant equations and units for these things . It easily converts units . The keyboard is almost completely remappable -LRB- not the ON key , I believe . -RRB- There is enourmous power to be had in the programming capabilities of it , too . If you can use RPN/RPL -LRB- effectively the same here -RRB- you can program in UserRPL . You can also write programs in C , Assembly , and HP Basic.Specifications . Until the Nspire came out , this calculator had the most powerful processor around . I think they may be tied , actually , the HP uses an ARM9 downclocked to 75MHz to conserve battery and lower memory errors , while the Nspire uses the same processor clocked at 150MHz -LRB- coupled with the huge screen , how 's that battery life , eh ? -RRB- The 50g has 2MB of memory for programs and 512KB as RAM . It can take an SD card -LRB- up to 2 GB -RRB- to expand this . It has a lower resolution screen than the TI 89 , and a much lower on ethan the Nspire . Personally , I think this makes it a lot easier to read ! I do miss it when graphing , though . Battery life is much better than the Nspire , not quite as good as the TI 89 . Neat things / Power . I sort of clashed with a lot of people at my school -LRB- teachers included -RRB- as to which was better , my HP or their TI -LRB- I 'm a nerd , I know . -RRB- The HP , in my experience , was able to do anything they could make theirs do -LRB- often faster -RRB- and many things that theirs could n't . The common factorial benchmark ? The HP supports up to 10,000 using the standard function . The Nspire ? 450 , I believe . I have a C program that goes way above 10,000 and can give me 2,000 in less than a second . Granted , the HP must do this in `` exact '' mode , because using standard functions it only supports up to the 499th power in Scientific Notation -LRB- as opposed to 999 in the TIs . -RRB- Note I say `` standard '' because there are programs that get around this ! For a symbolic example , there are a number of integrals that the TIs ca n't do symbolically , as well as limits and a few factorizations !! See here
 This being the third of HP 's attempts to make a high-end calculator -LRB- after the HP-49G and the HP-49G + -RRB- , HP finally got it right . I have all three of them - the first one was alright but quite slow and the rubber keys were very hard to press . Many of the HP-49G + units were total disasters due to their keyboard -LRB- mine is no longer functional after only 1 year of regular use -RRB- and some software bugs -LRB- if you own it - try turning the clock off , your keyboard might start working properly ... -RRB- . However , the 50G is perfect . Keyboard is great , display is great -LRB- although the `` 30 % increase in usable space '' over the 49G + is a blunt , err , marketing trick -RRB- , software is working properly , and it has all the ports you 'd want
 I thought that I would never own another HP graphing calculator after I purchased an hp49g some years ago . I am a huge fan of RPN and own an hp33s which I think is great for its features and usability . The hp50g is not for the beginner , this is a power calculator for college students in math or engineering , professionals , and firmware hobbyists . This calculator just works out of the box . The keys are firm but responsive , unlike the hp49g which required lots of force to activate the buttons . Also I have n't been able to find any errors in the calculations , also unlike the hp49g which required a firmware upgrade to correct blatant math errors . I think this latest model restores some hope for hp 's future offerings - it 's not just a printer cartridge company any more ...
 I 've been an HP user for 10 years when I purchased my HP48G for high school calculus . I still have the 48G but gave it to my wife for her MBA statistics class . I decided this was a perfect excuse to spring for a new HP . I 've had the HP50G for 2 weeks and I am nearly as satisfied as with my old 48G . I am not a fan of the new color scheme , which looks similar to something TI would use , and I am especially irked by the choice of colors for the keys . I was much happier with the color scheme used for the 48G . NOTE TO HP
 This is the first HP calculator I 've owned and , after using a TI for three years , I have to say that the HP is vastly superior to the TI in just about every way . Also , at the time I bought my HP 50g , it was actually cheaper than the TI 84 plus silver edition -LRB- although this is no longer the case
 Being a math , engineering & computer geek back in high school , me & my like-minded buddies all purchased the brand new HP 41C . Wow , what an incredible calculator that was for its time . It lasted me nearly 30 years -LRB- still going actually -RRB- . I recently purchased a 50g & am blown away by its capabilities . Along with the amazing graphing , equation writing/solving & memory capabilities come definite , albeit unavoidable , complexities in the form of button-pushing . Others have complained about the fact that one button can take on up to 6 different functions , depending on which shift or alpha key combination you press first . This is not complicated nor hard to learn . I 'm basically learning by practicing & all is well . This calculator has more capability than I will probably ever use . It has the ability to operate in either RPN or Algebraic entry mode . I 've used RPN forever , so that 's my default mode . It turns out that the Equation Writer does operate in Algebraic mode - no big deal . I would not recommend this calculator to someone who 's not on a math/science/engineering track . It has features you 'll never use . These technical disciplines attract individuals with a mind-set that 's well-matched to learning & understanding the 50g in a time-efficient manner . If you just need a calculator to get you through a required algebra or calculus class - & that 's it - there may be other calculators out there with a reduced feature set that would suffice for you . Along w / the HP 50g 's unparalleled features comes what I would consider a reasonable learning curve -LRB- for me -RRB- . I do this stuff all the time , so it 's worth putting some time in to learn it . Some of the more negative reviews of this calculator make mention of the significant learning curve . This may be true if you 're not adept at learning/understanding math notation , & / or do n't have a need for the 50g 's capabilities on an ongoing basis . This can probably be said if any higher end graphics/engineering calculator . If you do n't use it with some regularity , you may need to relearn certain procedures later on.In summary , if you 're a technical individual who understands math & science , & you 're wanting a calculator that can do just about anything you 'd ever ask ... this is the calculator for you . If all you need to do is keep track of your budget , & calorie-counting - the 50g is definitely overkill !
 I am an HP 49g + calculator user myself , and my son is using an HP 50G at school -LRB- currently at the pre-calculus level -RRB- . He finds the RPN mode of the calculator much more efficient than the TI calculators his class mates are using
 This calculator is a world-class product . It has vast functionality that will keep a sharp mind busy for years discovering new features , stored references and programing . It is as easy to use as a basic calculator , but when you need something more advanced just google what you need and print out the excellent HP tutorial on that subject -LRB- this calculator has so many features that printing and reading a full manual would be overwhelming - just learn what you need -RRB- . My son learned to graph , check his quadratic equations , check periodic table and many other things on this calculator very quickly . His chemistry teacher was very impressed that the full periodic table is stored in hp50g , including element details that are only found in advanced chemistry books . It has built in statistics , physics and financial functionality . RPN notation is fun , especially for sharp kids who seem to ` get it ' fast and never want to go back to the algebraic again . I would recommend purchasing this calculator for an advanced middle school student and you will never regret it .
 it is a better version if it compares with 48 GX ... my first cal ... otherside I need a manual for it ... I am studying a MBA ... and I think that it is enough ...
 excellent throughout . 100 % recommended , best of breed . congratulations . I arrive at the expected time , very punctual and attentive . reliable and helpful
 Excelente calculadora , para el uso que fue fabricado , es ideal para los calculos de las ingenieria , tiene muchos programas interesantes .
 Muy buen producto , para los estudiantes de ingenier&iacute;a , excelente para graficar y calcular . Cumpli&oacute; con las expectativas de mi hermana
 muy bueno todo , envio rapido buen precio buena cualidad recibido mas o menos en el tiempo previstolos recomendo good purchase ... ok
 This calculator is very ergonomic , it has an enormous amount of functions and is very useful for engineering students . It will make everything easier if you learn how to use it .
 Hp fan since college . still I do n't like that they have n't make a lot of improve in the connection between pc-calc but this is pretty much like the same old problem with calc since the 48g . In other topic , I do n't look down TI . In my opinion is pretty much the same level of good calculator that hp . I just like hp .
 * RPN is fantastic . You 'll never want to go back to an algebraic input system after using this . * Processing is very fast . I compared the graphing speeds and the HP50G graphed like lightning in comparison to the TI-89 .
 Indispensable para estudiantes de ingenier&iacute;a ! . . A mi hermana , que es la que usar&aacute; la calculadora , le encant&oacute; , y el producto lleg&oacute; en perfecto estado . .
 a good calculator , very usefull and helpfull especially for engenier students or engenierm i recomend you to buy this item
 Definetly the best calculator i 've ever had . Very complete.But it 's still very hard to use . I hope I get better on this .
 i use this calculator for work . it 's easy to use , and has everything i need it for .
 Learning curve a little steep even for veteran HP users . I 'm getting used to it but still have trouble remembering some little used functions .
 I like this calculator as the functions are easy to understand . Unfortunately , this does not have home screen with ikons as in Texas Instruments Ti89 Titanium . I have both these calculators and I will say both of these are equally good .
 I purchased this HP 50G Graphing Calculator as a gift for a college student who is very happy with the calculator . Based on his input I recommend this product highly .
 They , now , fixed the keyboard problem which made me hate my HP 39G + . You do n't need to be a body builder to use this machine . I , now , have a calculator that I can use for a long time ...
 Excelente producto , llego en muy buen estado y no tuve problema alguno con el.Me siento muy satisfecho con el producto !
 excelente producto de calidad recomendando como lo estaba buscando excelente servicio de envio a miami y recibido a tiempo estimado
 2 0 1 2todo excelente , todo listo , entrega y satisfacion garantizada , buen material2 0 1 22 0 1 2
 I was looking for an organizer and one place that popped to mind was target . They had many different types , but at this price , none were leather . The leather ones were at least 35 to 60 bucks . This one is almost exactly the same . The quality seems good and the leather smell is lovely . Go with this .
 Worth the price . The leather gets scuffed quite easily and there seems to be no way to get it out . Otherwise , it is neat and handy.It would be nice if Amazon stocked the 6-hole paper punch !
 I needed to replace my daytimer cover and this was perfect . Nice quality material for a very reasonable price .
 This is the best cordless phone that I have ever owned . It took me a while to track this one down . The 2 line feature , and caller id make this one stand out from the other VTech models.The battery that came with the phone has a very long talk time . I have been amazed.If you are planning on hanging this phone on the wall , be carefull , the handset does n't hook on the base very well . Our is always falling off.Overall I really like this phone .
 Minimal static , Long talk time , Comfortable to talk on for extended periods , hold option for a two line home/office .
 We purchased our first basic Vtech cordless phone about 4yrs . ago . When another phone stopped working , we replaced it with a Vtech . Last year we bought yet another Vtech , like the model above and loved it though I paid a higher price and no rebate . Last week my son took the phone on a diving adventure in the toilet . This is not a good idea . Amazingly the LCD pad and ringer still worked but the keys did n't . After giving VT-2960 a beautiful send off we brought in a replacement . Another VT-2960 . And I think it has great range . I 've actually driven to the entrance of our subdivision while still talking , much further than the manual says . Yes , I know it 's not a car phone : -RRB-
 This phone has all the features and has been easy to set up and use . The only problem I 've found is flipping between handset and speakerphone - it works but could be easier . The handset is quite heavy , but reception is good .
 I am shocked at the negative reviews on this page . I have owned this phone for 2 years with absolutely no problems . Battery life , reception , ease of use , audio quality have all been excellent . Security is unmatched ! I am buying a second one for my father . I would recommend this phone to anyone !
 Having read the negative reviews on this instrument , I can only think some folks are way too demanding of their home electronics ! -LRB- Maybe you have to be old enough to remember pre-TouchTone ... -RRB- I never had any trouble with this phone at all , having had to replace a much older cordless phone that picked up too much outside noise . The sound was great , the batteries were plenty long-lived for home -LRB- and SOHO -RRB- use , and there was never any bleed-over when both lines were in use . And the complaints I 've seen -- the beeping when you push the buttons , etc -- strike me as very trivial . Unfortunatly , my phone was recently fried by a nearby lightning strike , as were my modem and network card , and now I 'm acquiring a DSL line , so I 'm cutting back to a single phone line . I will probably replace my poor , dead phone with VTECH 's model 2461 -- but if I still needed two lines , I would defintely replace it with another model 2960 !
 I traded in my phone , answering machine and caller ID box for this single phone that does it all . It has decent range , clear message recording , and a speaker phone . I liked the first one I bought so much I bought a second .
 I ordered to phone and receieved it two days later . It took all of 5 mins to set up . It was so simple . It comes with everything for setup except a spare battery and the optional headset . The phone is compact , and the lighted keypad is great at night . The phone also comes with an easy owners ` manual . If you want a nice phone with great features then this is the one for you .
 Like all VTechs - great price ; acceptable function . I 've owned this phone for many years . Reading the negative reviews is disappointing . What do people expect from a phone that does everything for less than $ 100 ? The sound and other qualities are adequate , not exceptional . Have your ever made a good recording from a small condenser mike ? Try getting closer and speaking quietly . Good range . It is sturdy and reliable . The electrical engineer who needs the manual to set the time should change professions . Just * LISTEN * to the menu . I really like the extra battery serving as power backup - very useful where I live .
 I have been absolutely astonished to read negative reviews of this phone . I mean that sincerely . Since I bought it a year ago , paying a premium price for it somewhere besides Amazon , unfortunately , I have not had a single problem with it that was directly related to the phone . Any problems I had were poor phone lines , or a poor understanding of operating the phone . I got mine with an optional headset , also by V-tech , and it adds to the beauty of this phone . With the belt clip it comes with you can wear it around the house chatting , sit at your desk , whatever you want to do with it . With two lines , and also two separate answering machines that can have individualized messages , it is a darling machine . I happen to love hi-tech toys and tools , and I consider this phone to be a convergence of both . I have used the conference call feature on it many times now , actually hooking my wife up at work on her cell phone , long distance to her mother in Europe , via an Internet connection provided by an Actiontech telephony device and it worked beautifully . I have switched to using the Actiontech PCI card telephony device that allows you to use a normal telephone , and now I use one of the phone 's lines exclusively for that purpose . I came to this website to buy another one of these phones , having paid two hundred dollars for mine from Spiegel . Can I say more about this phone than to buy another one ?
 The sound quality is great , both for me and for the people on the other end . The functions are awesome , and I really like having an answering machine that works with both lines . The only problem I 've found so far is that , as the editorial review said , the advanced features are not as intuitive as I would have liked . I 'm going to have to keep the manual handy until I am sure I know how to do everything.My only other quibble is that someone pasted a little sticker over the one-year warranty , to make it only a 90-day warranty . That 's probably because I opted to buy through one of the vendors rather than direct through Amazon , but I still think it 's kind of cheesy.But the phone is great !
 from time to time while talking on the phone I would pull the entire unit off the counter much to my husband 's displeasure . Since we have two lines into the house and a desire to save counter space , the V Tech two line cordless answering machine unit was the answer .
 This phone rocks ! Its got everything a teen has ever wanted and its also at such a great deal ! After so much searching though the office stores for phones , amazon.com solved the problem . i ca n't wait till it comes to the house !
 The Chair is great , built to last , and is really comfortable . Good Quality at a Great Price . Excellent Value . Easy assembly .
 This chair goes together really quick . I 'm pretty certain it took me less than 10 minutes . So far it seems pretty comfortable and durable .
 Recently started working from home , and was worried I would n't be able to find a chair as comfortable as the $ 1l ,000 + one I had at work . This chair is just as comfortable if not more ! Very happy with it , have had a few 12 + hour days in this bad boy and my back is thanking me !
 This is an excellent chair for the price . It is very comfortable and is very adjustable to fit all sizes .
 We were displaced by hurricane Sandy and currently living in a trailer on our property . This chair is a Godsend ! It is n't too big for our small living quarters and is super comfortable even if you are a BIG person . My husband and I are 6 ' tall and most of these type chairs did n't feel comfortable , -LRB- tried @ Staples -RRB- they did n't accomodate long legs . I run my busines from my home so a comfortable chair is a must . It is ajustable and being on wheels you can navigate around the desk/file cabinet easily . The arms are a nice feature especially when you are tired . it feels great on your back and even after a long sitting time my back does n't feel fatiqued . The material its made out of is very much quality and the leather seat is a nice touch , it looks like a much pricer chair . I 'm Very happy with this purchase !
 Looked at a lot of chairs and by far for the money this an excellent quality product and very comfortable .
 The ability to recline on the chair without pushing anything can be really helpful during long stretches of studying , adjustable arm rests are also really helpful , been used heavily for 7 months and still as good as new . While otherwise being very comfortable , it lacks lumbar support so I use it with a lumbar-support-pillow
 This chair was SO easy to assemble and is very sturdy , comfortable and great looking.I only wish I had ordered it sooner !
 Chair was easy to put together . Comfortable and stable . So far it has been a good buy for the price .
 Our Secretary smiles now ... She enjoys the chair for her back . She says we might even order one for me . Hooray
 The chair is every thing the positive reviews say it is . EASY to assemble , and very comfortable.You will not be dissapointed if you buy or maybe more .
 Arrived quickly ... assembly was a snap . The only ` con ' is the armrests are angled poorly for me , but the chair is otherwise perfect for my back and long hours at the computer .
 I only have one complaint , the arms are quite hard plastic . I 've added some padding to mine , otherwise it 's quite comfortable . I 'm 5 ' 2 and it fits me nicely .
 We just recently received this chair in the mail.Pro : Very simple to setup , took less than 15 minutes and all tools were includedDesign is impecable , the leather feels solid and not cheap , arm rests are made of a soft rubber which is very durableBack rest feels great , good lumbar supportCon : Box was huge and barely fit into my car . UPS damaged parts of the box and had it tapped up by the time it arrived , luckily the UPS driver waited while I checked the contents of the box were ok before signing off on it .
 Comfortable chair , easy to assemble , soli construction ... . but arms interfer with my desk when at comfortable height so that I need to sit on the front of the chair ... -LRB- no back support -RRB- .
 This chair is solid ; you will feel secure sitting in it . Its back is firm and provides great back support -LRB- I think this is what makes it much less fatiguing to sit in -RRB- . The leather seat is cushiony and does not get too hot when sitting for long periods of time . Having the armrests make it all that much more comfortable .
 I 'm a computer science/software engineering student , so I spend a lot of time at my best . I found this chair to be comfortable , even for long periods of time -- of course , that 's just my experience . I wish it had more adjustment options , but that 's asking a bit much of a chair in this price range .
 What a great chair ! The price is great , the quality is great , and the chair feels amazing , especially the mesh back is so relaxing ! Can lean back , and relax the only thing it does n't have is the ability to lock it while reclined .
 I used to install office furniture -LRB- put myself through college that way -RRB- and know a fair amount about the construction quality of office chairs . I 've probably assembled several thousand of them , everything from Global to Herman Miller to Hon. I 've also built the cheap off-brand chairs that big-box office retailers sell . Usually , the less expensive the chair , the lower the quality . A good office chair from a top-shelf brand that matches this chair 's design and characteristics would cost 2-3x what this chair does.Usually the difference in cost is due to poor quality plastic parts , a poor quality pneumatic lift mechanism , lower grade leather -LRB- if applicable -RRB- , and junk casters that do n't roll freely . After building this chair and testing it out , I can say that it is a very well made chair with quality parts , except for the arm rests . The pneumatics are strong and even and fully support even a large male -LRB- I weight 205lbs -RRB- . The leather seat cushion is comfortable , not over or under stuffed , and sewn with heavy gauge stitching which wo n't fail quickly . The caster are adequate , and while not quite as nice as those on a premium chair , do roll easily and freely without getting stuck , even on office carpet . The mechanical levers for seat adjustments are well placed and are easy to adjust . The machine quality of the metal parts is good , and the whole chair assembly is firm and well built.The mesh back is responsive , firm , and comfortable . While not adjustable as on some much more expensive models , it does support a variety of back types adequately . If you prefer a very ` cushy ' chair back such as an overstuffed chair , this is NOT the chair for you . This is a firm back and lower lumbar support type of chair.What this chair lacks is quality arm rests . They are concave , which is a decent design for those with thinner arms , but if you are a larger person , they can and will become uncomfortable . They are also made of slightly tacky plastic , which does n't breathe and is much less desirable than leather arm rests in my opinion.Aside from the arm rests , this is a really nice office chair that 's built to last . It 's well worth the price , and is comparable enough to more expensive models to make it a solid purchase.Assembly tip
 I 'm in a military unit that recently ordered hundreds of these . I have heard only praise for them . They are firm in a way that promotes good posture , which is important to you if you spend 12 hours a day behind a computer . They lean back , but not so far that you feel like you are going to fall out . It 's not good for your posture to lean back that far anyway.the lumbar support is a huge plus for me , I am a taller guy and it still fits me perfectly . The shorter female that works in my office also enjoys them.The adjustable arm rests complete the perfection , enabling you to make them match the height of your desk , allowing you rest your elbows while working if you want to .
 I 've been using the chair a couple of weeks now and I am definately happy with the purchase . It certainly is n't as comfortable or adjustable as a 1000 $ herman miller chair , but this is less than half the money and it is just as stylish -LRB- i think -RRB- . the seat is comfortable and the mesh back gives good support to my lower back . My only complaint is that the armrests could be a little less cheap feeling and at little more comfortably shaped .
 I bought this for my home office , after sitting in an Aeron at work a few years back . I was looking for something as comfy without the hefty price tag . I settled on this one because of the price and the users reviews at another site -LRB- do n't recall now , I 've had this chair for over 6 months now . -RRB- It has exceeded my expectations , and what a bargain . I think I paid about $ 125 for mine . Not as adjustable as the Aeron , but all those knobs confused me . The only drawback for me is the the seat length . I am only about 5 ' 2 '' and it is a bit deep for me .
 Shopping for office chairs online is a pain , especially when the chair you 're sitting on hurts . So after some research I decided to go for this one . I work from home and I 'm on the computer quite a bit . Are there better chairs out there ? Probably . I spent 17 hours one day with my butt stuck to this one while on the computer and my body did n't complain . Ca n't really ask any better than that .
 I purchased this chair for the circulation desk of our library . So far , we 've had no problems with it . It was easy to assemble and adjust . It is comfortable to sit in for long periods of time , unlike our last chair . We 've all had less back and neck aches since we got this chair . Highly recommended !
 For long term work on a computer desk this fits the bill.It has everything I wanted without being over priced .
 I love everything about this chair . The ease of assembly , the comfort , the lumbar support and the mesh backing . The only downside is that I 'm of reasonable height -LRB- 6 ' 0 '' -RRB- and the lowest height setting leaves my feet perfectly level with the ground so it might not be a great chair for shorter people without a foot rest or something to account for that .
 I am small framed and was looking for a chair that was comfortable for me . The chair will not lower enough for my legs and the chair is a bit deep . I find my self sometimes sitting on the edge of the chair to have my feet flat on the floor . However , it is significantly more comfortable than my husband 's executive chair . I have not suffered from back and leg pain , from sitting in chairs too large for my frame , since using this chair . Therefore , it is fair to say that the chair is a big improvement . I use the chair as a computer task chair and can sit in it for many hours.The chair was easy to put together and seems of reasonable quality .
 I purchased this chair for my wife at her new office . She was complaining of back pain . Since she began using the chair I have heard no more complaints about her back pain . I wish all problems were this easy to remedy !
 You really have to sit far back into the seat to make it comfy . If you do n't , you wo n't get the lumbar support at the right spot . But I guess this makes you sit right
 Love it . Great service , as usual , from Amazon . Tend to spend a long time sitting in front of a computer and this chair has made the back pain go away . The chair is solid and everything works and adjusts as advertised . Relatively easy setup . May have to buy a second one since my wife likes to use it too .
 I 'm sitting in it as I write this review . I needed a footrest in order to use this chair , since it 's a little tall , even though I 'm 5 ' 6 '' . Using a footrest also boosts me up a bit , so that I can push myself back far enough back , in order to take advantage of the great lumbar support . The arm rests are adjustable . I have them at the lower level so that the armrest fits under my desk , since I do n't really use them when I am sitting at my computer . I like putting things together , so I did n't mind that it took me at least an hour to put the chair together . The instructions were easy to follow . I 've had this chair for over a month and expect that it will last for many years . I do think it is well constructed .
 This chair is awesome . It 's sturdy and well built . I really like the adjustable arm rest height.The chair came well packaged in a flat cardboard box with Allen wrench and a cheap open-end wrench for assembly . If you have your own tools and they 're nice , you probably wo n't use the tools that come with the chair , but if you do n't , the tools they send with it will work.Assembly took about 1/2 hour and nothing has come loose in the 4 months we 've used it since .
 Would have liked more lumbar support but I know it 's difficult to find a chair that fits my 5 ft frame . Overall a good chair and very easy to install .
 The mesh is really breathable and responsive but not to the point where h feel like you will just fall through . It have a nice leather cushioned seat and the tilt reclining of this chair is the best part . When I shift my weight the chair goes back and it is HEAVEN . The arm rests are adjustable so when I 'm using the chair I pull them up high and when I 'm not it push them down so they fit under my computer desk . The chair is thin which is great if your workspace is in a tight area .
 Just received one of these . Assembled in 20 minutes . Good quality parts and solid construction . Will work great in my home office .
 Just add me to the chorus of positive reviews for this chair . I 've had mine for a couple of weeks now and only wish I had purchased it sooner . Assembly was not difficult and the chair is very comfortable for long days at the desk . If you truly have a bad back and need some special ergonomic chair this is probably not going to cut it , but the lumbar support is quite good for the average person , and I 'd never , ever go back to my previous chair . Only time will tell how it will hold up but , all in all , it seems like a good value .
 This is a great chair for the price . Easy to assemble and very light . Comfortable to sit in for hours on end , which I do every day
 This chair is not only so simple to put together , but it is comfortable and looks great at any workstation . I love the height adjustments for the arm rests and the seat adjustments as well . I wish it had a tilt adjustment , but the lumbar support , padding , price , and look make up for that . This chair has saved my back , as well as my work time being able to sit at a desk for longer hours and become more efficient with my work . Highly recommend this chair . I am 5 ' 10 '' 175 pounds and there is plenty of room for me . Although , I do notice some slight slipping of the height occasionally , but it is very seldom , usually when I drop quickly in my chair with my weight , which most would probably give a slight slip anyways . This chair saved me !
 I bought this for my home office and am extremely glad with the way it turned out . Having transitioned from an office to working from home i wanted to get something comfortable that i could use for long stretches of time . This is pretty much as good as it gets .
 I am very pleased and impressed with all aspects of this chair . It is comfortable and its ' ease of use and assembly are intuitively obvious -LRB- given succinct and clear assembly instructions and diagrams -RRB- . The chairs component parts are heavy duty and yet the chair does not seem bulky or hard to move around .
 This was EXACTLY what I wanted , and expected . I just wish all purchases turned out this way ! When purchased through Amazon after reading reviews , it usually turns out this way , but does not always work out that way . Definitely a Great buy .
 We had been looking for mid back chair with an air grid back but most did not have the features that we wanted . This chair has a great combo of features at a reasonable price . The leather seating is great and we really like the lumbar support . Adjustments are easy and the assembly went very fast . This is a good value .
 Having Amazon Prime , I had my chair the day after it was ordered . I am a petite , older woman and I had the chair put together in less than 30 minutes . The only problem was getting the seat into the base . This chair is really heavy . Ultimately , I had to put the assembled seat on the floor and tip over the legs . Lifting the seat , it went right into the leg assembly . Lifted the whole thing in an upright position and applied pressure to the seat until there was the click telling me the chair was good to go.I really like that you do not have to put on the arm rests . Make this decision before the chair is fully assembled . Once put together , the lift bar may get in your way if you decide to take them off . The seat is a little hard , but then it is new . It will break in . Another selling point for me were the larger casters . We have an oriental rug over wall to wall carpeting . No gouges in the oriental and moving around is not a problem.There is a gap , at the lower back part of the seat where the lift assembley connects . Use this space to store the allen wrench you get with your chair . You may have to use it later to retighten the screws .
 I am 6 ' 2 , 170 lbs . This chair fits me perfectly . The seat is nice and wide and the chair back has great low-back support . You can adjust the tilt very easily . I prefer mine as stiff as possible , and it certainly is able to keep my posture upright . The set-up was a cinch - maybe 20 , 30 minutes max . All tools and screws are included . Nothing is too complicated about this chair , which probably means less to break . It also makes this a great value . You get a simple chair with great support at a fair price . The seat cushion is very nicely padded so I expect I 'll have this chair for a while .
 So far we have bought two for employees , and are ordering two more . Great chairs , very comfortable . On my chair I opted for no armrests , due to my desk set up , but the other one in use has the armrests . It works either way . : -RRB-
 I did a test order of 3 or 4 for my company and they were great . I put all of them together within an hour with no tools , other than what was provided . We 've had them a month and the staff loves them . We plan on buying dozens more .
 I think it is a very nice quality item , my husbasnd was very pleased . It was appropriate for his size -LRB- 6ft -RRB- and comfortable for his back.He has hip problems and this chair is still comfortable for him.He just wants it to come with a &#34; fridge !
 Every part of the chair is better than I expected at this price range -LRB- $ 130 - $ 150 -RRB- . It rolls smoothly , it 's stable , it 's built from solid material &#34; better-than-cheap-plastic-you 're - familiar-with &#34; . The mesh backing provides good support , and it is comfortable . The material of the arm rests is a little squishy , which is nice , but I just wish it was n't so curved . They 're also very attractive together around a table .
 Purchased for $ 133 end of December 2012 . Units received quickly , all in great shape , all brand new as advertised . The cushions are much better quality than what I was expecting for that price , as goes with the entire construction quality of the chair . It 's solid , supportive , and worth every penny .
 The seat is comfortable enough , and the back support is good/great . The chair 's back also tilts slightly when you lean back . Its wheels seem to be doing decently on carpet . The armrests are not very stable , as others have mentioned . I am not too disappointed with the armrests being as they are , since a few similarly priced chairs w / adjustable arms like this have been wobbly in my experience -LRB- mesh backed Acadia 's at my workplace come to mind -RRB- . Others mentioned the armrests are uncomfortable , but I think they are fine . The chair 's base height is fine for someone 5 ' 10 '' , which makes me think it might be a little high for anyone too much shorter . Overall , this is a good purchase for someone not looking to spend a lot of money for some back support + comfortable seating .
 Length :
 Excellent product , locks securely . I use them for keys . I use them to hang certain items from pegs , where the item has too small a hole for the peg.My cell phone case includes a small ring . I put a Twisty through the ring , and when I slide a finger or two through the Twisty , the phone is easier to handle with one hand , and , it 's far less likely to slip out of my hand.To be honest , I 'd prefer to use split key rings for keys . They 've always been the standard for keys and they come in many different diameters , thicknesses and even different types of metal . But the Twisty rings are perfect for 1001 odd uses . It 's good to have a few in the drawer .
 First , you do need to figure out the proper way to open this keychain . There 's now a video posted on how to open it . After a few tries , you 'll get the opening/closing down.Some notes on this item :1 . Opening and closing this keychain requires a twist , so you ca n't have it too filled with keys . The benefit is that no one 's going to know how to get any keys off your keychain .2 . I 'm using these to attach individual metal USB drives to my normal keychain -LRB- for transport -RRB- , and it 's the most simple , speedy way I 've found to keep my files secure .3 . The connectors are a silver color , and look better than the cheap gold color pictured .4 . Compared to the 71101 , the connectors on this look solid , but on the 71101 the connection method is easily visible . Thus , aesthetically , the 81101 looks better .5 . Summary
 I bought this keyring , along with a blue one from another buyer . Both are Lucky Line key rings , but there is a difference . This one is very secure and it 's not that hard to open . You twist the key ring into a figure 8 to open . However , you need to do the same twist in order to close it and I found that more cumbersome ... would not want to do it on regular basis . Lucky refers to this ring as a Twisty Ring and recommends it for folks with high dexterity and who want a very secure ring . Their other type is Flex-o-Loc , which requires you to bend the key into a heart shape . I found that much easier to open and close , while still not being likely to open on its own . I 'm going to use this red one for keys that are rarely changed out , and the blue one for items that are changed out more frequently -LRB- rewards cards , note cards for studying -RRB- . Be sure you know which type you 're buying . The twisty type -LRB- this one -RRB- has model number beginning with an 8 , the Flex-o-loc begins with a 7 .
 I have looked far and wide for a keyring that had these properties :1 - Strong2 - Convenient closure mechanism3 - DOES NOT OPEN BY ITSELFa lot of screw-in keyrings have reviews complaining that they come apart too easily , and I was n't thrilled with the idea of having to deal with loose keys , so I was drawn to something with a different locking mechanism.Many complaints about this item are about how the closure mechanism is difficult , but with a little dexterity , you shuld be able to open and close this with no issue . As the video review states , the trick when closing the loop is to connect the ends first , then twist it into a figure 8 . Great design , and very strong .
 I remember these key rings from my childhood and I 'm glad I found out they still make them . These are about as simple and light as a keyring can get . A half twist opens it up so you can add or remove keys yet the cable is rigid enough that it 's highly unlikely it will come open on its own . Some have complained that you ca n't fit a lot of keys on this version and still be able to open and close it . I can see how that can happen . You have to have enough space to twist it so if it 's more than 1/2 full you 'll have a hard time . If you do n't need to fill it up with keys I 'd say this version might be better . I have n't tried the version that screws closed but my guess is that it 's more likely to accidentally losen and come open .
 I 've been using this type of twist key ring for many years . They are a bit harder to open than the ` ball knob and socket ' style , but this design makes them much more secure . These will NEVER open without someone conscientiously opening them . That 's not always the case with the ball knob style . Geroy 's delivered them per the earliest estimated arrival so all was good there .
 I have used Twisty Key Rings for at least 30 years . I find them indispensable when it is necessary to add , delete , or otherwise manage items on my various key rings .
 Not sure what all the bad reviews are about . It 's bigger than a regular keyring and easier to use . The latch mechanism works well . That 's all I needed from it .
 Awesome , minimalist keychain-thing . You wo n't know the color you get until it arrives , but that 's okay . It 's still really cool . I appreciate how sturdy it is and relatively flexible . I wish they came in smaller loops , though . Maybe I just did n't look hard enough . I would definitely buy this product again .
 This is about the only place where you can still find one of these keyrings of this quality .
 I love these ! I use them as key rings and I have many of them so that I can release different keys and have my car key on a different ring . They are very useful .
 This keyring is the best I 've owned.I had the 71101 first . After I 'd had it two years , it kept opening and spilling my keys . I `` reordered '' it and accidentally ordered this one.Wonderful mistake . This keychain is better than the 71101 . At first , I 'll admit I did n't know how to open it . I figured it out , and although it takes a twist to do it I love it.Just twist it until it comes apart . Kind of like twisting a key in a keyhole -- it will only come out at one orientation.It has two advantages over the 71101 : * It is much more secure . If you give the 71101 a bump in the right way , it can come loose . This one has NEVER come apart , except when I want to . * It is completely smooth -LRB- minor , I admit -RRB- . The other one had a small hole in it , and my fingers would catch on it .
 Do n't throw away the package without looking at the instructions on the back first . Basically , you must twist the ring into a figure 8 shape to open it.I doubt this key ring will ever open by accident , considering the torque required to twist it into the right shape to open and close it . The photo on the Amazon page is just about twice actual size . It is about the size of a bread twist tie.It definitely would be difficult to place more than two or three keys on this thing and still be able to twist it the right way to close it without flinging keys all over the place.But for two keys , this thing is ideal . I like to keep my car key and office key separate from my house keys , and I like them in my pants pocket instead of my coat pocket . I can run out to the car without grabbing my coat , or if I get locked out of my office and my coat was left in my office , I have my keys on me.So with two keys , this ring rests in my front pants pocket without chafing or bulging . It 's chief advantage is there is nothing to get snagged in your pocket . This key rings works just fine for those kinds of requirements .
 The key ring itself is great , seems durable and dependable . It will not simple open on you , allowing you to lose your items.I purchased this to replace my keyring . However , the locking mechanism is a little too big for my keys , a Camry and scooter key . In order to allow them to fit I would need to enlarge the hole on both keys . Does n't seem worth the hassle .
 I got this to replace an older steel chain based keychain which whose steel fibers were worn and starting to pop out like little needles . I have had this one for only a short time , but so far I am very happy with it . These types of keychains are great because one loop can hold quite a few keys . Because it is flexible , it takes very little space in your pocket , definitely less than more rigid rings carrying the same number of keys.I took away one star because I ordered red -LRB- from the picture on the site -RRB- but got green instead . Also , opening and closing is a bit tricky , especially when you have a large number of keys . Still , these are minor gripes . I recommend this keychain .
 I was a little put off by people saying this was hard to open and close but bought it anyway . I 'm glad I did , I do n't have any real problem opening and closing it . I do have strong hands so that may play a part , but seems pretty easy to me .
 I really like the locking feature . Took me a few minutes to figure it out but yes , great idea , and feels solid . The only problems I had is 1
 I have used these key rings for over 30 yrs , and I have never had a problem with them . they are a great product
 I found this to be a good product at a reasonable price and it shipped on time , Job well done .
 Okay , so maybe my 5 year old ca n't operate it , but anyone else should be able to do this.I was looking for something :1 -RRB- as reliable as a traditional key ring . I do n't want something that will open accidentally , so this mechanism is great .2 -RRB- more convenient than a traditional key ring . If you get more than a few keys -LRB- especially the automotive keyfobs -RRB- on a regular key ring they tend to fan out . That is much less pronounced with this product .
 I have had keys somehow unravel and just fall off keychains in the past , but I like that this keychain is sleek enough to place the actual key on it , without the need for one of those assessors loops ! I am very pleased with the design and durability and would give the product 5 stars , however it is a little difficult to open and close !
 This is the key ring that only comes apart when you want to , and not when you do n't . Simply twist it into a figure 8 to unlock . I do n't know how so many people seem to have trouble with it , but I have 4 keys on it , 5 other small keychain items , and I have no problems fitting it all on the keyring . Been using it for about a month and it has n't come apart in my pocket yet .
 I have several of these , as well as the other model -LRB- 71101 -RRB- . I will seek these out over the other.The keychain is difficult to open and close , but that means that it is very unlikely to open accidently.Added bonus , you can make the keychain ` permanent ' by pinching the barrel with some diagonal cutters .
 My friend is a Gators Fan and has everything you can think of relating to the Florida Gators . EXCEPT this neat game of checkers ! He was shocked that I even FOUND such a thing ! He loves it and has placed the set on his cocktail table . The set is well made . Looks EXACTLY as shown on website . It made a great gift and one very happy Gator fan delighted with his gift . THANK YOU !!!
 I have ordered from this vendor previously and received excellent service as always . The art work is beautiful and fantastic .
 I have a small business and a professional office . For years I have stored every tax year 's documents in these Oxford boxes . When I need a return or info I can easily go to the right place fast .
 Great item , would buy another from them . Works well with the pen . I would recommend buying from this company . Check it out .
 This unit is much brighter than another green laser I used to own -LRB- which dimmed after switching on -RRB- . The beam output is constantly bright , and I can see the beam in a semi-darkened room , in fact , I can see the beam under my desk in a well lit office . With a magnifying glass I can actually burn small holes in black dustbin liner -LRB- do n't try this at home ! -RRB- . It 's well made , feels nice and comes in a smart foam lined steel case . This is definitely the best laser pointer I 've ever had . Highly recommended .
 Reading these reviews gave me a little pause , but I purchased this laser anyway . It was well packaged , although the case appears to be cardboard , not metal as one reviewer described.The light is extremely bright , as described , and well-collimated . The button is crisp and reliable , and the case does not heat up . I use it continuously for about 5 minutes every night -LRB- our poodles love to chase the laser dot across the floor and it still continues to function perfectly after a month , on the same original set of batteries.The company is great to deal with -LRB- they sent a replacement for one stolen from our mailbox at half price -RRB- .
 This is a great laser pointer and the brighter wavelength of the green laser makes a huge difference . But to see the beam -LRB- not just the dot at the end of the beam -RRB- you need some sort of particles in the air for the light to bounce off of . Using the laser pointer with a little dust or mist in the air will make the beam clearly stand out . And if you are wondering , no matter how bright your laser is , without particles in the air you wont see the beam . At concerts where they use the big argon lasers , they always have fog machines near them to give give the laser something to bounce its light off of .
 My kids each got one of these . They are very bright and you can even see the beam when it 's dark outside or in a dimly lit room.They do use up AAA batteries fairly quickly so I got some rechargeable batteries to use with them.The pocket clip came off one of the two that we have but that did n't stop the laser from functioning .
 I love this laser ! When I first tried it out , I was amazed at how much distance it could get . At night , this laser 's beam is incredibly visible . Very bright , too . Recommended for everyone -LRB- watch out for the eyes -RRB- !
 My nephew saw this in a Think Geek catalog a couple years ago . It was a bit too pricey then . Since the price has come down , I took a chance that he 's still want it . He loved it ! He had so much fun playing with this at Christmas . His did n't overheat as some other reviews suggested . Perhaps we lucked out with his . But his works great !
 Excellent piece of equipment . Ease of use is fine and hopefully no issues with the battery like I 've read in other reviews . The casing was n't the matel case shown but the hard cardboard type . That would be my only quibble , but as an instrucotr it greatly helps in class .
 When the battery if fully charged , this is the most powerful laser pointer I 've ever seen ! You can see the actual laser beam as it cuts through a dimly lit room . It 's cool for getting kittens to chase the light from blocks away . Seriously though , the biggest and often embarrasing problem with this pointer is the need to frequently change the batteries . It eats through them . If you go a couple days or so , especially if you have it in your pocket or another tight space where it may inadvertently be activated , it begins to work intermittently . It becomes unreliable , but changing the battery does not come to your mind as it still works occasionally . It 's green color can also be effective where a presenter and a commentator can have seperate colored lasers . Overall , if you present frequently , and replace the batteries at least weekly , it will add a bold impact to your presentation .
 I bought this for my wife who gives a lot of PowerPoint presentations but I find myself playing with it at home . It drives the dog nuts and it 's actually bright enough to point at stars in the night sky . Incredible ...
 Forget all the rest and buy this Green Laser Pointer ! I teach school and this was indispenceable ! I am in my third year of use with this pointer and it keeps on keeping on . I really like the fact that I personally think this pointer does not eat batteries like the one I previously had which also was NOT dependable . Purchase knowing you are getting a well made instrument .
 First I will start with the shipping , It shipped 3 days before expected which is Great ! So far i am very surprised with what i got . It comes in a neat case with batteries . The laser is very powerful and in the dark you can see the beam which is really cool in my opinion , even though it 's not as cool looking as in the pictures its better than just a little dot . I have n't used it outside yet but im sure it would be great . I recommend this for people who are amazed by laser pointers like myself .
 All of you who said the laser did n't come in the aluminum case and said this laser sucks lmao it does n't this laser has a very nice beam especially in the dark also u can feel a bit of heat on ur hand . Its very bright I loved it . So if your looking for a good laser to buy buy this one great laser overall .
 My kids love this thing . It 's really cool to play with it when it 's snowing . I can see the dot over 1 mile away on the co-op elevator tower . Eats up batteries fast though . lol
 I gave one to my son who is a math teacher and he has n't put it down since Christmas . The green laser is visible when pointed at something half a mile away and it 's cool to see the beam all the way if there 's anything in the air for the light to bounce off .
 This is a basic holder made out of plastic . It includes , however , a nice clear pouch with a zippered closure .
 This is exactly what I was looking for , nice buy.Purchased two so when the first one wears out I have a back up .
 The checkbook holder was the right size for what I needed . I do n't carry checks but needed something to put my registry in and to hold receipts and small items like paperclips , stamps , change , id , and credit cards . And you can just carry the holder for quick trips instead of a purse . It was a little pricey but worth it for my needs .
 I received this item VERY quickly and am very pleased with it . The product is simple and basic and perfect for my needs . The price is right , too .
 This is a really solid -LRB- and heavy ! -RRB- file cabinet . Easy access design , smooth drawer function , but it is pricey .
 This file cabinet is everything I 'd hoped for
 I purchased this 36 '' unit for my home office . Drawers glide smoothly and the variety of hanging file rail placement makes it truly customizable.It 's heavy -LRB- 169 pounds , according to the shipping manifest -RRB- , so if you 're going to move it upstairs , you 'll need help . It 's also a bit unwieldy . I moved it by myself with no problem -LRB- no stairs -RRB- , using a two-wheeled dolly.Unit was packed with styrofoam top and bottom , with heavy-duty cardboard then on top and bottom , as well as corners and the middle of the long sides . Whole unit then wrapped in clear plastic to prevent anything from shifting.My only niggling concern is that the top drawer slightly touches the frame when I close it , making a slight scraping sound . It will likely wear away the paint before long , but it 's not enough to bother with .
 I needed more storage for my tax office . This file cabinet came pre-assembled , of course , but it also has a lock that locks both drawers which is what I need for confidential tax information . It is very sturdy . It even came with the hanging file folder brackets so I did not have to pay extra for those .
 It is a high quality unit . Heavy -LRB- stealing it would be a problem if it were locked and even slightly full -RRB- . Also - it was less expensive than any of the same quality listed elsewhere .
 This Hon lateral file is sturdy and comes with safety feature which prevents opening multiple drawers at once , thus preventing it from tipping over . You can adjust the height of the foot pads if necessary , and it comes with built-in hanging file folder frame , two keys for a lock and easy to install clip to the handle drawer labels .
 Great product as advertised -- drawers come with easily adjustable file hangers to set to letter/legal . Also comes with keys . Well packaged . Shipped in ONE day despite estimated delivery being more than a week . I have used this company before in a different location with the same shipping result ... so make sure you have a spot to put these when you order them !
 The locking metal lateral file cabinet arrived safely , although it came several days after I was told to expect it . It was about one week late .
 Hon are the best and that why I purchased this one . Already had a 2 drawer and this will compliment it . No problems what so ever with the cabinet.The shipping company called me a stated they could only deliver on Monday to my area . I am never home of Mondays so that was out . Took me a few days to get a pick waiver from the seller and a couple of more weeks to find time to drive to there distribution center to pick it up . Cross country was the company and it took about 15 minutes for the whole process and the guy was helpful and friendly when loading it . Bottom line though is I should not have to take 1.5 hurs out of my day to go pick it up . if I would have known that I would have just purchased it local .
 We appreciated the delivery of the lateral file cabinet to my dental office . However , the delivery guy complained continuously about how they did n't get paid very much . He also complained when we asked him to help unload the file cabinet to check for damage . Amazon is great , but the subcontractors and vendors can better represent your service .
 This is a really solid -LRB- and heavy ! -RRB- file cabinet . Easy access design , smooth drawer function , but it is pricey .
 This file cabinet is everything I 'd hoped for
 I purchased this 36 '' unit for my home office . Drawers glide smoothly and the variety of hanging file rail placement makes it truly customizable.It 's heavy -LRB- 169 pounds , according to the shipping manifest -RRB- , so if you 're going to move it upstairs , you 'll need help . It 's also a bit unwieldy . I moved it by myself with no problem -LRB- no stairs -RRB- , using a two-wheeled dolly.Unit was packed with styrofoam top and bottom , with heavy-duty cardboard then on top and bottom , as well as corners and the middle of the long sides . Whole unit then wrapped in clear plastic to prevent anything from shifting.My only niggling concern is that the top drawer slightly touches the frame when I close it , making a slight scraping sound . It will likely wear away the paint before long , but it 's not enough to bother with .
 I needed more storage for my tax office . This file cabinet came pre-assembled , of course , but it also has a lock that locks both drawers which is what I need for confidential tax information . It is very sturdy . It even came with the hanging file folder brackets so I did not have to pay extra for those .
 It is a high quality unit . Heavy -LRB- stealing it would be a problem if it were locked and even slightly full -RRB- . Also - it was less expensive than any of the same quality listed elsewhere .
 This Hon lateral file is sturdy and comes with safety feature which prevents opening multiple drawers at once , thus preventing it from tipping over . You can adjust the height of the foot pads if necessary , and it comes with built-in hanging file folder frame , two keys for a lock and easy to install clip to the handle drawer labels .
 Great product as advertised -- drawers come with easily adjustable file hangers to set to letter/legal . Also comes with keys . Well packaged . Shipped in ONE day despite estimated delivery being more than a week . I have used this company before in a different location with the same shipping result ... so make sure you have a spot to put these when you order them !
 The locking metal lateral file cabinet arrived safely , although it came several days after I was told to expect it . It was about one week late .
 Hon are the best and that why I purchased this one . Already had a 2 drawer and this will compliment it . No problems what so ever with the cabinet.The shipping company called me a stated they could only deliver on Monday to my area . I am never home of Mondays so that was out . Took me a few days to get a pick waiver from the seller and a couple of more weeks to find time to drive to there distribution center to pick it up . Cross country was the company and it took about 15 minutes for the whole process and the guy was helpful and friendly when loading it . Bottom line though is I should not have to take 1.5 hurs out of my day to go pick it up . if I would have known that I would have just purchased it local .
 We appreciated the delivery of the lateral file cabinet to my dental office . However , the delivery guy complained continuously about how they did n't get paid very much . He also complained when we asked him to help unload the file cabinet to check for damage . Amazon is great , but the subcontractors and vendors can better represent your service .
 I had to replace this poster because I had bought it five years ago , and it was damaged over summer vacation . I was thrilled to find it again . It is a great message to students to take their time and do their work well .
 The poster is sturdy and good quality . I own a landscape company and have it as the last thing you see before you leave my shop .
 This is a really solid -LRB- and heavy ! -RRB- file cabinet . Easy access design , smooth drawer function , but it is pricey .
 This file cabinet is everything I 'd hoped for
 I purchased this 36 '' unit for my home office . Drawers glide smoothly and the variety of hanging file rail placement makes it truly customizable.It 's heavy -LRB- 169 pounds , according to the shipping manifest -RRB- , so if you 're going to move it upstairs , you 'll need help . It 's also a bit unwieldy . I moved it by myself with no problem -LRB- no stairs -RRB- , using a two-wheeled dolly.Unit was packed with styrofoam top and bottom , with heavy-duty cardboard then on top and bottom , as well as corners and the middle of the long sides . Whole unit then wrapped in clear plastic to prevent anything from shifting.My only niggling concern is that the top drawer slightly touches the frame when I close it , making a slight scraping sound . It will likely wear away the paint before long , but it 's not enough to bother with .
 I needed more storage for my tax office . This file cabinet came pre-assembled , of course , but it also has a lock that locks both drawers which is what I need for confidential tax information . It is very sturdy . It even came with the hanging file folder brackets so I did not have to pay extra for those .
 It is a high quality unit . Heavy -LRB- stealing it would be a problem if it were locked and even slightly full -RRB- . Also - it was less expensive than any of the same quality listed elsewhere .
 This Hon lateral file is sturdy and comes with safety feature which prevents opening multiple drawers at once , thus preventing it from tipping over . You can adjust the height of the foot pads if necessary , and it comes with built-in hanging file folder frame , two keys for a lock and easy to install clip to the handle drawer labels .
 Great product as advertised -- drawers come with easily adjustable file hangers to set to letter/legal . Also comes with keys . Well packaged . Shipped in ONE day despite estimated delivery being more than a week . I have used this company before in a different location with the same shipping result ... so make sure you have a spot to put these when you order them !
 The locking metal lateral file cabinet arrived safely , although it came several days after I was told to expect it . It was about one week late .
 Hon are the best and that why I purchased this one . Already had a 2 drawer and this will compliment it . No problems what so ever with the cabinet.The shipping company called me a stated they could only deliver on Monday to my area . I am never home of Mondays so that was out . Took me a few days to get a pick waiver from the seller and a couple of more weeks to find time to drive to there distribution center to pick it up . Cross country was the company and it took about 15 minutes for the whole process and the guy was helpful and friendly when loading it . Bottom line though is I should not have to take 1.5 hurs out of my day to go pick it up . if I would have known that I would have just purchased it local .
 We appreciated the delivery of the lateral file cabinet to my dental office . However , the delivery guy complained continuously about how they did n't get paid very much . He also complained when we asked him to help unload the file cabinet to check for damage . Amazon is great , but the subcontractors and vendors can better represent your service .
 This product is very good . They are durable and are great to use in a classroom library . I am very happy with this purchase .
 This is a great pocket chart ! It is large and very appealing . I have several number cards and they all fit in the spacious pouches . I would recommend this to every teacher ! My students love doing calendar !!!
 I 've had these markers for a while now , and they are great . They are still going strong . The tips dont split like other cheaper ones . The colors are nice and deep . Great for the price !
 These dry erase markers work exactly as advertised . However , the packaging is so old school . It is tough getting the product out of the package . Get some scissors ... do n't bother with the perforations in the cardboard back .
 I 've been using Foray rollerball pens for years without problem or complaint . I am the envy of all my co-workers -- these pens have consistently produced a clean , smooth , clear line of dark ink that does not smudge or smear -LRB- though in this sense they are not quite as good as a Sharpie , but the Sharpie does not `` roll '' and does not lay down ink as fast as the Foray -RRB- . The previous Amazon review from someone who claimed that a quarter of the pens did n't even work must have bought all his pens from a bad batch somehow -- I have never had any such problem , and would buy these again without hesitation .
 hope they never stop making this pen . It is cheap , writes like no other pen and has not been matched by any other pen .
 We needed a CORDED phone because the kids keep leaving the cordless in the basement or under piles of clothes somewhere . This phone has an excellent design , takes only three AA batteries -LRB- unlike other models requiring 4 -RRB- , has an easy to use interface with caller ID , memory , search , changeable level of contrast and clear instructions right on the phone . The ring is nice too !
 I have to disagree with the previous reviewer . I found KX-TC1980B a terrifically well-designed phone , with great features and impressive performance . Each line has its own settings , from ring style and number of rings before answer to outgoing message . All features are available from either handset or basestation , and the display on the handset allows for menu-driven programming for most functions . The handset is well balanced , and cradles nicely against the shoulder.As with other good DSS phones , the range is great . We get about 100 yards . There 's a slight hiss , common to DSS , and sometimes a click once or twice in a conversation , again often found in DSS . The usual DSS echo is not apparant , however.The only slight wish I 've got is that the phone could be a bit louder in amplifying my own outgoing voice and the incoming caller 's . But otherwise we 're delighted with it ...
 We have owned several cordless phones over the years and the single feature that matters the most -LRB- to us , at least -RRB- is sound quality . This Panasonic model delivers excellent sound quality from anywhere in our home -- basement to upper floor . There is a disappointing pause or click when the phone changes channels -LRB- or possibly does something related to DSS -RRB- but the clarity makes up for this annoyance . The answering machine is easy to set up and the directions are clear . Since we are not savvy in technical matters , this was a relief . One drawback ... is the location of the caller ID buttons on the back of the handset ; you have to learn to adjust your grip on the phone . But overall , we are very pleased with our purchase and feel that for the money , the phone delivers excellent value .
 This is a great phone . It has wonderful receptions with 25 different channels . Can work very nicely when the handset is far from the base unit . You have so many options with it . On the answering machine , you can choose the number of rings , what line you want the message on and you can make a different message for each line . You can also buy a headphone set where you can plug it in the the handset and put the phone on your belt with the belt clip and talk totally hands free . With the caller ID/call waiting on the back of the phone , you can know who is calling even when the handset is on the base .
 This phone is great and I disagree with the person who says this phone is bad . It has great sound quality and can still work nicely far from the base unit . You have so many options with the digital answering machine . You can make two different messages , one for each line . You can choose the number of rings and can record upto 15 minutes of messages . The caller id/call waiting is great because when you are resting the phone on the base , you can see who is calling . The belt clip is very handy when you are walking around and need both hands . You can even connect a headset to the phone for totally hands free use .
 within postcard postage size . good writing area on backgreat value , good service , support teachers!postcards are a good alternative to send birthday greetings with postage going so high .
 These birthday postcards arrived in excellent condition as advertised and arrived before the given date .
 I have had five of these units over the last 20 years . They are interconnectible with each other through the side wire port so that a backup can be made to another of the same type . There is also a CD that was available to allow you to connect to a PC with the PDA to update the data onto or out of the PC . This was the ORIGINAL PDA before Palm Pilot and cell phones Folks ! This was an expensive item over $ 100.00 when it first was sold on the market . I have one of the fanciest SmartPhones there is available and yet I have not given up on my Sharp PDA.Contains databases for 3 sets of Phone # files ; Memo pad ; Anniversary reminder with alarm ; alarm clock with unlimited times and days of alarms that can be set for years in advance ! ; World Clock for timezones everywhere ; TO DO list that is very versatile with Priority set up ; Scheduler to keep you organized ! ; an Expense account recorder ; calculator and a conversion machine for money , temps , speed , measurements of all kinds , ; and a calendar with alarms goes out to the year 2059 ! Has a secret code lock for security if you want . Even a search feature when you can not remember all of the name or event you are looking for in each category above.Keypad is large an QWERTY easy to type . This machine was the top of the line when everyone was still using 51/4 inch floppies on the OLD 8088 speed computers with no hard drives ! Still better than most things available due to common sense simplicity of use . Hope you can find one similar . Some models do not connect . This Sharp YO-170 does . Separate cable for the pc connect . Another cable for 170 to 170 connect . Rubber port guard on the left side machine . Still extremely effective for the busy executive in the 21st century ... can not feel it in your pocket nor does it show in your dress slacks .
 I really love this Science Lab . I bought it for my daughter , and she is absolutely loving it ! It also came very quickly , with no damage .
 The best one is making the volcanoe , but make sure you read all of the directions . Have fun , it 's an awesome kit and will help your kid understand if they have bad grades in Science . Hey maybe even the parent will enjoy it .
 Got these as stocking stuffers as my husband uses them to mark his golf balls . However , once we had them we found hundreds of uses , perfect for crafts too , and I like the smaller size .
 This is a great phone on a great system . Clear , noise free and perfect reception from start of conversation to finish .
 This handset is comfortable to use and easy to link to the base station -LRB- though the code I had to enter fooled me for a minute , since it was supposed to be a numeric code , yet a pound sign -LRB- # -RRB- appeared in it -RRB- . I like the feature of being able to name the stations so that it 's easy to page one from another , knowing exactly where it 's supposed to be .
 This is a great product ! I just purchased a second expansion handset for the cordless phone station I installed last year . I have gotten rid of the other phones , because this system has terrific range and very long life on the battery charge . I am delighted with the equipment , and I recommend this to everyone !
 We have used this product for 2 years in our business and have not had any problems or complaints with it .
 This phone is ideal for your home or office . It is a 2 line phone that has cordless extension phones -LRB- this is the extention -RRB- . Fantastic battery life !!!
 System works fine and the ability to expand to more satellite units is a big plus
 needed tool this has been a great help to our organization . We will look for this product in the future if needed
 Set up was a snap , fit right in with the base and existing cordless system . I stuck with this exact item as opposed to the newer version available in office supply stores , and amazon , at a lower price . I was not certain of the compatibility of the newer handsets with additional features for the new model of the AT$ T spread-spectrum 2-line phone systems .
 We are extremely happy with this handset . The connection is clear and has all the functions we need for our two-line home . Our house was built with very few phone jacks and with this handset -LRB- and the base phone -RRB- we have been able to add extensions wherever we have an electrical outlet . With only one phone jack per floor , this has been quite convenient .
 I like the phone but you have to press the buttons very hard to make sure it dialed that number . I have to constantly re-enter phone numbers but other than that its a nice phone .
 We have 3 of these handsets in our house , and on different floors . Would be lost without them . Quality product and worth every penny !
 An AT&T ; 2 line base unit with answering machine and multiple handsets . I had one handset upstairs and needed another . This is it . Works as advertised , has caller ID display , sound quality is good and battery life reasonable.Best of all , they are still available !
 Fairly simple 2 line handset . Instructions for programming it to the base phone were simple and accoplished in no time . It works well 80-100ft from the base station . Mercifully few buttons - it is after all only a phone . Only deficiency is a lack of backlighting for the keys . I receive a fair number of calls in the wee hours of the night , and can not see the keys to press line 1 or 2 .
 i like these pencils because i can lose them and afford new ones , but they 're also comfortable and not too flimsy . the only problem i have occurs very rarely , and it is that sometimes when i push the top down to get more lead it just breaks the lead inside and nothing comes out . then i have a whole bunch of small pieces of lead . the trick is to not push too hard on the eraser if you feel resistance . just got ta shake it .
 Moleskine makes great , sturdy , compact notebooks . It has a convenient pocket in the back for sticking scraps of paper , a photo , whatever.I have a small ruled Moleskine I 've used for years as a general purpose notebook . It 's taken quite a beating , but still looks to last until it 's full.Since I purchased that first book at the Smithsonian in 2002 , I 've purchased , used and abused several different styles of Moleskines . Each exhibits the same high level of quality , from the sturdy cover , strong , durable elastic ` clasp ' , and tough , heavy paper .
 Moleskin products are the best ! It is so refreshing in a world of quantity versus quality that there are still those who make quality items such as this .
 This is the nicest address book I have ever seen . It is sleek , yet there are ample number of pages . The black leather is smart and clean . At the rear of the book there is an unobtrusive pocket for papers or photos . And it has a black elastic band , approximately 1/4 '' wide , secured in two places to the back of the book , that can easily be fit around the right edge of the book to keep it from flopping open when handled.I must say I am very impressed . Truly a quality product !
 I liked the product 's simple and sleek design . It 's just big enough and exactly what I wanted.My heart is overjoyed.Now I can organize my 4 addresses alphabetically.Thank you .
 Always a great choice . Moleskine gives the ultimate in flexiblity and quality . A great gift .
 I bought this for my husband as a gift . He was very impressed -- and he is difficult to impress . He 's so taken by its appearance that he 's afraid to use it for fear of scratching it ! The product arrived promptly and in beautiful packaging .
 The design is remarkable with no flaws . It carries a decent amount of business cards . It snaps and opens with ease . I also own a Tiffanys Sterling Silver business card holder and I can easily compare the two besides the $ 200 difference . This holder is definetely an eye catcher !
 Thankfully , Moleskine has returned to the 2004 and earlier format in the weekly pages . The vertical columns , apparently a short-lived experiment for 2005 , are gone , and replaced by the signifcantly better horizontal spaces for each day.Moleskine makes great products . The planner is well-constructed and will survive a year of heavy use with ease . The small size makes it ideal for a purse or briefcase . The hardcover adds protection and the pockets add functionality . The are perfect for slipping in a phone number or business card to keep handy . It is a classy , simple way to keep track of dates and appointments.My only wish is that the text could be slightly darkened on the pages to stand out more.I have been a longtime user of the Moleskine notebook and will continue to be one for years to come .
 I normally used the Moleskine graph paper edition -LRB- yellow wrapper -RRB- . A week ago , I picked up the Moleskine 2007 Daily as it was dirt cheap . After using is for a couple of days , I noted that the planner solves one of the main problems I 've had with my regular Moleskine -- the lack of page numbers . If I am working on 20 different projects , it is fairly impossible to locate any project sketches . However , now I can just use the dates as my numbering , and then log my projects in the annual view -- which I used as my TOC.I just ordered five of these , as it does n't matter what year it is , all the date is serving is some kind of marker for me to find my notes and sketches.Highly recommended ` hacked ' purchase : -RRB-
 I just received the 2007 version , and could not be happier . Like other Moleskine products , this weekly planner is of excellent quality.The layout is very simple , and the size is perfect for a purse . Each day in the week is allocated about 7 lines , with three days on one page , and four on the other -LRB- Sat and Sun share their space -RRB- I have owned notebooks of the same size -LRB- with similar leather cover -RRB- , which I used daily , and have never experienced any problems with binding.Overall , this is an excellent planner !
 I had kept my appointments in Outlook and then Google calendar for a while . However , I got to the point where I was needing to check my calendar while I was out , so on a recommendation from a friend I got the Moleskine calendar . It has proved even more useful than I thought . After I forgot to return a library book on time for about the third time , a friend who had heard me gush about my calendar suggested that I simply write the due date inside . I 've come to the point where I am keeping track of my life in this book , and it is a life saver.Many other calendars are bulky . I love the slim line and clean design of the Moleskine . It is top quality , but not pretentious . I could not recommend it more .
 it 's small enough to carry around yet big enough for me to fit my daily plans .
 I lost my 1st weekly on a road trip and panic set in when I could not find another . Amazon to the rescue !!
 Moleskine diaries are great - I 've bought one each year for about 4 years now . This one was delivered quickly and cheaply - good deal all round .
 Moleskine makes great , sturdy , compact notebooks . It has a convenient pocket in the back for sticking scraps of paper , a photo , whatever.I have a small ruled Moleskine I 've used for years as a general purpose notebook . It 's taken quite a beating , but still looks to last until it 's full.Since I purchased that first book at the Smithsonian in 2002 , I 've purchased , used and abused several different styles of Moleskines . Each exhibits the same high level of quality , from the sturdy cover , strong , durable elastic ` clasp ' , and tough , heavy paper .
 If you did n't like the new layout in the 2005 edition , you 'll be happy to know that the 2006 edition has gone back to the old layout -LRB- 2004 and earlier -RRB- . I did n't mind it myself . Mainly , I like the size of the whole thing - it 's an inch shorter than other pocket calendars , so it actually fits in my pocket without sticking out too much .
 I have been looking for an weekly planner forever !!!! and yes this is a little more expensive than your normal office planner but when you think that you will be using it every day for the whole year , its very worth it ! I love the rubber band that keeps all my bits of paper together . The letters on the papers are very light which gives one the sense of having blank pages on which to write on . Its perfect size to take around and very `` low-key '' . It is very personal and yet practical.I am just thankful that i do n't have to search for a new planner every year as i have already found this one .
 I carry my Moleskine planner in my purse with me every day . I write down everything , otherwise I forget , so having my personal analog assistant handy is pretty important . The cover is simple and classy and the paper is high quality . A friend gave me the 2006 daily diary for my birthday last year , and as we near 2007 , I 'm eager to pass the gift of Moleskine on .
 I have been writting in a journal for over 40 years . I am not Hemingway or Chatwin but my journalling is important to me . Moleskine provides a perfact tool for journalling , note taking , doddleing and even keepsake holding . The small ones are best , you can put them in your pocket and take them any where , they can stand up to alot of travelling abuse . It 's not difficult having a good idea it 's just difficult remembering it . Moleskines are friends who remind you .
 Very convenient , durable enough for daily use , small enough for jacket pocket . I used the larger one last year ; this is better . Lots of white space to write -- none of those goofy unusable categories littering the page like some dayminders have . Lacks the pretension of the electronic organizers
 I love this book ! It 's perfect for keeping track of everything I have to do . As a college student , I need to keep on top of due dates and classes , and this little book is perfect . Just enough room for a day ! Definitely getting another one next year .
 I am new to Moleskine products , but they are beginning to be my preferred journaling notebooks . I will definately be ordering more for next year !
 These diary notebooks are fab . Perfect size for your handbag -LRB- A5 -RRB- whilst allowing enough space per page to record your day 's events . The leather cover , paper quality , design and font are sophisticated and it comes with a book mark . There are a number of useful features , such as International Holidays , conversion tables , a year-in-view , time zones , distances between major cities and a ruler . Plus an address book and an envelope for any paper inserts you may accumulate - all held together with a useful black band . They were made popular by a British travel writer back in the 1880s , as he recorded his trials and tribulations . Thoroughly recommended - and they match with so many other items , e.g. little black address book , little black notebook .
 There is nothing like a product that is worth every penny you paid for it , and this certainly fits that description.The size is perfect in that you can put in a purse . The space is enough to put in everything you need . I am a student so this is a premium for me.Beware however , once you start using this you will probably think that you ca n't use anything else in the future so be prepared to be seeing little black bound notebooks from every year on .
 Portable , just enough space , keeps me organized , intrigues those that see it -- glad I found it !
 This is really my first day planner since high school . I had a PDA for a while way back when , but I never really had much trouble keeping up with daily tasks until recently . So even though I am a huge nerd and thought about getting a new PDA I thought I would give one of these a try . I refer to it as my `` Personal Analog Assistant '' due to comments made in an episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force.The paper is really nice , the size is great and it feels good in your hands . There is a series of reference info in the front -LRB- like conversions , time zones , etc. -RRB- and a removable address book in the back . There is even a small pocket that I have used to keep receipts and checks until I get them home.If you are on the fence about wheter to get one like this or just a cheap one I would suggest spending the little bit of extra money . This is compact , conveniant , flexible , stylish and sturdy . I think it 's worth the extra few bucks .
 I 've been using the Moleskine pocket diary for the past few years and just love it . The leather cover feels wonderful and makes me want to take it everywhere I go , and although its geared to a world traveler , I find it easy to adapt to whatever I have going on . For example , the travel planning pages this year have become my home remodel planning pages . Every day I jot a few notes - todo lists , other reminders - and it becomes a nice memory book to keep . It also has a pocket inthe back cover for storing odds and ends , a bookmark ribbon , and an elastic band to keep the book shut .
 I bought my first Moleskine a few months ago and love it . I take it everywhere , jotting down notes , making to-do lists , writing thoughts and shopping lists , etc. . The reinforced cardboard pocket in the back is useful for storing small pieces of useful papers you collect during the day -LRB- stamps , receipts , coupons , business cards , etc -RRB- . The edges of the notebook are rounded , giving it a nice look and making it easy to slip in and out of -LRB- larger -RRB- pockets . An interesting thing to do is to take a look back at entries written weeks or months in the past . The quality of the paper is above average and the cover is sturdy and holds up well despite daily use .
 This journal makes writing fun . The book specs are just the right size and the quality of paper lets your pen and thoughts glide across the page . It also has a rich look and feel to it . Buy one for yourself and one as a gift . It will be enjoyed and appreciated .
 I can not be happier with my calendar . I love the quality of the paper , and for the first time I 've actually kept up with my dayplanning ! Each day is given a whole page , and there 's a nice little matching address book in the back pocket of the book . The quality of the paper is terrific , and the book fits together well and looks like a diary rather than a day planner . I love Moleskine , and this desk diary is perfect for me . One thing that you may or may not love is that the book is laid out more like a diary than a dayplanner . There are numbers running down the side of the page -LRB- staggered on every other line to account for half-hours -RRB- , but it 's not structured with lines of varying darkness and/or thickness , so it is n't laid out like your typical planner .
 This is a very high quality desk diary , really durable and easy to carry around ... I only wish there was room to hold a pen and a place for business cards .
 This book is a great day planner . I can not wait to buy mine for next year ! There is plenty of space to write , a bookmark attached to the spine and an elastic to keep it shut . Great product !
 My wife grew up having a planner book , she insisted I get her a moleskin one and she loves it . Absolutely loves it .
 I have been using Moleskine products for several years , and love them . I just went to the diary and I am glad I did . One drawback is the paper , while very nice , does not withstand some roller-ball or gel ink pens . There is a tendency to bleed through . Overall it is a great product .
 I gave this to my sister-in-law for the holidays and she loved it . I highly recommend it .
 I was tired of writing checks to the local telephone company and decided to venture out into VoiP services and see if I could save a few dollars . I researched for a couple of days and decided on a course of action . I found a service provider that outlined what appeared to be a pretty good price line for VoiP services , a company called Callentric . I then looked at the various VoiP modems that they recommended and that they supported . One by one I went down the list , looking 1st at cost and then at reviews , without exception the Zoom 5801 received the best overall ratings and was priced in a range that did n't choke my pocket book to death . So I ordered up 6 of them , thinking that would be enough to setup up myself and two family members who were going to jump ship on the local telephone company.I bought 2 for each of us because I figured without the phone company to help us out in the event of hardware failure it would be smart to have a second modem ready and able to take the place of the 1st one if one of them should ever go kapooie.well.That was over two years ago as I write this review and I have nothing but praise for these modems , they have performed flawlessly . So far 3 extra backup modems that I bought have just been setting in closets collecting dust waiting for the day that they might be brought out and put into service . In the meantime my highest monthly phone bill since the transition over to VoiP has been $ 17.45 , and that was a real exception , my regular phone bill is $ 12.00 or less a month verses the near $ 60.00 a month I used to give the phone company . I would and do recommend the Zoom 5801 VoiP modem to anyone considering going over to a VoiP setup . I would of course check and find out that if it will work with whatever system your going with . On a final note Callcentric has been fantastic and their rates are very competitive with the others out there , they offer a variety of account types and terms to fit your specific needs and their support team is second to none . I guess I could review and recommend them too lol . All and all the transistion to VoiP has been a very positive one , Zoom modems and Callentric have put my old money grubbing phone company to shame .
 The zoom ATA 5801 is a great device . It does what is designed to do with exceptional simplicity , in particular when used with the Global Village VoIP service.It ca n't get simpler than going to Global Village 's website , registering the MAC address and then turning the device on . Everything gets configured automatically.To be used with other service providers , the ATA can be configured through its web based management software . The range of options is staggering . You can control even the most arcane of parameters.My only problem during the installation was that inability to receive sound at all . The upstream connection was working great , the only problem was getting data into the device , which pointed up to some NAT configuration trouble . However it was just a matter of enabling the STUN protocol and selecting an STUN server -LRB- there are many public ones , like stun.xnet.com -RRB- . After doing that everything works great.I strongly recommend this product if you are looking for a versatile VoIP ATA-Leonardo Valencia
 Solid unit , understandable setup , functions as expected . Works fine in my simple voip situation . Worth checking out if your needs call for it .
 People do n't seem to realize that this is the best ATA for the money one can buy . 2 reasons :1 -RRB- One can be registered up to 4 VOIP accounts concurrently ! 2 -RRB- One can use one phone for both PSTN and VOIP callsAs far as I know , no other ATA offers this , and at this price , there really is no competition
 This is a good adaptor . Does the basics and quality is good . Interface is good too .
 This product had my 2 year old counting to twenty in no time ! Very colorful and eye-catching . Made learning to count numbers fun for my 2 year old . Great Price !!! Great Buy !!!
 I 'm using it for poster-sized graphic organizers that we use day after day . Big books were way too heavy to hang up . Not really realistic unless using industrial strength hooks . Working great though !
 The right tool for the job when trouble shooting phone wiring in the house . Add a DSL filter for checking those lines , too .
 Although I am a writer who composes on the computer , I often do my editing on hard copy in a comfortable chair . Until I started using the Posture-Rite Lap Desk , I could not do this comfortably . Now I have it , it fits my lap perfectly , I use it and love it . I recommend it highly .
 It is an excellent product and I received it promptly . Thanks
 MAXI-AIDS POSTURE-RITE LAP DESK . CA N'T LIVE WITHOUT IT . PERFECT FOR BOTH THE HEALTHY AND THE INFIRM . WORKS PERFECTLY FOR FOOD TRAYS IN BED , A LAPTOP COMPUTER IN BED , PAPERWORK IN BED . TERRIFIC . USE MINE EVERY DAY , ALL DAY . CAN LIFT IT WITH ONE FINGER ; LITERALLY . GREAT IF ONE HAS ARTHRITIS AND LIFTING EVEN LIGHTWEIGHT ITEMS IS A PROBLEM . I LENT ONE TO A GOOD FRIEND AS A HOT TIP TO TRY OUT ; HE HAD A TEMPORARY BAD BACK PROBLEM . HIS REMARK A WEEK LATER WAS , `` HOPE YOU DO N'T EXPECT TO GET THIS BACK , 'CAUSE I 'M KEEPING IT ! '' HIS HEALTHY WIFE ALSO USES IT TO WRITE CORRESPONDENCE WHILE SITTING UP IN BED IN THE EVENING . I KEEP TWO FOR MYSELF , JUST IN CASE . RECENTLY I GAVE ONE TO A DEAR RELATIVE WITH AN IMMINENT HOSPITAL SURGERY . SHE TOLD ME SHE HAD INTENDED TO ORDER ONE LIKE MINE BEFORE SHE WENT INTO THE HOSPITAL , BUT IN THE CHAOS , SHE DID N'T . SHE LOVES IT FOR HER RECOVERY AT HOME , AND BEYOND . IT FITS EVERY LAP , WITHOUT ONE OUNCE OF EXTRA WEIGHT FROM ANY WOOD PRODUCT PRESSING ON THE LAP OR KNEES . I LOVE THE ONE-FINGER-LIFTING TRAY WITH THE LOOP ON THE CORNER . IT 'S WORTH EVERY PENNY . JUST MAKE SURE YOU BUY FROM THE SELLER `` MAXI-AIDS . '' I BOUGHT A COUPLE FROM A DIFFERENT SELLER NAMED `` MAGNIFYING AIDS , '' BUT WITH AMAZON 'S FINE HELP , WAS ULTIMATELY ABLE TO GET A REFUND FOR THEIR RETURNED DEFECTIVE PRODUCT . MY REASON FOR RETURNING `` MAGNIFYING AIDS '' POSTURE-RITE LAP DESK WAS THE PLASTIC TOP WAS NOT FLAT ; IT WAS CURVED TO THE DEGREE ONE COULD CLEARLY SEE THE DEFECT WITH THE NAKED EYE , AND MY COMPUTER KEPT SLIDING OFF TO THE LEFT OR RIGHT . IT COULD POSE A MESSY PROBLEM IF ONE TRIED TO BALANCE A FOOD TRAY ATOP THE `` MAGNIFYING AIDS '' LAP DESK . IN THE MORE DISTANT PAST I HAD KEPT A POSTURE-RITE LAP DESK FROM SELLER `` MAGNIFYING AIDS '' ONLY BECAUSE IT WAS TOO MUCH TROUBLE TO RETURN IT ; HOWEVER , BESIDES THE CURVED PLASTIC TOP I ALSO HAD TO DEAL WITH DOZENS OF LITTLE WHITE STUFFING BALLS SLIPPING OUT THE CORNER SEAMS . SO , TRIPLE-CHECK YOUR ONLINE ORDER ALL THE WAY THROUGH TO THE END OF THE PROCESS TO MAKE CERTAIN YOUR SELLER REMAINS `` MAXI-AIDS '' AND NOT `` MAGNIFYING AIDS '' ; SOMETIMES IT SWITCHES OVER TO SELLER `` MAGNIFYING AIDS '' ; YOU HAVE TO READ THE SMALLER PRINT CAREFULLY . JUST MAKE SURE BEFORE YOU HIT THE `` ORDER '' BUTTON , YOU 'VE POSITIVELY BOUGHT A `` MAXI-AIDES '' POSTURE-RITE LAP DESK AND YOU 'LL BE ABSOLUTELY FINE . GOOD LUCK . I KNOW YOU 'LL BE HAPPY WITH IT . AS I SAID , I USE MINE EVERY SINGLE DAY OF MY LIFE . NO EXAGGERATION .
 of all the lapdesks we 've tried , the posture rite lap desk fits perfectly at just about any angle -LRB- as long as your sitting -RRB- because it forms to your lap .
 This is exactly what I needed for my macbook computer . It 's comfortable and keeps my laptop from sliding around . GREAT !
 This lap desk makes using a laptop much more comfortable -LRB- if you do n't have a real desk handy -RRB- - it helps keep you and the computer cooler and helps keep it in place . It 's also great for working on suduku & other puzzles or writing anything . It 's also very light weight .
 I bought this as a lap desk for using a notebook computer . Its cushion is thick and comfortable . I agree with a previous review that its surface is slippery , proabably designed for a purpose other than as a platform for a computer . Nonetheless , it suffices .
 Its not high quality but it does the job . its made of lightweight plastic and seems like it could break easily , but if your using it for a laptop or schoolwork it beats having to use your lap . Its also has a raised tab at the bottom to keep stuff from sliding off , if your labtop does n't have rubber cushions on the bottom of it it could slide off the smooth surface of the table . For the price its not bad .
 Numerous stores used to carry the bean -LRB- or something -RRB- - filled lap desks with the flat plastic tops . I relied upon them for years until they finally bit the dust . Then I could no longer find them anywhere . Thank goodness this company decided to make these , albeit they are certainly much more expensive than the ones I originally used to buy .
 Just perfect for1 . laptop computer2 . working crossword puzzles3 . holding a plate of food.I got one initially but am ordering another one so one will always be handy when we need it .
 Good size , fits my largish size notebook computer ; comfortable ; light . I like the pencil clip along one edge because it helps pencils stay there . Rugged cloth and stitching so the stuffing -LRB- beads -RRB- stay inside -LRB- a competing product routinely sprung leaks and ended up getting replaced with the Posture-Rite -RRB- . Downsides
 Overall , I really like the design . Very useful and does what it promises -LRB- posture-rite -RRB- . However , it is of very poor workmanship
 I bought the lap desk for my daughter in college . It is just perfect for studying and writing notes .
 It feels a little cheap . It is very comfortable however and holds my laptop quite well . The flat surface is made of some thin material that is n't study , so do n't put too much weight on it . Otherwise a good product .
 I love the ring of the older phones and this one is great . Arrived in great condition and very quickly . I have been very pleased with this purchase .
 I purchased this canvas photo media on the advice of my sister in Canada . As an amateur photographer I take 100 's of pictures each year and then select the best of that year to share with friends and relatives . I have an HP Envy ink printer and this works very well when set at the Premium HP Photo Paper selection . I have printed out a number of 8 x 10 's of some of my favorite shots and I have to say I am blown away with what I see ! The affect is like a painting and the finished artwork makes for great gifts as well as for personal wall hangings . I am an avid backpacker and have found myself `` in the right place at the right time '' for some great shots . I could not give this a better rating . One thing I should mention is that I tried to find my printer on the InkPress website and could not find it but risked it anyway . So take heart if you ca n't find yours as I suspect it will work fine if you are getting good prints on regular photo paper .
 This is s great phone . It is perfect for your home office so you can answer either line while on the computer.The speakerphone option could be clearer but for the price it is good .
 We have had this phone for a number of years , & it 's still working great . Only problem
 I loved the large buttons however the quality of reception has much room for improvement . At times the phone fades in and out during a conversation and makes you think you were cut off -- yet you were n't ... it 's just the bad reception of the phone . Overall it 's not a bad phone , in fact one of the better phones I 've owned . Just wanted others to be aware of the reception problem .
 I wanted a phone with caller ID/call waiting , a good screen with plenty of information , and intuitive use . That 's exactly what I got . I have n't had * any * of the poor reception problems that another reviewer indicated -LRB- that person might have just gotten a bad apple -RRB- . The handset is very comfortable on the face , the sound is clear -LRB- people have even asked me `` Have you gotten a new phone ? You sound great . '' -RRB- , and the use of the Caller ID , Call waiting , and volume controls is very intuitive . Also , the screen is lit and stays lit , so in the dark , you can always see who is calling you , even if you miss the first or second ring -LRB- One of my CID/CW phones does n't light at all , and my other one only lights up for the first ring - so this new phone is much appreciated . -RRB- Something else I like is when you pick the handset up , it shows the last number you dialed and asks if you want to redial it - if you do , you just hit redial . No more guessing who you called last when you hit redial.My only complaints are as follows
 I really love this phone and depend on it to not only tell me who called , but when they called . I find the quality to be first-rate , and LOVE the larger keys because they allow my less than nimble fingers to dial it right every time .
 I ordered this phone for my home office and was so pleased with it that I ordered a second one for our kitchen to replace the cordless phone that always seems to be in my daughter 's room . The display is very readable and all of the features seem to be very intuitive . I think that this phone would still be a great value at twice the price !
 I was a bit hesitant purchasing a non-Paslode battery , but this one works great . Holds a good charge , works flawlessly . Not much else to say about a battery . : -RRB-
 Bought this to replace a dead battery in my first generation Paslode Trimpulse Nailer.Works and fits perfectly for my application .
 Product was in packaging as stated and arrived in a timely fashion , perhaps even a bit earlier . I would buy from this seller again .
 pencils work great and the quantity is nice so you can lose them . got ta have those grips . they feel a little cheap like other pencils i 've bought in this quantity ; but unlike the other pencils , i have n't had any of these break down on me yet . wohoo !
 A very high quality flag , you may find a less expensive one on Amazon , but this flag is worth the extra cost . Highly recommended .
 This was a replacement for a flag that has become weathered . Appears to be very well made . Stars are embroidered . Flag comes with a one year warranty for color fastness . Impressed so far .
 Its a big flag and looks beautiful blowing in the wind I love it . It is made well too !! Will buy again
 Excellent quality flag . I look forward to seeing it for years . I donated it to my church . Glad to do it .
 Beautiful flag . Very well constructed . Purchasing to be used with my son 's Eagle Scout project . It was important to him that we purchased a flag made in the USA . Shipping was fast .
 I needed a new flag for our subdivision entrance , and I wanted high quality and made in the USA . This flag fits the bill perfectly . It flies well , the colors are vibrant , and the price was very reasonable . .
 We really like this flag ... It does everything we expected it to and it looks great on the new flag pole .
 Works great ! no moving parts to break . The simple construction and the use of primary colors adds to the ease of care .
 Heavy duty material . Very nice , vibrant colors . The stars are raised and really nice . Gromets are of good quality as well .
 Great flag for the price . Appears to hold up well in extreme weather conditions . Will order another of the same .
 The first flag we received had a star almost half frayed off within a week but after a phone call to Amazon 's customer support people the issue was quickly resolved and a replacement flag was at my office in only a couple of days . The quality of this flag is excellent and it is made in the USA which is important to me . I would definitely recommend this flag without hesitation and was very pleased with how I was treated by Amazon 's support people and with how the issue was resolved .
 This flag is holding up well in these diverse weather conditions heat , wind , and rain . I have had polyester flags that last about 6 months . So far this nylon looks to hold up better .
 very , good sturdy flad . have not used it outdoors as of yet . purchased for a small retail project in Russia - folks wanted an American flag to hoist on American holidays there . will test during the real cold russian weather again .
 Flag is everything I expected . Great quality at a price that ca n't be beat . This guy survived stapled up on top of my fireworks stand in some pretty brutal wind . Still looks brand new .
 Well made ; excellent material that will withstand Texas wind and rain ; well packaged ; and , shippedtimely.Thanks for offerng this quality product .
 exactly what I was looking for - a replacement for an ancient 900MHz phone that did n't dip too far into my wallet . Seems to be excellent quality - though I wish some of the interesting preset rings were a bit louder . But that 's just nitpicking.Otherwise , a worthy buy !
 The phone was exactly as described . I bought it in order to expand the DCT 646-3 package to its 4 handset maximum.One criticism about online e-tailers none of them -- that includes YOU Amazon -- did not list an extra handset as an accessory.This phone can stand by itself or expand an existing phone configuration . If you are expanding , be sure to de-register the base handset and register the handset in the base of the main system . If you do n't then you 'll have 2 phone configurations that conflict with each other.We 've used our system for about a week . We love it . Reception is great . We enjoy the 100 entry phone book . We like the walkie - talkie feature as well .
 I wanted an inexpensive little phone with numbers that lit up so I could use it in the dark where we sleep . That 's just what I got -- an inexpensive little phone with lit-up numbers . It does the job .
 I purchased a refurbished phone from Amazon and it works great and looks like new . I have had it for 2 yaers now with no problems at all .
 This highlighter stands out for two reasons :1 . It is easy and comfortable to hold , and its shape lets you know immediately the position of the tip - no rotating to ` get it right ' .2 . It has a long-lasting ink supply.I have several friends who also liked these , and we ca n't understand why Sanford stopped making them.It is a superior product , and I keep looking for it to re-appear .
 We wanted a super durable trash can for the indoor/outdoor rec room . I did n't want anything too `` commercial '' for a residence . This top -LRB- bin sold separately -RRB- is perfect . It 's industrial strength yet it 's quite beautiful , as trash cans go . Clean lines . Fits into any space nicely . Best of all , it opens on two sides and the flaps stay shut so your guests are not seeing all of the trash during parties , which is important to me .
 perfect for desk top . Wonderful for avid sports fans . These do not take up much space and are a great conversation piece
 It did just what I purchased it for , , , , that is , to advise Adults of upcoming gift arriving via UPS when no &#34; Gift Card &#34; notice was offered with the on-line purchase . Would recommend for children and adults alike .
 We live in Illinois and our grandchildren live in California . We like to send postcard to them often so they know we are thinkingof them and love them .
 I received Moviefactory 3.5 as an addon to the TV card I purchased . It worked some of the time and frequently had audio syncing problems . Went thru several DVD-Rs trying to figure out what the problem was . Web searches showed that this was a common problem and I would neet to go to Video Studio 10 to resolve it . VS 10 cost more than MF5 , which contains VS 10 , so I bought MF 5 . No Syncing problems . Multi-trim works like a charm and the jog wheel is great for minor movement without having to either enter numbers or click the up or down in the time field . Fast exporting the edited TV program is a snap and allows me to delete the untrimed video and wait for a good time to rip the DVD .
 This handset has a wonderful and beautiful design . Functionally it is even better than the base unit I have -LRB- 2420 -RRB- . You can revisit the last few calls made for redialing . And you can really edit the directory entries . The unit is so small it is very comfortable in your hands , however this makes it hard to cradle and unfortunately , the included belt clip is a real pain to install . A shame for a phone of this price . The voice quality is great , but the range is not on par . Siemens should really market the repeater unit in the US .
 I have bought a bunch of different cordless phones over the past several years . These Seimens phones combine the utility of a cell phone with the advantages of a home phone . The handsets are compact and can be carried in a pocket . Reception is outstanding outside but I have experienced slight problems with reception between the base 2120 downstairs and the handset on the second floor about 150 feet away . Otherwise outstanding quality , worth the money .
 We have several Gigaset handsets at work in the network support department . With the base centrally located , we are able talk throughout nearly all of this 28,000 square-foot two-story concrete and steel building , with only a couple of spots that get a bit noisy . The sound quality at this end is nearly equal to a corded phone , and a callers at the other end say it 's pretty good too . The convenience is great , we use handsfree headsets , to allow ourselves to be handsfree to work , or not be tied to the desk when on perpetual hold with tech support . It is easy to page and conference other handsets too.However , they have some significant durability problems . We have gone through several handsets in the past year . The belt-clip does not grip well at all , and the phone drops frequently . When the fall is slowed or stopped by a handsfree headset , it can damage the jack it is plugged into , which is only held in place by it 's solder pads . When they fall is stopped by the -LRB- mostly carpeted -RRB- floor , several have stopped functioning properly , some stopped completely . If Siemens could make these MUCH more rugged , or at least supply a cushioned case , then I could easily recommend these . Until then , be careful with them , and keep the receipt . Normally vendor extended warranties are a bad investment , but for these , it 's not a bad idea .
 I have used this system for about a year and now have a base unit and 3 extension units . I 've found it reliable , very durable , and easy to use . I appreciate the adjustable volume controls on the handsets . The range and clairity is fantastic . The batteries , though , seem to need constant re-charging . Also , the design discourages balancing the handset on your shoulder and holing it to your ear . But , really , this is a great improvement over the last generation of cordless phones .
 I first bought a 2420 system with 2 auxillary handstes to support my home office throughout my home . I was pleased enough to then buy a 2402 system with 5 auxillary handsets for my residence lines . -LRB- I should add that one of my handsets , 6-months old , simply stopped working for no apparent reason , but I 've had no other performance issues . -RRB- The handset size is comfrotable and ideally proportioned . It can be clipped to your belt or carried your pocket . The handset 's features are complete , -LRB- except that there is no intercom feature to track misplaced handsets -RRB- . Reception is also great.A big plus is that the auxillary handsets use any type of rechargeable AA battery.Be forewarned , however , that someone in the house should read the detailed instructions that accompany the system . This is a sophisticated system . Summary instructions are embedded in the handset 's LED and may be accessed by scrolling , but the LED instructions are cryptic . I , for one , did not understand them until after I 'd read the User 's Manual , -LRB- a first for me -RRB- . But once you 've completed the Setup procedures , you 'll need only to remember
 THis is a great phone . We have a * big * old house with not very many phone jacks , and these phones are indespensable .
 I bought this for an existing desk and am very happy with it . Most importantly , it only leaves 5 inches under the desk so I can still see and access stuff in the back of the drawer . I 've had this installed for about 2 months now and the installation is still solid . It does n't get hard use -LRB- I 'm not opening it and closing it multiple times a day -RRB- but the track opens and closes smoothly and it holds everything I need . Good product . FWIW , on my desk I still have about half an inch of the drawer sticking out since my desk depth is a little too shallow . This is actually a good thing for me since I keep my good pens and sticky notes in the front compartments and get at them constantly . Plus it makes a nice lip to pull to get the drawer open from the top as well as the handle from the bottom .
 I just installed this yesterday . It 's true that it is about 201/4 inches wide instead of the stated 23 '' wide . It 's also 19 '' deep along the medal runners . It is fine with these dimensions but if you were counting on them to be exact then you might have a problem . I do think they should put the correct dimensions in the specs.The drawer itself is about 17 inches deep . It feels solid to me although if you tried hard you could break the plastic but with medal runners and sturdy plastic , I think it will last a while . It also closes tightly which is good since I installed it under my RV desk and it is subject to a lot of vibrations going down the roads . I 'll update this review if I find any faults down the line .
 my husband installed this in minutes . works well . it 's over a year old and has held up great ! more room than i expected .
 This is great ! We had one before , with plastic runners , and one broke . We lived with it that way for a time , but finally gave in and bought a new one ! This is deeper , which is great , and the attachments are metal ! Huge bonus ! We like this !
 I ordered two of these for my custom dest in my office , they are well built and very durable , made of a thicker plastic that you would find in an Office Depot or other office stores , I 'm very satisfied with my purchase of this product !!!
 Love this . My desk did n't comewith one of these drawers . It was easy to install.Definitely would recommend . A +
 This product met my needs and the product was shipped quickly . I recommend this product to others with similar needs . Smooth slides , and an excellent layout of storage sections . I 'm using it under a work bench for tool storage .
 Easy to install . The plastic is fine - rigid enough to hold what I need . Slides out very smoothly . There is a sharp edge on the end of the runners that I just covered with tape .
 this is great !!! everyone should get one and start a savings plan to save your pocket change . it is so easy now to bring to the bank . Do n't buy the wrappers online as any bank will give them to you for free .
 The mechanism works well , but the crank should be turned fairly slowly to be sure the coins drop into their proper slots . The plastic tubes are marked for an approximate count , but hand counting for accuracy once the tube is full is still advisable . The advantage to this device is that it makes the process of sorting very simple and efficient . This company also has a line of preformed paper wrappers which slide easily into the plastic tubes . Overall , a good value for the price .
 Bought this for my boyfriend . Makes coin sorting and rolling so much faster , he even does mine . I save mine up all year and cash in at the holidays . He empties his pockets daily , gives it a few cranks and as a tube fills , he puts them in the free paper wrapers from the bank . Yes it will jam occasionally , not a big deal , just crank backward . If it should get really stuck , it 's hinged so all is reachable .
 So glad we bought this.Works very well , will continue to use it.A lot easier than lugging the coins to the bank or a coin sorter .
 Royal Sovereign Sort 'N Save Manual Coin Sorter , Clear -LRB- MS-1 -RRB- It works very well and sorts accurately . Very sturdy construction
 I 've had 2 automated coin sorters and this one is way better . First off no more batteries therefore you save money . The crank is really smooth and it works great . The only thing I was surprised about was the size . Bigger than I thought and would like , but the upside can load more coins to sort .
 So far so good with this coin sorter . Turning the handle does not bother me , it sorts the coins easily . Sometimes you get one stuck , so it you then need to reverse . But this is true with most coin sorters , it 's never going to be 100 % flawless . You feed the coins from the top and turn the handle . The coins get sorted into the paper wrappers and you 're good to go . I recommend this if you do n't mind a manual coin sorter .
 I just got this coin sorter and put it to work . It works perfectly . Hardly ever jams and when it does the fix is to just rotate the lever in the other direction and then back , easy as pie . I recommend this for anyone who has a jar full of coins . I love that every aspect of it you are able to control . I wanted to see if it actually counted out the right amount of each coin -LRB- since there is no screen -RRB- so I filled it and manually counted once , and it did ! All you have to do is watch until the coins reach the top and then they 'll start bouncing off it and replace the sleeve .
 Great product , love the way it sorts coins . Quick , easy , fun way to save and then sort . Kids loved `` sorting '' their coins as well .
 Excellent ! If you spin too fast the dimes spill but its easy to use and its easy to fish out foreign objects if you drop something in there . Just be patient and it works great . The ability to rotate the handle both ways is a great bonus . I have put about $ 100 worth of change through it so far and no complaints .
 My wife and I rolled over $ 600.00 of pennys with verylittle problems.Well worth the money . Reports say battery and elect . would jam . This one did n't
 Bought this as a Christmas gift and he loves it . Uses it constantly . He has vending machines and the counter/sorter saves him from doing his change manually .
 Ca n't find anything better than this product , I think I 'm getting the hang of it . I want it , liked it and now love it !!!
 Have had several motorized coin sorters but had problems with each one!This manual model is very simple and sorts coins just the way I want them .
 This item is still going strong for us after 6 months . The kids want to turn the crank . The machine can be finicky so we stay nearby to make sure they do n't force it.It 's been great for us after our bank branch with the coin counting machine moved .
 This product does exactly what it is supposed to do . This is not why I am so happy with this product . I had a very minor issue and I contacted the company to ask them a question . I had not given much though about it and not 2 days later I received in the mail the replacement I was inquiring about . I did not give my address and not sure how they found it but they really looked out for their customer.Royal Soverign took great care and had initiative to go the extra mile . I will be looking at this company for future purchases.It is perfect for kids to sort coins and then let them count.Just a side note if your kids are playing with this make sure those flat coins you get as souviniers from a zoo or wherever do not make it into the machine . They are difficult to get out .
 Well constructed . My battery powered jam machine finally gave up the ghost . This this thing works , no jamming and works the way it 's supposed to .
 I bought this on reading other reviews and very skeptical . I 'm now a believer , my ten year old daughter is able to wrap up the change with no problem . I think being able to control the speed and back up a bit when coins are n't entering correctly is the key to the success of this vs. battery or electrically powered home change wrapping devices . I like it and think you will too .
 A simple , great mechanical design with a hand crank . Very easy to turn , you can feel if a jam might be starting and back up a notch . Very happy . I have a feeling this will last years longer than something fiddly with a mechanical motor .
 My husband has had a manual coin sorter bank for a long time . When it recently fell apart I ordered this one to replace it . My husband was adamant . He did not want a digital sorter that would eat batteries . There are also those that are n't very accurate . This one is perfect . Our kids love to turn the handle and watch the coins fall into their proper roll . It 's very sturdy , too . I would definitely recommend this to others considering using a coin sorter .
 I 've had the cheap electro-mechanical coin sorter/counters . I strongly urge you to buy this manual crank model!The electro models jam easily and you end up spending a lot of time clearing the jams . This Royal Sovereign crank model does not jam ! YOU are in control of the rate of operation . You can put a lot of coins in the hopper at once.I 'll be honest
 This product worked as advertised . Rarely jammed and was easy to fix if it did . I did not use the supplied coin rollers , but sorted coins directly into the tubes to ensure the coin counts were correct . Occasionally , these were incorrect which I think was the result of a slight difference in the thickness of the coins . All in all , a great little machine .
 I love this thing , it 's much more reliable than my old electric one , and it 's fun to dump a chaotic handful of coins into the top and crank them into neat , orderly stacks . It 's also fairly compact.However , it tends to allow coins to fall into the tray as if the tube were full one coin early . I 've found that if you turn the crank really slowly , the coin will land and stay precariously perched on the little bit of tube that is exposed . I just check by hand . If I can set the coin on the top of the stack and it stays -LRB- touches the plastic tube -RRB- , then I have a full roll .
 I purchased this coin sorter a few months ago , it was well priced and accomplised exactly what it promised . The manual operation is , in my opinion , better than a machine/electrical operated coin sorter because I determine the speed . If it jams , I can see where it is jammed because of the see through housing . I 've had an electrical coin counter and if it jammed , the machine continued to force the coins , thus burning the motor . BOTTOM LINE
 I chose this product because people gave it more stars over an electric one and it costs significantly less . I know someone who owns an electric one and he says it always jams up and sometimes has to be dismantled . Yes this one does jam up but not alot and all you have to do is back it up a little then try it again and it works fine , big whoopty do . I tell you one thing it 's better than doing it by hand or dumping it in one of those machines that charge you like 10 to 15 % . Yea it may have been cheaper to do it that way then buy this but in the long run this was the better deal.Like somebody else said the nickles and quarters are shorted one coin but I guess I can insert one in the sleeve buy hand . This is a great product and I would recommend it to anyone .
 I wanted a coin sorter that was fast , cheap , and accurate . This is it . It is fun to use . I 'd guess it sorts almost 250 coins per minute . I have n't had any problem with jamming . I did not place coin wrappers in the tubes , so the coins entered easily . When a tube filled , I dumped the coins into a plastic bag -LRB- one for each coin type -RRB- . This makes sorting fast , no stopping to roll . Since coin thickness can vary with wear , I do n't trust the tube height to get an accurate count . I 'll find a different way to count and roll . Maybe making stacks of 10 on a table .
 I read the reviews of the coin sorters , as it was a gift to my husband -LRB- who is picky about such things -RRB- . I did n't want to chance the failure of the electronic sorters , and the review of this one seemed very positive . It arrived , and my husband seemed rather bland about the gift ... until he used it . It works wonderfully , and was fun to use ! I recommend this item for anyone who saves their pocket change in a jar and rolls them occasionally .
 It 's actually a lot bigger than expected , which is a good thing ... sturdy . The manual crank idea is n't very ` techie ' , but as a robotics engineer , I appreciate the complexities of sensing jams and how best to deal with them in a cost effective manner . The human hand is quite adept in such situations . After burning out a previous unit -LRB- stuck switch burnt the motor -RRB- , this unit does the job nicely if you simply want to get those coins into the wrappers and be done with it !
 Works like a charm . I sorted over $ 400 in coins and it worked well . You definitely need to get the molded coin wrappers as the flat ones are a pain . I only had one problem with it and that is when a larger coin was in the pile . It was rather difficult to get out and clogged up the works a bit .
 A good value for the money , works well , works even better if you are a little patient .
 Been saving change for years . Decided to cash in for a vacation . It works great , no batteries to deal with . Worth the price
 Like the other reviewers said , this sorter is very good and accurate to use . It has some minor problems like once in a while , a loose coin would shoot out or if you back up reeling , a coin would go into the wrong slot . Other than that , this is definitely a keeper and a gift to give away . I would recommend this sorter to anyone .
 This sorter is a gem . It 's cheap to buy , and to use , since there are no batteries to replace . The key to using this device is in not trying to go too fast . While other reviewers are correct that sometimes falling coins will overshoot the roll cylinders , you can minimize this by going slowly . Also , a slow , smooth cranking motion will keep it from making a mistake . My son and I rolled nearly $ 400 worth of coins in maybe an hour and a half , only once did a coin go into the wrong stack , and it was because my son was cranking a little too fast.When it jams , backing up the crank a little usually fixes it on its own , but I found you can use your finger at the top of the hopper to spread the coins out and undo more stubborn jams.This is the best gadget purchase I 've made in quite a long time .
 I 'll never go motorized after using this . Especially for the price . This works great !
 The Royal Sovereign coin sorter is really a well made machine . Have purchased in the past 3 coin sorting & wrapping machines , 1 manual and 2 electric they failed to live up to their promise of easy sorting & wrapping . I was not sure if the Royal Sovereign manual -LRB- hand Crank -RRB- was what I wanted , but the electric ones I had purchased in the past , all jammed up and stopped working , I spent all my time opening them up to clear coins . The Royal Sovereign was so good , had only one jam and that was from a piece of metal that got mixed up with the coins . In two days I wrapped $ 302.00 , the real time was about 6 hours . I ran out of wrappers and had to wait till the next day to go to the 99 cents store and get 6 bags , that worked perfect . This machine is worth the price , plus it was a good deal on Amazon . com , pricewise and free shipping .
 I bought this to deal with the huge volume I get from my side job selling newspapers and it works great . I put about $ 80/week in mostly quarters through it with no problems . All you have to do is stir it a little as the coins go through and it does the rest . The only problem I had was getting the correct amount of coins in each tube . But after I got that down , smooth sailing . Definitely recommend over any battery-operated machine .
 I had a battery operated coin roller for a few years and it was barely okay . This manual one is great and does exactly what it 's supposed to do , roll coins without all the little problems the battery operated one had !
 I save my change in a jar at the end of the day . Last week , I was shocked to find out that my bank no longer had a coin sorter/counter . My choices were to take the jar to a grocery store and pay a 8-9 % fee or ` roll my own ' . After doing a search and reading the high reviews the MS-1 received , I decided to order the coin sorter.Once I got the hang of getting the coins into a flat wrapper from the plastic sorter tube , it only took me 2-1/2 hours -LRB- at the most -RRB- to sort and wrap $ 140.50 worth of coins!The MS-1 is simple to operate -LRB- perfect to use in front of tv -RRB- . In case of jams , you reverse the crank.This little coin sorter is worth every penny .
 I am happy with my purchase . It works as expected . IMO it works better when you do n't put in the coin wrappers . Fill up the tubes and then put them in the coin wrappers .
 I 've never had a coin sorter before and I do n't know how I ever lived without it . My four year old son gathered all of our coins and spent the next 20 minutes sorting them . All I had to do was fold the ends of the wrappers and caution him to stop turning if the handle got hard to turn . I would turn it backwards a crank and everything started working fine again . We love it .
 I like this item as a return to the good ol days of using manual power . Only draw-back is sometimes the coins overshoot their holders . That may be a function of how fast I turn the handle ?
 This item is so great ! It only took 2-3 days to arrive . I did n't think I would like it because it is n't electronic but it is wonderful ! If it jams a little just back the handle up and teeny bit and it will run smoothly once again . Just make sure you only buy the round coin papers ; the ones that come flat and them you open them up do n't work in the slots . And trust me , you do n't want to be stuffing the coins by hand . Make sure you buy some round papers with this product so you can be prepared ! Ca n't find anything wrong with it .
 I had tons of coins built up in my office . I had experience with the battery op type and was n't satisfied . I came across this manual crank sorter , so I gave it a shot . It takes big piles of coins and sorts them with 98 % accuracy . There are some overshoots and mistaken slots occasionally , but overall , a very good machine . If there 's a jam , you can reverse a bit , unclog the jam , and continue . I recommend this sorter for a stockpile of coins of home requiring some organization .
 I have been reviewing and considering coin sorters for some time . Based on the the reviews and warnings of other consumers I put aside my love for electronic gadgets and chose this manual model . Just as they said , it is very dependable . Jams are not a concern , since you can just reverse the handle a partial turn . This has been a great investment , and I would recommend it to anyone ready to turn the piggy bank into a bank deposit .
 I was skeptical that a plastic coin sorter could be as good as this one is . My fears were groundless . This machine normally works very well as long as one does not overload the hopper and one gingerly turns the crank WITHOUT forcing it . The operative concept here is DO NOT FORCE the crank if you feel a jam start to happen . Turning the crank between one to three clicks in reverse and then forward again , cleared most jams , for me . One MUST be attentive for the first indication of jams , but those are relatively few considering that this is a plastic non-commercial tool . This is not something that one sits down to use while drinking a case of beer and flexing one 's muscles.Yes , the rumors are true that if the operator turns the handle too many clicks in reverse while clearing a jam , the machine may place the wrong coin in the wrong tube , but , I think that most people can figure out how to remove the errant coin and relocate it into the correct tube.I previously read laments that the coin count was erratic , but that only seems to happen when the operator gets impatient and fails to fill the tube to the very top or 1/2 coin width over the top edge of the tube . Some folks may try to cheat the system and only drop coins until they almost fill the tubes . However , a correct filling brings the coins up to or 1/2 a coin over the top of the respective tube ... so you do n't have to manually count each tube when it is filled.I experimented with the coin load in the hopper and recommend that one be especially attentive to the quantity of the number of quarters loaded , as those tend to jam the machine more readily than do the smaller coins . A word to the wise
 I love that this does n't need batteries . If it clogs , you reverse a bit , and crank forward again . I had a huge bag of change that just keeps losing value with inflation , but now I 've been able to wrap all my coins & get settled.Comes with 4 sample wrappers - the cylindrical kind , not the flat ones - so you can verify how it drops the coins right into them . I plan on buying the flat wrappers , which it says you can use after filling the plastic coin stacks . The one thing that worried me is that it said that sometimes a dime or a penny could get mixed up - which is fine if you just load the plastic tubes without coin wrappers , verify the coins are right , and wrap them after .5 stars !
 This works , and although it does fail to drop the coins into thePreformed paper coin tubes now and then , it is not a show stopper.Overall I am quite satisfied . This was purchased through Amazon .
 So I bought this over the other coin sorters because this one is manual.It jams pretty easily , but gets unjammed just as easily - more annoying than anything else.Please note that this is only a coin SORTER , not a coin counter . I guess when the tubes are filled , that is when you 're supposed to know that you 've reached the face-value on the roll . But you actually have to count it to verify.If I had it over , I 'd probably purchase a coin sorter and counter . But I ca n't give this item < 4 stars since I was n't thinking straight . It does exactly as it advertises .
 Good product and does the job . It does have a problem when the wrappers are in thetubes . It under counts when the wrappers are inserted in tubes . Works perfectly when used without the wrappers and then insert the wrapper . Wrapper slips right on .
 This baby belongs in the Smithsonian as a marvel of simplicity ! I have n't yet figured out how to get exactly the right number of coins per tube but , from what I can tell , the banks are n't all that picky either ! That 's the only reason I did n't rate it 5 stars.I put a piece of scotch tape on one side of the tube -LRB- s -RRB- to prevent coins from overshooting the tubes ; an easy fix . It works best when I do n't pour too much into the hopper . Be gentle when cranking it backward to un-jam it . Now tell all your friends you 'll take their pocket change and soon you 'll be wealthy beyond your wildest dreams ! -LRB- OK , I made up that last part , but the rest is true -RRB- .
 I stored up my coins in a giant beer bottle which took years to fill . When it was time to cash it into the bank , I spent hours sorting the coins into bags -LRB- Ireland -RRB- with help from my family . Not fun!When I moved to the US , I bought this fun little device and use it to store my coins and sort them incrementally rather than all at once . I 've since sorted the price of this machine many times over with no problems . It 's a little noisy as you 'd expect but it 's stayed solidly working . If you feel it sticking a little , wind backwards a little and then continue . My only gripe is that it 's difficult to tell exactly when the coin tubes have the right number of coins in them - I do n't leave the papers in the tubes since it works better otherwise . I 've docked one star for this minor gripe but this is easily fixed with a good marking pen .
 I use this product to count the tips we make at a coffee shop I work at and it 's been a big help . Learning how to wrap the coins with the flat wrappers requires some skill , but it 's really easy to do so . All you have to do is open up the folded ends by squeezing it with your thumb & middle finger . Make sure there is some tension so that the wrapper feels like it is going to close again . Stick your index finger in the middle and carefully wrap the coins in the cylinder . As soon as you get a few in , flip the cylinder upside-down and let gravity do the rest.The only problem I had with this product is the pennies and dimes . The reason why the pennies are off because all of the pennies are not the same . The older ones were a lot thicker than the newer which is why you may be 1-2 pennies short or over . That goes the same for the dimes . I had no trouble sorting out nickels and quarters . So for the pennies and dimes , I like to add just one coin extra before I wrap it.Also , watch out for sticky , double , foreign , and $ 1 coins . I never had a jam yet but these coins usually stay in the sorter . And to get them out , I tilt the sorter to slide the coin out into the opening .
 This coin sorter is fabulous . Some of the digital ones are very inaccurate . This manual one is easy to use , does not jam , and is accurate ! It is a great way to save your pennies and my kids love to see how much change they have accumulated .
 product is as advertised works great does all of the sorting , could not beleave how easy counting all my change became . Going to all the banks to get the wrapers was the hardest part , spend the money it will pay for itself . Make sure you read the instructions and follow them real easy and operation is a snap .
 Sometimes simple is better . I have used several of the cheap , battery powered sorters and this unit is much better . Processes a lot more coins at a time with less tendency to jam . If a jam happens it clears easily with a reverse crank . Only negative is that you have to watch cranking speed for unit to work correctly .
 THIS IS WITHOUT A DOUBT THE BEST COIN ROLLER I HAVE USED , I HAD SEVERAL OF THE BATTERY TYPES , ALL BUSTED OR MOTOR QUIT , BUT THIS ONE IS AS SMOOTH AS SILK , YOU MIGHT THINK IT IS SLOW WITH THE HAND CRANK BUT BY ELIMINATING THE JAMS OF ELECTRIC TYPE IT IS FASTER , AND TURNS OUT TO BE ALOT OF FUN TO USE , ONLY FAULT I HAVE IS WITH THE FRONT DOOR NOT STAYING CLOSED BY ITSELF , BUT IM GOING TO PUT A NICE LITTLE LATCH ON IT THAT LOOKS GOOD AND PROBLEM SOLVED , WELL WORTH THE MONEY , AND SHIPPED FAST TOO !
 I 've discovered a new thing that 's as mesmerizing as a campfire , waterfall or girls volleyball team
 Bought for my daughter to play with money . Every once in a while it will catch a coin wrong and you have to back spin it just a bit to dislodge , but it always sorts correctly . That is unless you spin it backwards . Then everything will go into the quarter slot .
 This is a simple but well planned device that does its sorting job without requiring power . It rarely jams but is easy to clear if a jam occurs . It is fast , accurate and always ready to use .
 A great , handy coin counter . Large bin on top to toss loose change in until sorted - beats the jar or drawer I used before . Looks good with appealing design , .
 As others have pointed out , do not put too many coins in the hopper at once or turn the handle too fast . It can jam . If it does , first step to try is to gently back off on the handle turn . I had a dime get stuck in a seam on the housing requiring a disassembly to reach it . Otherwise , it works fine . Works best if you add the wrappers to the coins after loading the plastic tubes . You 'll know you have the correct count if the coins reach the very top of the plastic tube . The last coin may ever so slightly show above the rim .
 I just used this coin sorter for the first time . I sorted and rolled $ 138.00 worth of silver in under half an hour . I do n't know how long it would have taken me to do it by hand , but much , much longer than that . It only took that long because I checked the first roll of each type of coin to make sure the correct number of coins was in the wrapper . All were fine . I have had two battery operated sorters and neither one of them worked anywhere near as well as this one . When they jammed , fixing the jam was time consuming and difficult . This crank sorter is an easy fix to unjam . And if you find your pace and the right number of coins to put in the hopper , it rarely jams . Now on to my other three juice jars full of silver . I will have amassed several hundred dollars in rolled coins by the end of the day !
 This worked great for me . I unscrewed the 3 screws that keep the housing on so I could clear jams easy . In $ 80 worth of change i had about 3 jams -LRB- jams were due to foreign coins and debris -RRB- . Slow and steady is the key.Hand counted each sleeve of coin then weighed them on my postage scale . 2 of the sleeves -LRB- I think nickels and dimes , I do n't remember and its already packed away -RRB- you are better off not inserting the preformed coin sleeve and just waiting until the coins are flush with the tube . Other than than it took about 15 min to count $ 80 with of coins . It could have been less time but I did a lot of double checking to verify accurate counts . It was fun . It would have gotten 5 stars if it was 100 % accurate at counting . For $ 30 you cant go wrong .
 I was tired of flimsy sorters , dead batteries and jammed or spinning coin trays . The Manual Coin Sorter is wonderful . Heavy , solid ... just dump a pile of change in and turn the handle.The coins fill the sleeves perfectly , no tilting . Easy to use , easy to save.Love it and recommend it .
 I bought this to replace my battery operated coin cannon that died last month . I like the fact that there are no batteries or electronic gizmos to go wrong with it . The sorting operation is smooth , quick and more accurate than my cannon . I agree with another reviewer who said if you feel a little resistance while turning the handle , run the handle backwards to clear the coin jam . We usually only put in a handful of change at a time but the first sort I did was emptying my month of accumulated coins . The Sovereign held a bunch of coins in the hopper and still sorted easily but I do n't like putting that many in at once . You have to clear the jams a little more often.I use the free wrappers from my bank . When the coin tube is full I slide the wrapper over the coins . It may take a little practice but not that big of a deal .
 I did a lot of research on coin counters before deciding to buy this manually operated -LRB- crank style -RRB- counter . It has fulfilled every expectation for speed , accuracy , sturdiness , and simplicity .
 This device makes sorting change fun and simple . My kids love to find loose change now , so that they have an excuse to crank the handle and sort the change . The entire exterior of the device is transparent , so they can watch the entire process . It does require a particular style of coin sleeves , but overall , it functions extremely well .
 I bought this for my nine-year old daughter for her `` bank '' which she keeps for other members of the household . What an unexpectedly attractive , sturdy , functional and fun machine this is ! Although it 's not a typical -LRB- or cheap -RRB- toy , it was her favorite gift that holiday.The base is heavy and the parts fit together well . You have to use it with some care , but not kid gloves . It is well built , but do n't crank on it hard when a coin happens to get stuck -LRB- just give it a quarter-crank in reverse , and let the coins sort themselves . -RRB- The hard plastic and would not survive harsh use or a drop on the floor , but other than that there are no motors or lights to break.The clear plastic lets you watch as the coins each fall into their proper holes and into their wrappers , and permits an industrious-feeling kind of play . I was reminded of the machines of old that once were used in homes and offices but are now gone , replaced by a new race of nontactile digital machines -LRB- which , yes , are awesome too -RRB- . Highly recommended for a child that has any interest in money and numbers .
 My husband bought this to sort and roll coins we had been saving for a few years . It worked great ! It only took him 2 or 3 days -LRB- only for maybe 45 min a day -RRB- to sort through over $ 300 . We do n't run a business or anything , but it worked great for what we needed it for .
 I 've tried several inexpensive -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- battery operated sorters available at Wal-Mart and Office Depot . They do OK but often the coins somehow get routed to the outside of the coin sorter into the sorter mechanism and then a near disassembly is the only way to get the stray coins out.The Royal Sovereign is hand operated . As long as you do n't turn the crank too fast , coins reliably find their way into the plastic cylinders . Turning the crank too quickly results in some coins flying over the cylinders into the shield and then down to the table ... still not a disaster , not even an inconvenience really.Not just for home , but also good for a small business like a florist , bicycle shop , etc.No motors to burn out , no batteries to leak/go dead.Do suggest letting the coins sort into the naked plastic cylinders and then sliding paper coin tubes into the coin full cylinder rather than trying to use the more rigid heavier paper coin tubes -LRB- which are more expensive -RRB- . This scenario seems to work better for this machine.You 'll be glad you bought it .
 Great product for the price . Would recommend for light to medium use . We just use it for sorting pocket change . Dpes this very well just do not put to much change in it or turn handle to fast .
 I bought this product after getting annoyed with banks not changing out coins ... I tried CoinStar in the local supermarket and I think they take like 8-10 % fee ... I 'll pass on that . The unit seems fairly sturdy ... though it 's all plastic and some may find cheap . It 's quite fun to use ... especially if you have a lot of coins . It comes with a sample of their wrappers ... and though they recommend using their brand ... I was able to use the free ones that the bank gives out.Operation : It 's fairly straight forward ... fill the hopper with coins and crank away -LRB- slowly -RRB- . Any odd-shaped and dirty coins get left in the hopper . During my first go , they coins would get stuck or ` jump ' they coin wrappers ... may be because I was n't using their rolls . To solve this , I did n't bother to use the wrapper at all ... I cranked / sorted the coins directly into the plastic tubes , then remove the tube once it was filled and then push the coins into the wrapper ... I tested this and the ` counting ' came up pretty accurate as the thickness of the coin wrapper is nominal.Be careful not to ` reverse ' the hand crank ... as it may cause it to break.This would be a great way for kids to get in the habit of saving ... have them change out their piggy bank annually and change it out for real money.It does n't sort the $ 1 coins -LRB- that I see mostly in the subways -RRB- FYI.Great , simple product at a bargain price with Amazon .
 Great little product . No batteries or AC plufg ; just a crank handle . Works just fine .
 I decided against all those cheap , automatic coin sorters and purchased this model . The hand crank is kinda fun and allows you to control the coin flow to ensure the sorting occurs properly . This machine really does n't jam , and does exactly what it is designed to do . Only a few MINOR knocks
 After 2 dismal experiences with different `` automated '' coin sorters , I ordered this for my husband . No more buckets -LRB- literally -RRB- of change , no 9 % fee , no frustrated hubby spending hours trying to accomodate the flimsy automated machines before returning them in disgust . Quick , easy ... it works !
 This coin sorter does exactly as described . Easy to work and easy to unjam . It 's so much better than the battery operated ones I 've had in the past . I would highly recommend this to anyone for home use .
 I 've had trouble with two battery operated models before finding this gem . This unit is clear , so that if coins get stuck or lie on their side , you immediately see the problem and correct it easily . The hand cranking is better than the battery operated units because you can crank backwards a bit if a coin gets stuck .
 Length :
 This is a wonderful coin sorter . It not only works very well , it is fun to use ! Yes , it does jam once in a while , but you just turn the crank in the opposite direction and it takes care of the problem . You do have to be careful not to turn it too far backward or else the pennies end up in the quarter slot . The jamming does n't happen very often . I had an old battery operated sorter which jammed and it ended up taking longer than this one to sort a lot of coins . I would definitely recommend this sorter !
 I read the reviews on this and the electronic coin sorters before I bought this for my husband and boy , am I glad I did . He just loves it and it works really well . I did not want just another piece of junk laying around . I recommend this to everyone.Thank you !
 The good
 We wind up with a lot of coins at the office , and I was tired of counting and rolling them . I did try some of those `` automatic '' coin sorters , but they never lasted more than a couple of weeks . . and I ca n't say we really abused them either . But this little gadget is totally cool . It 's easy and fun to use . . no muss , no fuss , lots of fun !! and yes . . now everyone wants to sort the coins !!
 Works like a charm ! Better and less expensive than other `` automatic '' models . I wish more coin wrappers would have been included in the package .
 For home use it works . No batteries to change and you 're not stuck if the coins jam up . So far this is the best one we 've used at home .
 My kids and I actually had fun rolling coins with this machine . Gets jammed quite a bit , but is easy to free up by winding in reverse . Excellent value .
 I purhcased this so that my children could easily sort out all of their change . This works much better than my previous coin sorter . Even my 3 year old can operate it . We have been using it for over a month now without any problems .
 What I expected ... sometimes coins pop over and do not go into there coin covers . Not too bothersome ... Still less than more expensive coin sorters
 This coin sorter works great with all coins - just go slow and steady . If you start turning it too fast , the coins will get caught up in the slot . The rolled coin wrappers worked great also !! Definitely the way to go - my 6 year old handled it and was so excited to use it . Good product overall , highly recommended .
 Pays for itself in an evening . Unit -LRB- with shipping -RRB- cost $ 36.69 from Amazon.com . I was looking forward to testing it but came home from business travel and my wife had already rolled all the change in the house in < 90 minutes totaling $ 47.50 . You do the arithmetic . As others have pointed out sometimes -LRB- more often than not -RRB- you have to add a single coin to each stack -LRB- Quarters , Dimes , nickels , pennies -RRB- on each round .
 Got this for my 31/2 year old . She loves it . She tosses piles of coins in and cranks away - loves to see the neatly sorted stacks and then dumps them back in . It 's simple enough for her to master every action - no adult needed - well , until she put in a 50-cent piece . But it was easy to remove.It 's a winner . Simple , works great , love it . Highly recommended .
 I just realized that when you use this device you do NOT put the coin wrapper in the `` tube '' -LRB- it arrived with a coin wrapper in each filler tube -RRB- and you leave the front plastic cover open ! I did not do this last night and had a terrible time with the coins `` jumping '' out and falling onto the table below ! As I was writing my initial review , I looked up on the page here to see a picture of the sorter with the front open the the coins viewable ! -LRB- I will try it again and see how convenient it is to have to switch coins from tube to wrapper . -RRB- So ... operationally I 'd give this a 4 as it does seem to jam . Watch that you do n't end up with larger than quarter coins by mistake ! They will jam . When it does work , it works well . Do n't overload it with coins . Plastic could be sturdier , kind of flimsy . Careful unjamming jams . You have to work the crank back and forth ... be gentle ! I would rate the product higher than a 4 if it was about $ 10.00 less to purchase .
 I got this for my husband who tosses coins in a can . It was easy to use and did not jam if you went a medium speed.I would purchase one again for someone I know that needs this help with coins !
 We considered getting a motorized coin sorter , but after reading the reviews decided to go with this manual sorter . It works great as long as the coins are flat , and you do n't try to crank it too fast . Sometimes the quarters do n't make it into the wrap , but it 's not a huge issue . The best part is not having to replace batteries !!
 Bought this for my husband for Christmas . He 's had the battery operated type before ... he loves this one ! No jams and no dead batteries . Only advice - do n't overload the hopper with coins .
 For the price , this thing is great ; already paid for itself as heretofore , would take loose coinage to local supermarket 's coin machine which retains 10 % then pays the balance is cash.Just ran $ 700 in coins through device . Device will jam occasionally with foreign coins and and objects mistakenly inserted into hopper -LRB- buttons , etc. -RRB- . No big deal ; simply remove coin cylinders , turn device up side down , and shake out/remove item causing the jam . Additionally , for me , it was quicker to load the cylinders then insert the wrappers around the coins ; after that remove the wrapped coins and compare the wrapped stack with an exemplar pre-wrapped sack which you know has the correct count -LRB- those who play table games while gambling -LSB- ex blackjack , poker , and/or craps -RSB- will know what I am talking about -RRB- . Occasionally , the rolled coins will be off 1 or 2 coins but not more.Well worth the price !
 This coin sorter is not bad for $ 31.00 . I sorted out about $ 300.00 worth of change in about 1.5 hours . I did not experience the problems other buyers did . I left the coin wrappers in the tubes , loaded the hopper with coins and cranked the handle . When a tube filled up I replaced it and kept cranking until I needed to replace another . The hopper will become jammed from time to time , but it is nothing to worry about . Just turn the crank in the opposite direction a little and it will clear the jam . I think it was the dimes that caused the most jams , but again it was nothing that caused me any real trouble . Accuracey was also very good . A couple of pennies ended up in the nickel tube and a couple of dimes in the penny tube . I think it was well worth the $ 31.00 and it will last me a long time .
 This coin sorter works great . My husband and I have been saving change for almost 3 years and I finally decided it was time to count it all up . I did n't want to take it to one of those CoinStar machines in the grocery store because they charge you to take your change . And after reading all the reviews on the electronic coin sorters versus this one , this one sounded like the best . It 's pretty accurate most of the time . I counted the first sleeve of each denomination to make sure the right number of coins was in each one . The quarters , dimes and pennies were correct . The sleeve for the nickels seems like it should be a little taller because it always needs one more nickel added to it . I will admit it would be easier to use with preformed rolling papers , I used the flat ones and it does add a little effort . Be careful to remove any dollar coins or coins that are bent or messed up in any way because it will cause jams and sometimes its hard to get the offending coin out . Overall , though , I think it 's a great product , does the job and is worth the money !
 It is so great not to have to sort all my coins by hand any more-Nfow I can pour them in , turn the handle and they are sorted and put into the wrappers all at once .
 Since the coin sorter arrived , i have sorted all of my coins in less than 5 minutes , and I had a ton of them . It would have normally taken me about a couple of hours to do that , so the time saved is worth the purchase.Also , the seller , Warehousesupply , shipped it fast , and also emailed me asking me if I was satisfied etc. . I thought that was a bonus.So in a nutshell , it sorts perfectly and now I want to go to the bank and get more coins just to put in the sorter because it 's kinda fun sorting in a childlike 'n geeky way too . hehe
 I got this machine for my team for tip distribution . They used to go to coin star , which was eating up a good portion of their tip pool . Now the only expense is the coin rollers -LRB- must buy pre-formed ones , not the flat ones that can be obtained from any bank for free -RRB- . This machine does not require batteries - another plus . You will also quickly figure out not to put too many coins at once . Have fun : -RRB-
 Got this for my husband who collects his change and was accumulating quite a stash . He loves using this coin sorter and now rolls up his change regularly.It works very well as long as you go slow and do n't overload it . Sometimes it jams just a little but this is easily remedied by jogging the handle in the opposite direction . This allows the coins to redistribute in the hopper and continue to load into the proper slots . Its a nice little low-tech device and we are glad that we purchased it .
 This thing is cool !!! Solidly constructed and does exactly what it is supposed to do ... sort coins . Operation is a breeze -- drop coins in , turn the handle and viola , coins drop into their respective tube . I highly recommend this product to any individual that has a moderately sized cache of coins . It virtually pays for itself by omitting use -LRB- and subsequent fee -RRB- of the automated machines at the local chain-stores .
 This coin sorter works well and is fun for kids to do . Did not jam up like the battery ones i have tried .
 If you are looking for a manual coin sorter , this is a good one . I was eager to use this when I received . I poured my coins in -LRB- all silver -RRB- and began to crank the handle . I quickly noticed I put in too many coins so I removed some . Works pretty good once you learn how many coins to put in and how to turn . I turned it medium speed and occasionally it would jam . I just reversed the handle a little and that usually solved the problem . The other problem I had was determining when a wrappper was full . Dimes were the hardest , but once you do several times you can tell . Overall , I recommend this sorter , just be gentle with it .
 So far so good . Happy to have an change counter that does n't rely on batteries . The only reason I did not rate it 5 stars is it 's plastic construction -LRB- will it hold up over time -RRB- and I wish the system could be designed to stop when a tube reaches a full coin count . Sometimes I find myself counting the coins in each tube to verify the count is correct but not having to separate by hand is truly the purpose of this purchase and so far it has been excellent .
 The product is a quick and easy solution to quickly filling rolled coin wrappers with different denominations of coins . It is not , however , reliable in that coins , once filled to the top of a coin wrapper , too often contain an incorrect amount . I did repeated tests of the device , usng an old , pre-scored and wholly accurate set of plastic , Keene brand coin counters -LRB- I believe these are no longer sold on the market -RRB- to judge the accuracy of the product . The device invariably came up short . But , if one uses the product in combination with the Keene brand counter set , it results in an accurate and quick way to count and wrap coins . It is fun to use once you get used to turning the device 's handle slowly , so as not to jam the mechanism with too many coins . The process I used was to use the coin counter device as listed in the instructions , remove a rolled , filled wrapper , dump the contents into the appropriate plastic counter , add , when necessary , addtional coins , then slip the empty , rolled wrapper into the plastic counter , turn the counter upside down and dump the coins back into the wrapper . Once the technique is learned , the coin counting process goes very quickly !
 works great , very minor jamming only if you put to many coins but easy to fix , price is much better than electric .
 I gave this to my son -LRB- 6 yrs -RRB- for xmas and he loved , loved , loved it . He was sorting his money for hours . He loves how it shows how the coins are sorted . It does get jammed a little bit , but we just turn the crank backwards a little and then it works great . I thought of getting him an automatic one , but am so glad I changed my mind.It was his favorite `` toy '' this year !!!!
 This is the one you are looking for . Forget Coinstar and their high prices , this will pay for it 's self in one use .
 Great little machine . Grand kids love to use it . Have had no jams yet with it and I have sorted 2 gallon jars of coins Very pleased with purchase : -RRB-
 I previously had a battery operated coin sorter that I only used about once a year . Every time I went to use it , the batteries would be dead . It seemed like there should be a better solution , then I stumbled across this little beauty . It works great , and more importantly , it works when I want it to and I do n't have to run to the store to buy batteries . I wrapped up $ 250 in loose change in a decent amount of time , without any problems . This is a good product at this price point .
 The Sort N Save home coin sorter works pretty good . It comes assembled , just add the handle . Its not as accurate as I hoped but it sorts pretty good . Sometimes the quarters jump out . I would recommend this product .
 This was a gift for my boyfriend . He loves it . He spent about 2 hours playing with it -LRB- sorting coins -RRB- before work on his birthday . He wanted everyone to try it out .
 As has been said before this is a great coin sorter , much better than its automatic equivalents in the same price range that I 've tried -LRB- Have to include this disclaimer since some people will question how its better than a professional grade automated machine which must cost a lot more . * cough * comment in top review * cough * -RRB- . Note that this coin sorter only will do the most common coins , pennies/nickels/quarters / dimes . Dollar coins and halves will not fit and end up jamming . Removing coins that do n't fit can be a pain.You can fill the holding area somewhat with coins but be sure not to overfill . Most times when a coin rides on top of the carousel and jams you can just reverse the direction for a bit and it will slide right off.As others have said as well , its very effective at sorting coins but does n't work as well with coin holders in the tubes . Overflow and missed coins will skip over the tops of the tubes but the catch tray works well . As with all straight counting tubes there is some error in the tube due to coin condition so you should verify the count after sorting . I actually useMMF Industries Countex II One-Piece Coin Organizing Tray , Sand -LRB- 221611003 -RRB- for accurate coin counting . Its very expensive for a tray but I like how it works with its coin counters offset in 5 's leaving less room for error .
 A little more than I expected or needed but I 'm very pleased . Simple , accurate . Works just fine with the paper coin slips the bank will provide for free .
 I was looking for a coin bank for a 3rd birthday party . Rather than a bank that just lets you put coins in and leave them , I always liked playing with coins.This seemed like a great toy , and the birthday boy loved it . He was having a `` pirate '' themed birthday , so having a load of `` treasure '' to play with worked perfectly.The sorter has sturdy construction , trivial assembly , and a good handle that lets you easily move your coins around . It 's not the fastest sorter in the world , but it also does n't jam up or run out of batteries . The transparent plastic lets you see if a jam is about to happen , so you can reverse-crank for 1/4 turn which clears the offending coin.Once a tube is full , any additional coins of that denomination fall into the overflow tray . Every once in a while , a coin will fall through out the bottom of the sorter , but that might just be because of a toddler using it.This is great as a sorter , and excellent as a gift for a 3-5 year old as they learn about coins and money .
 Love it ! I was able to count out $ 250 of change in under an hour using free coin wrappers I got from my bank ! Highly recommend !
 After reading the bad reviews of the various electric sorters , got this one . It works great . It is also physically larger than I had imagined . However , finding one somewhere in stock was difficult . The delivery time on mine , although promised in 7 to 10 days , was 5 weeks . I almost canceled , but glad I did n't . I did n't order through Amazon because of their advised lengthy delivery time on it . However , I might as well have done so ... would have been about as fast .
 Sorter was on back order so I had to wait for item and that was fine but when it got here we went to work and it worked out great as others have said some coin 's might slip out but no big deal you just put them back . I think it works ! great you might want to look into buying the coin rappers I had so left over and they where a little big to use with this sorter but I just cut them down to fit no big deal .
 This coin sorter is tons of fun . Bought it for my husband at Christmas . NOt good for sorting a whole lot of change at one time , also tends to put pennies in the dime slot from time to time , but overall , pretty good product !
 I tossed a couple handfuls of change in the hopper and turned the crank . Pretty simple . Occasionally the coins would jam but just turning the crank backwards straightens them out . Well worth the money .
 Great product ! It works ! After my 6 year old broke his brand new motorized coin sorter I found this manual crank one . We got it to replace the other one and he loves it ! Very simple construction - gear and crank handle . Easy to operate , less jamming and a huge hopper that can accept more than 10 coins . I would highly recommend this product over any of the motorized ones . It 's definitely worth the coinage !
 We love the Royal Sovereign Sort 'N Save Coin Sorter . When we come home each day we empty our pockets of our loose change and just turn the handle to sort out the coins . Ca n't believe how the money adds up . Great product !!
 When I ordered this device , I questioned whether I would really ever make up the cost of it . I can now say , without a doubt , I 've collected and sorted more than enough change to make up for this purchase . I do n't even know what I used to do with my change before I had this . Now , whenever I get coins back from buying something , I put them in my backpack and every few days , throw them in this sorter . I went to the bank and got a bunch of coin roll papers for free . I even paid for a meal once with a $ 5 roll of dimes !
 This is the handiest gadget I 've bought this year . It does exactly what it claims to do , and does it well and simply.A few notes that no one else mentioned -1 . It only came with four wrappers . You 'll need to buy your own wrappers right away .2 . It chokes on foreign coins . I had some chinese and european money in my change bucket . You have to remove it before pouring it into the hopper . The smaller coins like euro change will be fed into the wrong tubes . The larger coins like 1 Yuan will get stuck in the hopper . You will have to tip the machine upside down to remove them . There is no `` reject '' slot.This machine is fun for everyone , not just the organization freak . I love it .
 This little gadget makes sorting your jar full of coins a breeze , and it 's fun to use too ! My young son loves sorting my collected coins and charges much less than the Coinstar machines at the stores . Coin wrappers are free from the bank , so there 's no added expense .
 Based on what I read about battery-operated sorters jamming all the time , I decided to purchase this one . It 's a great product ! I love the fact that my kids can do it and that it performs as expected . You have to have the coin wrappers that are pre-shaped -LRB- not the flat ones from the bank -RRB- because those work perfectly with this . We ran out of the wrappers that came with the package and so we used the ones from the bank -LRB- they 're free ! -RRB- but they did n't work . Overall , this product is a great buy . I recommend this to everyone .
 I am very pleased with the Royal Sovereign Sort 'N Save Manual Coin Sorter . It is easy to use and makes loose coins neat again . We no longer have piles of coins sitting around . Thank you for a great product .
 My six year old grandson saved all his coins in his piggy bank . Every day he would empty the bank on any available table and recount his money.Some of his money would roll or bounce off of the table onto the floor . First he would recount his money and last he would look for and pick up the coins on the floor . He did not realize some of the coins rolled under some of the furniture and out of sight . I explained this to him and showed where they went . He needed me to move the furniture so he could retrieve his coins . I told him there is a better way and I took him to a friendly Bank Teller who gave him some coin wrappers and demonstrated how to use them . He wrapped his coins when we got home and I told him I would get him a coin counter from Amazon . Now he and his eight year old brother are both using using his Royal Sovereign Sort 'N Save Manual Coin Sorter with glee and not losing any more coins . They both take their wrapped coins to that same friendly Bank Teller .
 bought this for my 92 year old Dad , who does n't spend his coin change . At the end of each day he puts his pocket change in a bowl . I gave him the Royal Sovereign Manual Coin Sorter for his birthday , along with a bag of coin wrappers -LRB- round , formed type -RRB- that I bought at the Dollar Store . He and I had a ball , tossing in coins and turning the crank . Nice that there are no batteries to replace . It works great .
 This sorter works much better than the electric sorter I used to have . The only problem I 've had is when I accidentally included a couple of dollar coins in with the rest of the change .
 Its simple and mechanical , no battery , just a hand crank . Works like a dream and at a very good price .
 This coin sorted worked well . There were occassional jams but when you follow the included instructions to simply reverse the direction of the turning handle the jam cleared immediately . Since the sorter is well made and not electrical , I can assume that there will be no future problems with this model .
 I present to you the Royal Highness of coin sorting , made by Royal Sovereign . All you have to do to sort your coins is dump them in the funnel and turn the crank . No need to charge or replace batteries , no need to worry about jamming . If a coin does jam , all you have to do is turn the crank backwards for a moment.It is true that the dimes and pennies travel so quickly down the chute that they sometimes pass over the paper roll that is supposed to collect them . All you have to do is fashion little backboards and tape them onto those plastic tubes , and the coins will bounce off the backboard and into their tube.It is also helpful to turn the crank slowly to make sure the coins pass into and not over the tubes . Do n't go spinning it until you fall over like a granny on the Price is Right .
 I am very happy with this purchase . It is a waste to get one that runs on batteries since it is effortless to crank the machine . I could put in a large amount of coins and there was no jamming or missed slots . My last machine ran with batteries and constantly jammed and had to be coaxed to run .
 Just started using mine about a week ago and it works great . Sorts out all coins in the approriate slots .
 We have a group at church that donates money to help two sponsored children in other countries . Our members come each week with jars of loose coins . We usually have about $ 80 per month to sort and roll . This coin sorter does just what it says - the coins are quickly sorted into the tubes and ready for wrapping . We found that just occasionally one wrong coin jumps into the neighboring tube , so we have been using it without the rolls to inspect the results before wrapping . Everyone in the family wants to use the sorter because it is an intriguing solution to an age old problem . A nice little bit of inexpensive machinery .
 This coin machine works really great . We also ordered the coin tubes from the same mfg. and that made it work even better and easier.Money well spent !
 I chose this particular coin sorter because of the reviews others had written . It worked just as most had said . I found that using the coin tubes without the paper wrappers gave me a more accurate count and made it easier to see if an occasional coin fell in the wrong tube . The paper wrappers slid easily into the tubes along the edges of the coins by giving the tube a little shake if the paper got stuck . I also found that not filling the coin reservoir with too many at once and rotating the crank slowly helped prevent jams . When a jam happened turning the crank backwards a little worked . I rolled $ 783 and this machine worked great .
 Best coin sorter out there for the price . I love the hand crank and is fun to do with a child . No batteries to worry about . Like other comments , do not crank too fast or put too many coins at once . A slight reverse turn -LRB- go too far and coins go into the large tube -RRB- gets it unstuck . Sorted a years worth of coins -LRB- over $ 100 -RRB- in about 10min . Get the free flat wrappers from the bank and save more money . Round coin wrappers saves maybe 5-10 seconds/tube so not worth the extra cost . Do not waste 9 % at those coinstar machines , do it yourself .
 This counting machine is working great for my families needs . We have one of the very large glass jars that we have been saving coins in for over 7 years . We promised when full , we would take a family trip to Disney . Although , our local bank does count change for free , we wanted to count it with our three kids and enjoy seeing it add up together.The machine has been easy to use for all 3 kids -LRB- ages 10,8,6 -RRB- They take turns , cranking , adding coins , wrapping , and sorting . It has been a great learning tool as well . The machine did get jammed once while counting -LRB- I think , due to the cranking speed of one of the kids -RRB- but , I simply unscrewed 4 screws , moved the stuck coin , put it back together and off we went again . I love the manual aspect which keeps it simple and functional . I would definitely recommend this item to anyone who has a lot of change or needs to count change regularly.I would add , one of the reviews suggested wrapping AFTER the machine has sorted . Yes ! This works great and saves the frustration of coins jumping out . This also allows us to use wrappers from the bank for free which are flat and not preformed . We were able to count our entire jar in about 3 hours over 3 days -LRB- remember kids are involved which slows it down : -RRB-
 I am so glad I bothered to read this product 's reviews ! It worked as advertised right out of the box . The hand crank is the was to go ; I could see the battery/electric model binding up or breaking before you could stop it !
 I have been looking for a coin sorter that is decently priced that does its job and this product is exactly what I have been looking for . No need for batteries or a plug , just turn the handle . sometimes coins will overshoot or land in the wrong slot , however , they are no big problems . the tray catches the overshot coins and you can easily take the misplaced coins and put them in their correct slot .
 i have tried a few of the battery operated coin sorters and none compare to the manual coin sorter . i shoud have tried this one a long time ago.this would have saved me a lot of unwanted grief . i wouldnt trade it for any other type . very efficient . i highly recommend it .
 Excellent ; I purchased a battery coin counter from Brookstone , it was garbage ! This hand cranked unit is perfect , no problems with it at all . Simple , and fun to operate!eric
 This little gadget does do the job pretty well . One small issue was coins missing the tubes , but perhaps that was from turning the crank too fast . One other thing I noticed is that if it binds and you reverse the crank to unbind the coins , there is a good chance you will get a penny in the dime tube , or vice versa.I sorted and wrapped over $ 300 in coins in about an hour and a half . All in all I am pleased with the function of this unit and would recommend it to anyone looking for this type of device.One thing that I need to point out is that after sorting and wrapping all of these , I found out that my bank no longer takes wrapped coins . I thought the bank would only accept them wrapped , so that 's why I purchased this device -LRB- and a box of wrappers -RRB- in the first place . I had no idea it was just the opposite , so if you are planning to do this to take to the bank , you may want to check with them first and see if they take them wrapped . I had to tear all the wrappers off and put the loose coins in a bag so they would accept them.At least I knew the total amount after wrapping them , but this was pretty much a waste of my time and money . Of course that has nothing to do with the product . It is actually a pretty cool little device . I do have to give myself one star though , for not checking with the bank first .
 I received this today and have run a few hundred coins through it . It works rather well for a cheaper coin sorter . The only real drawback is that it tends to jam up , although I found that just slowly running the crank backwards just a little and then forwards will unjam it . I let my 4 year old grand daughter run it and she likes it . I taught her to crank it slowly and how to unjam it , so if she can use this , I 'm sure most of you geniuses will be able to use it too.Pop
 We had tons of change and it was so slow to roll . This works incrediable well if you do n't crank too fast . It 's acutally fun to us .
 After purchasing a number of battery/AC powered sorters that all eventually break , I decided to try this old fashioned crank model . It works and unless I break my arm , it will always operate . Just drop the coins into the large mouth on the top and turn the handle . Coins sort themselves into the various coin wrappers/tubes . Rarely , a coin will miss the tube opening and drop down to the table so you can easily reinsert the coin into the sorter . It has yet to put a coin in the wrong tube . The coin wrapper is full when coins no longer fit -LRB- but you may need to add one more coin to have the exact number of coins for the wrapper -RRB- . I would definately reommend this sorter if you have tried the automatic models and have needed to replace them every so often when they break . The only `` drawback '' is the unit 's size , it does seem to have a slightly larger footprint than automatic models . But that is a small price to pay for reliability and longevity .
 I had reservations about this being hand cranked , but all that was soon forgotten when I started using it . It works very well . The unit was much larger than I expected it to be , however.Occasionally , I 'll get a jam that is easily fixed by rotating the handle backward a few inches . You ca n't rotate too far , because the instructions say you can damage the machine that way . Besides , I never had a jam that a short crank backward did n't fix.Also , it does n't work reliably if you put paper coin tubes in the machine . I always had to allow the plastic collection tubes to fill up , then thread the coin tube down over the stack inside the tube . Not a big deal , but if it reliably fed into the paper tubes , the process would be speeded up even more.As it is , it still sorts quickly and easily . The hopper is large and can hold a lot , which speeds things up . The unit is sturdily constructed and seems as if it will last for many years.It does have its faults , but it is still far better than any other coin sorter in its price class .
 This sorter well suits my needs for home use . Operated properly , it sorts accurately , unlike my old battery-operated sorter . It works best if you crank it at a fairly slow speed . Too-fast cranking can cause jams and coins coming out too fast and sometimes missing the tubes.Another reviewer has noted that the coin counts may come up one short in the tubes . I 've had this happen sometimes too though stack size problems seem to arise mainly from bent and/or smashed coins -LRB- not the fault of this sorter -RRB- . I 've also found that if a preformed coin wrapper is placed in the plastic sort tubes , it may affect how smoothly coins fall into the tube and stack up . I decided to let the coins fall directly into the clear plastic receiver tubes , which are smoother and a bit larger in diameter than the paper wrapper tubes . This seems to work fairly smoothly . As regards the coin count , I usually count the coins in the tube before transferring to the paper wrapper tube.All in all , I 'm happy with this sorter and would recommend it to others for casual home use . If I were using a sorter for a retail business where I needed to sort large volumes of coins on a regular basis , I would consider a more expensive powered commercial-grade sorter , as I would assume they would yield greater speed and accuracy.Shipping from Amazon was expeditious as usual .
 This product has been very helpful to me in counting my change . I bought this manual machine on the recommendations of others and it works well for me . At times coins do pop out of the machine , but this is a little thing . I would definitely recommend it to others . This is so much easier than trying to count change and put it into the wrappers yourself .
 This product works great ! I bought coin rolls from Walmart that fit the tubs and they work great too . It does not jam very much and is very easy to use . We rolled about $ 200 dollars worth of coins in an hour . I recommend this !
 This coin sorter is unlike the normal electronic ones.a . You crank it.b . The coins may get stuck and you just crank it slow , or reverse it for a second.c . The coins may miss the coin tube and it just falls out onto your table to use again.d . There is a small change that a coin may end up in the wrong slot . Just take it out and continue.e . It ai n't sexy , it just works.This is a great product . Simply easy , hassle free and the kids like it . I have had several electronic ones in the past and I like this one the best . Well constructed too !
 Good value for the price , tends to jamb and spit coins out the front , a 1/4 '' shim under the front feet seems to cure that , tends to short count , check before you wrap .
 This coin sorter works a lot better than any other one I have used . The crank is easy to turn and the coins go to the right slot 99 % of the time . They will hit the wrong slots if the crank is being turned to quickly . I would recommend this product to any one trying to sort coins quickly and effectively .
 What a blast . This thing really works . I sorted $ 152 in less than 30 minutes.I used the folded coin wrappers from the bank so it took me a little longer toget used to wrapping the coins . But , those wrappers are free.Just crank slowly . If it gets stuck , gently crank backwards . A few coinsmiss the slot but you can just drop them in the correct slot or toss them back intothe sorter . For each coin type I counted the correct number of coins for a roll andthen put them back in the tube marked the level on the tube . Now every roll has the right numberof coins .
 I would say this is about 95 % efficient . The other 5 % representing coins that missed the coin tube which is not a big deal at all . The coins simply fall through the machine or lay behind the coin tubes and you can easily re-insert those coins so there 's very low hassle involved with the other 5 % . I use to always take my change to coinstar , but now that I have this , I 'm willing to bet that this will pay for itself within a couple of months ! Love the fact that it requires no power ! Highly recommended if you like to keep your change .
 Each coin slot works great . Penny slot , sometimes do n't go in right and falls over at the bottom of the front cover , but you can always pick it back up and try again . =-RRB- It does n't really happen all the time , maybe 1 out of every 10 pennies so its not a problem . Overall , this sorter works better than any other sorter I have owned .
 We had over $ 300 of change to sort out from years of tossing coins into our jar at the end of the day . No bank would count it for us and the counting machines in stores charge 10 % ! First , we bought a battery driven sorter , but it was either freezing up or sending the wrong coins to the wrong slots ! We never got a single coin envelope filled ! We returned it and ordered this item . This hand cranked sorter is everything the other reviewers have raved over . It is very accurate and fast . It refuses dollar coins , souvenir coins or foreign coins ! Because of several reviewer 's concerns over just how full the tubes need to be , we counted out the first round of coins and marked the tubes . The only trick is inserting the column of coins into those flattened coin envelopes the bank gave us . We got it down , but I would recommend the preformed envelopes .
 OK , so it does n't COUNT 100 % accurately , but it does sort the coins accurately unless you turn the handle backwards to clear a jam.Go to your bank , get FREE coin wrappers , remove the supplied wrappers from the tube and use only the plastic tube . Fill each tube to the top , there is a molded `` ridge '' around the perimeter of the tube , fill to this line . Take one of your FREE wrappers , open it , insert it into the plastic tube , turn the tube upside down and the coins will flow into the wrapper . After double checking this method , and actually counting the coins three times for each coin type , I sorted and wrapped over 500 dollars worth of coins . Today I took the coins to the bank , there were only 3 wrappers that were short a coin , all pennies ! No overages.More than paid for itself as opposed to using coinstar
 Very happy with the product . Paid for itself in the first use , one of the coinstar counting machines would have cost me the price of this device . Easy to use does n't jam up , will every once and a while get stuck just turn the other way for a second and you are back in business .
 For the price , this is a very good deal . It sorts perfect . The only thing I do when a roll is full is that I check the weight of the roll on a small scale using grams . Then , I can add or take off a coin to get to the correct amount . I guess once you know the exact level to go to , you will not need to check the weight of the rolls when full . When it jams , all you have to do is reverse the turning direction a tiny bit and then continue .
 I purchased one of these a few years ago , and it was probably the best Coin Sorter I had . Even if you accidentally mix random things with your pile of coins -LRB- like paper clips , larger coins , etc. -RRB- it sorts it out . Kids seem to enjoy it as well . The only drawback is that you can not crank the handle too fast and that if the paper that holds the coin gets folded , you have to try to even it out , or use a new one . At the most part , this machine is pretty accurate .
 My oldest daughter has been collecting coins for her `` Disney Fund '' , raiding drawers , pockets , and purses for a few years now . I have been pondering how to sort this giant bucket of metal for some time and settled on this product . In two short days , all have been sorted and rolled properly with little incident.You ca n't turn the handle really fast , and it says on the crank that , in the event of a jam , turn the handle back 180 degrees . This normally resolved the issue.I do agree with the review stating that if you use the rolls , occasionally you will end up a coin short , but it 's not a big deal to leave the rolls off until the coins are even with the top of the coin tube and then slide the roll over it.In all , a good and inexpensive product that my 6 and 3 year old have been able to operate and have even had fun in the process .
 This product works perfectly for the one who is tired of looking at the jars of change accumulating around their home . I had all my change wrapped and ready for the bank in about an hour . -LRB- I had lots of change ! -RRB- I would not recommend this sorter for commercial use , but it is absolutely perfect for home use . My spare change paid for this machine several times over already !
 I rolled $ 500 worth of coin with this roller with no major issues . It jams occasionally , but you reverse the handle and then continue . Sometimes its tough to get the ` flat paper ' cover from the bank over the coins . But that is not a design issue with the machine . Its just hard to get them round . The round rolls work almost flawlessly in the tubes . A few coins are rogue and flow over the collection tubes , but a low percentage . Works great !
 Our old battery operated coin sorter finally died and it never worked that great . I decided to buy one that did n't take batteries and this does the job well . You can see if any coins get stuck and no more batteries ! Just do n't put too many coins in the top at one time or they may get stuck . Give the job to the kids and it keeps them occupied .
 This is the first coin sorter I have ever purchased . It works great . You must put in the coins in small incriments to avoid jams . Otherwise , works perfectly and is kind of fun .
 This is the best coin counter that I have ever used . We had two battery operated ones previously , but they were both built cheaply . This one works without flaw so far .
 Arrived extremely quickly . It is fun to use sure a few coins do n't go in but just drop it back in turn the handle and 98 percent of the time you will have no problem . Coins have always seemed to drop into the right compartment . I would suggest this product to anyone .
 I enjoy this machine . It works well , sorts accurately , and does n't jam if you crank it slowly . It does drop a lot of pennies for some reason , but they are easy to put right back into the sorter -LRB- or directly into the coin roll as it only seems to do this with pennies and in this sense has already sorted them -RRB- .
 Product works just as the description and other reviews say it will . Fantastic ! It is quick , efficient , and inexpensive ... great buy !
 Perfect for home use . Since it is hand cranked you have more control . When it jams ; it 's easy to back off so , it wo n't slow you down too much . I recommend this over a cheap electric counter . Either get an expensive counter or go with a hand crank counter . As a hand crank counter I found this one to be well made and fun to use . Kind of addicting . When I get the right coin mixture and it is working nice and smooth ; it can be kind of hypnotic . Anyways , hope that helps.Oh , we also recommend getting a device that closes the ends of your coin tubes like the bank does . We found one that does it by hand .
 Now I love getting change back ! This coin sorter is VERY easy to use . We 've rolled about $ 150.00 so far . We do have a scale and weigh the finished rolls for complete accuracy . The bank gives me the empty rolls free . Highly recommend it !
 This sorter works well-it was very easy to set up and use . There are a few cautions ; make sure the paper coin holder tops are perfectly round , not crimped over . You also can not sort a lot a massive amount of coins at once , but that did not bother us . We found it to be just want we wanted .
 This was a very good investment I made . Sorts out coins very efficiently . No batteries , fun to use and very quick.Cons
 This is a terrific product for sorting coins -- very easy to operate , does n't jam and is fun to use . Do n't be fooled by it 's toy-like appearance -- it does it 's job cleanly and efficiently . -LRB- All of the battery operated units that I 've tried are n't worth the frustration that they tend to produce with their various mechanical issues ... -RRB- Only issue is that my model is occasionally 1 coin off for nickels , dimes and quarters , so I 'm compelled to recount each roll ... My solution is to simply use this product as a sorter , not use paper wrappers in the clear tubes , count my perfectly sorted coins with this product : PM Company SecurIT Counter Change Tray , 9.75 x 7.625 x 1.625 Inches , Beige , 1 per Box -LRB- 05025 -RRB- and manually load the correct amounts into the free paper rolls that my bank gives to me -LRB- I 'm too cheap to purchase paper coin wrappers -- why buy something that I can get for free ? -RRB- -- Maybe a little more cumbersome because it 's a three step process for me , but well worth it because I know that each and every roll that I produce is accurate . -LRB- Plus , I get to eye each coin as I 'm handling them -- have found a few pretty interesting & rare coins that otherwise would have missed ... -RRB- I would highly recommend this product for anyone who needs to economically sort lots of coins .
 I found this produect very useful and a great time saver.All in all it is an excellent product.Occasionally a coin will miss the slot but that is a very minor problem.The most efficient way to use this sorter is to purchase tubular coin wrappers . I do not recommend flat wrappers as you would have to transfer the coins from the slots . Round wrappers can be put directly into the unit , filled and closed on the one end.I was able to wrap all my coins in about 15 minutes . Would have taken me hours by hand .
 I received my machine promptly and with NO damage ! It works great and seems like it will last a long time . I read tons of reviews and looked at units up too $ 200 but this is all I need for my house . I come home , empty my pockets , and watch my bank roll build LOL Its fun , kinda cool and every one wants to use it . All of the electronic models seemed cheaply made . I recommend , buy it now ! Oh btw , I let my coins fall into the empty , clear tubes and then transfer them to the paper rolls . Only so that I can occasionally count to make sure the amount is accurate but Ive have no problems . Let it fill to the top and your probably good !!
 Great little machine . Hardly ever jams and easy to clear if it does . Much better than battery opreated one I had before . It 's much quieter and you can go at your own pace . Very good value ... highly recommended .
 i am pleased with the coin counter . it works well . sometimes the coin does n't go in the tube but that is no problem . also i use the paper wrappers and have no trouble getting the coins to go in . it also came very soon after i ordered it . shirlee larotonda
 My bank had just informed me that they no longer count change locally , they take the change and send it downtown?Well that was annoying so I looked at alternatives , it came down to this coin sorter . The key to this sorter is its simplicity . No cords of chargers to connect.I must add that it does not nail the count accurately every time , usually it will be correct but every few rolls it is short 1 or 2 coins.A great way to handle this is to purchase a scale -LRB- electronic , oh well -RRB- that you can proof your roll on . As an example a roll of correctly filled Quarters weighs 8.0 ounces , exactly every time . If your roll comes in at 7.8 ounces you learn quickly your short 1 quarter.This may seem to defeat the purpose but actually if want to be 100 % accurate and not second guess any sorter you will end up with a scale , which can be used for other situations -LRB- mailing -RRB- . The grand kids think this is too much fun and run in the house to plsy with this for the first half hour they get here ...
 Given all the Pros and Cons ... this was an excellent purchase . I was able to process about $ 480 worth of assorted coins in about three to four hours . This machine was consistent in its operation . Sure , some coins missed and had to be placed back into the hopper ... who cares ! I placed a towel under the machine and easily scooped up the coins , put them back into the hopper , and carried on . So , working with that made things go well . If you are looking for perfection then buy one of the $ 1000 models ; and I bet they occasionally screw up too ! The hand crank is great as you can vary the speed to suit the situation ; depending on the coins being processed . Mixed coins worked well where Quarters -LRB- largest -RRB- crank fastest and dimes -LRB- smallest -RRB- were slowest ; I do not know why but that 's the way it went . Yes , sometimes a full hopper processed okay , and sometimes only a half hopper worked . Loading the machine a handful at a time was perfect . After about an hour , things went really smoothly . Make sure that the coins are only Quarters , Dimes , Nickels , and/or Pennies ; dollar coins will jam but are easy enough to remove.All in all , money well spent .
 This is a great coin sorter . Stop getting screwed by fees at the coin star -LRB- unless you do n't have a bank account -RRB- . I was hesitant just like anybody else because it 's plastic and has a handle but actually that 's a plus .
 I Thought this worked amazingly awesome . I honestly might even get more so i can hand them out for presents . When i started to use it i said O.M.G. .
 I really like this when compared to my problematic electronic one . You can go at your own pace and my grandkids love sorting out their coins . Good shopping experience .
 Works great ! My only disappointment was that it did n't come with any spare coin rolls . However , once i purchased those everything worked out fine . .
 I picked this up because throwing change in a jar does not sort out the quarters for laundry runs . I was a little leery about the all-plastic design , but felt it stood a better chance of holding up than an automatic sorter with a motor.The hand crank turns easy , and the coins do sort with speed and accuracy . It 's the perfect coin sorter for my home needs , and my kids think it 's fun too.I would n't buy this for business reasons , but it 's sturdy enough for years of use at home .
 Got to my house within a couple days . Coins dont always fall into the roll but it works . I got this to sort coins for my cash drawer at my retail store . Wouldnt have a use for it otherwise .
 This money sorter is really great . I bought for my husband for a birthday gift . I had been looking for a while . There are some really expensive ones out there . This one does just what it says it will do . Highly recommend !
 My son once asked what I was going to do with all those jars of coins ? I told him he would probably take them to his house right after my funeral ! j/king , of course . He bought me a battery powered coin sorter from our favorite `` big box '' retailer and that machine quickly drained power from the batteries , finally not working at all.Two years later , I decided to check the reviews here at Amazon and went for the Royal Sovereign MS-1 , referencing the good reviews it brought.I could n't believe how quickly I received it from Amazon ! The third day , I beleive . UPS delivered it late in the day and with many interruptions , I had counted out at least $ 225 in about fours hours.You do n't need any wrappers but the ones you get at the bank . RS sends a few . Remove the plastic tube after they are full and start the wrapper into the plastic tube . After a little practice , you can fit , by `` jiggling '' the bank wrapper into the plastic tube provided to count the coins . Just get the first few coins into the wrapper , work back and forth a little and `` presto '' , the coins begin sliding into the wrapper . It takes a little patience , but the bank wrappers fit between the outside of the coins and the inside of the plastic and with practice , you can do it very easily . If the end of the wrapper gets a bit crimped , then turn it around . Of course , the better you `` round '' the ends , the better they fit . You do not have to `` buy '' wrappers.The complaint about coins jumping out of the machine just is not a problem . Pick them up and put them back into the hopper !!! The machine jams a bit , but just back the handle crank backward , then begin again -LRB- small matter once again -RRB- . I love this thing !!!
 This is a great item if know what to expect before hand.It works great if you :1 . Do n't overfill the hopper .2 . Slowly back up the handle if you have a jam .3 . If any of the coins do n't land in the stacks just toss them back up in the hopper .4 . Count the coins after the stack is full . It was never right . Always off by at least one coin . But I do not find to be a problem as the part I hate is sorting the coins!But DO NOT be discouraged by the above . I got this for Father 's Day for my husband . He and the kids had the best time sorting his change . They had over $ 60 in changed sorted , counted , and wrapped up ready to go to the bank in less than 10 minutes ! Then they went through the house trying to find more coins to sort ! And the best part is you can use preformed wrappers or or none at all in the machine . IF you do n't use a wrapper in the machine you can use the flat ones you get from the bank by just sliding the coins out of the plastic holder that the machine sorts into and sliding the coins into the flat wrapper from the bank and that saves you money.Now when my husband comes home he just drops all of his pocket change in to the hopper and no more ugly tin cans everywhere with change in them !
 I just bought this and used it to roll over 100 rolls of coins in the last 2 days . It works great . I had only 1 jam , which was easily resolved by removing everything and giving the sorter a good shake to allow the jammed coin to fall out . The only negative is the pennies sometimes come out so fast they miss their tube , but as long as you leave space on the table for those loose coins , it 's not a real problem .
 No more getting my fingers stuck in an automatic coin sorter ! With this sorter I 've found that if some coins get stuck I can just back the machine up a little bit by rotating the handle in the opposite direction and then continue sorting .
 The Royal Sovereign manual coin sorter is a good product . I bought one back in Jan 2008 , so I 've been using it for 7 months now . Occasional , it will drop a dime into the penny column -LRB- 2 occurrences after sorting $ 200 worth of coins -RRB- . Also , when I first used it , it was obvious I needed to modify the coin catchers as coins would frequently miss the catcher and drop down the front . Do n't put the coin wrappers in the catchers . A quick fix was to put painters tape half-way around the catchers , thus making a backboard . Have n't had any coins miss since . I have yet to jam it , but I only drop a handful of coins into the hopper at a time . Best part ... no batteries ; will work for a lifetime.Its quick and easy to sort coins . I would highly recommend this product .
 After reading many reviews of automated and manual sorters , I went with the Royal Sovereign Sort 'N Save -LRB- MS-1 -RRB- . Actually sorted through over $ 400 worth of coins and it did a pretty good job . You have to turn the handle slowly or it jams , but it totally beats counting all that out without one !! Definitely worth the price !
 After reading other reviews I decided not to get a battery operated sorter because of the hassle of batteries and jambing . I am so happy I opted for this machine . Although I immediately jambed it and thought `` oh , oh '' , I realzed I just went too fast . Simply had to reverse direction and bingo no more clog . I do n't think you can reverse on battery machines . I doubt if any other sorter could work any faster or more efficient . This sorter works like a charm . It 's even fun ! I intend on purchasing more of these for xmas presents . Make sure you get the pre-formed wrappers as they definitely enhance the procedure . Wish I had more coins . No , I do n't have money invested in this company but I know it sounds like it .
 Great little machine ! The only thing I do n't like is that you ca n't tell when you 've got the right amount of coins in the roll . But , the bank ends up counting them anyway ... so you may just be off a coin or two . I 'd buy it again .
 Very nice . Works well and sorted the money even while my 5-year old grandson was working the bank .
 Way better than the electronic sorters you get for the same price . The coins sort very quickly with ease and jams are infrequent . The few times a coin has jammed I quickly tick the crank in the opposite direction before continuing without any further complications . I purchased this as a birthday gift for my boyfriend who always has change lying around the house . It works much better than the other sorter we had in which the coins ran down a track and were constantly jammed or smaller coins would go into larger rolls . Good value for the money and very easy to use .
 This thing is the best coin sorter that I ever used . It works really well and is very easy to use . My 3 yr old can use it and he loves it : -RRB-
 simple & easy to use . My only beef is that sometimes a single coin gets stuck in the sorter , but not big deal .
 It did everything I expected it to do and was very easy to use . Glad I did not spend more money for bells and whistles .
 had a fancy one that jammed all the times . This one is simple but does he job very well .
 This is the best coin sorter that I have ever owned . I owned a battery operated one and that broke , and I have been without a coin sorter for a few months until I found this one . This product does what it says . You pour the coins in and crank the handle . The coins shoot out into the tubes . You can use with the coin wrappers in or without . It does what it says without any fuss ! I am quite pleased .
 Major PROs : Most of the battery-powered coin sorters miss one very important feature - able to reverse the sorting wheel to loosen the jammed coins . Because of that , it often burn the battery-powered motor - or , waste me more time to open machine to loosen the coins.This machine is hand powered - you can simply reverse the rotation and loosen the jammed coins . it immediately improves the overall time and quality of sorting process.Minor Cons : If you have $ 1 coins or foreign coins , they will stay in the sorting chamber . It is impossible to open the sorting chamber and get them out . I have to put the machine up-side-down to get them out . I wish the top of the chamber can be taken down so that I can get those foreign coins or $ 1 coins out easily .
 Bought this based on previous reviews . Perfect.Rolled 2000 various coins in an hour by myself , with bank-supplied flat wrappers.Two minor cons
 My only gripe is that if you really stare at this unit , you will think that it should sell for about $ 20 or $ 25 because it really is like a sturdy plastic toy.But the performance makes up for the price difference . It works great , and is actually fun to use . A word about coin wrappers . After hunting around the dollar store and looking online , it is hard to find penny or dime tubular wrappers without having to buy more than you need in bulk . So I use the flat wrappers now . I 'm good at transferring the roll into the wrappers . The flat wrappers are free from the bank and I have a rubber stamp with my account number , which makes it easy to stamp them first then fill them up.If you use tubular wrappers , you 'll need to write out your account number on each roll , which is a bit of a pain . You 'll need to shop and spend money on the tubular rolls also .
 I have tried a few coin sorters , and of all of the sorters intended and priced for home use , this was the best . This one jams far less and misplaces coins far less that any of my previous battery-operated units . Also because there is a crank and no engine , there is less to go wrong ... and you can reverse the direction of the sorter wheel to clear out jams - very important ! Be sure to use round -LRB- not folded flat -RRB- coin wrappers . I highly recommend this sorter to anyone who is not spending several hundred $ $ on a commercial unit .
 I 've used all types of coin sorters for many years , from manual to battery-operated , and they always jammed or sorted wrong or just plain did n't work . The simple Sort 'N Save is so easy to use and so flawless , I wonder why it took me so long to find it . As others have said , if a minor jam occurs , a slight back-wind on the handle fixes it . I had very few jamming problems . A slow and steady turn of the handle efficiently sorted piles of coins into their wrappers very quickly . The overflow tray is a thoughtful addition ; I just pick up those coins and toss them back into the hopper . Kudos to Royal Sovereign for a great product !
 this product is very good . even though you have to count along as you crank , it moves very quickly . i found it easier to use it without the wrapper , then insert the correct amount of coins into the wrapper when they are all counted .
 I noticed a number of recent postings about problems , so I thought I 'd just weigh in . I 've had this unit , purchased from Amazon , since October 2010 . It replaced a battery operated one that I tired of fixing , shaking , knocking - just to get it to turn . The Royal Sovereign cranks smoothly , and quickly sorts a handful of coins into their wrappers . Any coins that hit the edge and jump are easily retrieved by opening the front drop-down . Some care in the replacement of paper wrappers - smoothing edges , ensuring that they sit firmly , etc. - avoids most coin jumping . And cranking smoothly - not in a hurry - helps sort a large number of coins in a short amount of time -LRB- just relax ! -RRB- . I looked this back up on Amazon.com actually to order 4 more for grown kids who are out of the house and for whom saving incidental daily coins will be an easy and fun way to save up modest amounts . I use my $ 10 quarter rolls to gift them gas and toll money when they visit!Very happy with the quality and operation of this unit , and so nice not to hear that loud motor grind when sorting !
 I 've gone through a few battery powered coin sorters & have come to find that it is not the way to go.This particular sorter does away with all the gimmicks & gets to the root of practicality & function.You will not be displeased or disappointed with this purchase which of course pays for itself with sanity .
 does what it is supposed to do with no jams and it feels sturdy . the coins all fall within the expected slot
 this is a very nice little gadget , work very well , very happy with the buy just make sure u fill the tube to the max when the coin on the top of the tube fall out or u be missing one coin once in a while .
 This coin sorter is a good value for the money . The downside is
 This is my third coin sorter and so far the best in terms of practicality . The previous two were a battery powered one and then a AC powered version . The problem with those were that the motors eventually failed probably due to accumulated dirt from the coin sorting process . The good thing about this coin sorter is that it 's clear so you can see if lint , paper clips , and other things have made their way into the sorter . Most other coin sorters are opaque so you do n't know what made it 's way in . The crank is easy to operate and should n't be a reason not to consider this . Also cranking makes a lot less noise than the buzzing of the motorized models . The only nuisance to this sorter is that if it 's on a slanted surface or you crank too fast the coins can miss the tubes and slip out the front . Otherwise a good machine .
 sorter works great and I really should have bought this earlier . This is the first sorter I have used so I have nothing to compare it to , however I ca n't find many flaws with the product.Only complaints I have are minor :1 -RRB- Front door -LRB- which covers the coin rolls -RRB- tends to fall open . A small piece of velcro on the door should solve that .2 -RRB- the last coin per roll -LRB- which would fill the coin roll -RRB- sits flush with the top of the tube . This is great for knowing when the roll is full but will cause a coin to skip over the top of the tube once in a while dropping out of the machine rather than falling into the appropriate tube . Not a big deal at all , just pick the coin up , take the tube out , and put the coin in the roll before wrapping it.Last `` complaint '' if you can call it that is the appearance of the item . I would have preferred to have the product be black rather then clear/blue as it would look a bit more professional , but I ca n't complain for the price .
 This coin sorter works great and never jams seriously . A simple back turn on the handle and you 're back in business . Fast and easy . Even my six and nine year old grandkids can work it with no problems . I do n't think it would be the best for a business that constantly used it , but it certainly is reliable for home and occasional use .
 I received this product promptly and in great condition . Great gift for someone that is hard to shop for . Works great . Thanks .
 I gave this as a gift to my 5 year old nephew . He loves it !! And so does his little brother . Great item .
 Great chair ! We have Aeron chairs at work and so am familiar with them . I wanted one for home use and found that the prices from the Amazon vendors were competitive . Amazon does n't sell the polished version , so I got it from the Backstore through amazon . The chair came in perfect condition , brand new from the factory and was still in original wrapping . Was afraid it might be used , but no worries . The chair itself is gorgeous in polished aluminum and the posture fit feels better than the regular lumbar support that we have at work . The leather arm rest are nicer too , but do n't know its longevity . I wonder if that 's why they sell replacement armrests here at amazon . Overall great price and service . If you like the Aeron , its safe to order from amazon .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 I recently got one and i 'm pretty satisfied so far . Features of this include :1 . Word of the day -LRB- random word everytime you turnon -RRB- .2 . Super-jump -LRB- jump to definition of any word in the screen -RRB- .3 . dictionary < - > thesaurus switch given a word4 . wrong spelling suggestion5 . word finder -LRB- by using ? or * characters -RRB- . '' ? '' will match any character . '' * '' will match any one or more characters . ie , `` an ? '' will match `` and , ant , any , etc `` 6 . Organizer -LRB- clock , address book , Calculator , Converter , Currency -RRB- 7 . It has exercises -LRB- Spelling bee , SAT , flashcards -RRB- 8 . It has 7 games -LRB- anagrams , hangman , jumble , word builder , word train , link four , tictactoe9 . 5-language translator10 . Display has 3 font option -LRB- small , large , medium -RRB- . Given that it 's less than $ 50 , it 's a pretty good product . The display is OK and readable -LRB- do n't compare it to colored back-lit LCD screen -RRB- . It does n't have backlight bec it 's powered by 2 CR2032 battery . Keys are good . Dictionary content is the typical Webster book -LRB- not the heavy and thick one -RRB- . Do n't expect all known words to exist .
 I did n't know , when ordering Merriam-webster Dictionary , Thesaurus and Reference Suite that the Webster Collegiate was also available . Merriam-webster gives definitions BUT NOT ETYMOLOGIES . That was a big disappointment for me . I also wanted the full , collegiate vocabulary . On the other hand , the `` M-w . '' is small , light-weight , has an excellent thesaurus & complete definitions . The spell checker & reference features are handy . I really liked the crossword helper . All these `` extras '' did not make up for the lack of etymologies & collegiate vocab . for me . M-w . 's a good tool . It just depends on what you need .
 I have found this product invaluable to me in my reading . I look up every word with which I am not familiar and then add it to my `` word list '' . I then try to review the word list at least once per day , committing at least one word to memory . I try to keep my list under 25 words.The bad thing about this dictionary is that is not complete . It 's very frutrating not having a word 's definition available.Overall , however , I am very pleased with this product . I am currently on disability for a back injury and read 2-3 books per week so this has a real learning tool for me .
 I keep mine beside my favorite reading chair . For the price , this dictionary does a great job . It is super easy to use and has several neat features . I would recommend this product .
 This product has been working perfectly since it was delivered ! It is a great replacement for the big paper dictionaries and thesaurus and , while not complete -LRB- no paper or electronic dictionary is -RRB- , it has more than 85 % of definitions for words searched for . It is very user-friendly , battery-efficient and light-weight . I recommend it .
 Easy to use and fast , but I wish the screen was was black on white and of higher resolution instead of the more difficult to read blue on green .
 I will make this review short and to the point . I bought this unit for my wife to use while she reads . I have used it quite a lot myself.This unit does everything it says it will do and does it well . It is easy to use , seems rather well built and as to functionality , we are both quite please with it . The directions provided are quite clear and concise and it does not take long to learn to navigate . It does not have as an extensive vocabulary as we would like but for the price - it will do . The keyboard is easy to use and not too small when you consider the size . The navigational buttons are easy to use.The one objection we both have is the screen . There of course is no backlighting . -LRB- I know , I should have read the product description more closely . -RRB- The screen is extremely difficult to read . Both my wife and I are a bit long in the tooth and our eyes are not of those of an 18 year old anymore . The screen does have a glare on it and you have to manipulate it just right , depending upon the light source and its position , in order to read the thing . The screen acts more like a mirror than anything else . This is rather annoying.I would give this thing five stars were the screen better . To be frank , the next one I buy , and there will be another for sure , will be researched a bit better than this one.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 GREAT Quality/Price and Delivery . The product is all it says it is ! Keys are a good size and the database is detailed and complete . Thank you .
 I needed a small , convenient dictionary beside my reading chair . This is very good . I also enjoy the word games .
 This electronic dictionary is a great buy and the response time by this seller was great and I will definitely buy from this seller again .
 I got this for Christmas because I was tired of my daughter asking me how to spell words.She carries this thing in her back pack - and is so much easier than toting more books .
 Makes even very hard crossword puzzles fun to do . Do n't know what I did without it .
 I bought this item -LRB- Franklin electronic dictionary -RRB- as part of an 8th grade graduation gift for my grandaucghter . She said she liked it and it would come in handy in High School next year .
 I love this product , I used to read and just skip the words I didnt know because I couldnt stand flipping through the dictionary every time I wanted to know one . Just lightly press the keys and you have your definition . The only downside I can think of is it doesnt have the definitions for sort of obscure literary terms such as allophone , but this is a minor fault as it usually has the word Im searching for.As to the dark screen complaints , I actually prefer it as it is easy on the eyes , unlike the glaring comp/cellphone screen.Edit
 This item was a gift for our 11 year old grand daughter . She absolutely loved it . Price was fair and delivery just as expected .
 No backlight LED for night time use but other than that amazing . I take it with me everywhere .
 I received the Franklin Dictionary and Thesaurus Organizer and am enjoying using it very much . It is very handy when writing a letter or paper . It has been great for quick research of words .
 It is good , but the translation feature is not as strong as the dictionary . the screen should have illumination .
 Bought this for my wife and she loves it . I tried it out a few times and was quite impressed . It has a lot of words .
 I purchased this for my writing and it has come in so handy ... I love it !
 I allways have got a dictionary or theasauros close to me when i work.Franklin is at my thoughts the best option for this purpose
 The dictionary is pretty good . I have gifted it to my brother . it works good and he is well satisfied . it does not pronounce the word but for this price it is worthed .
 I very much enjoy using my franklin MWD-1490 dictionary ... I take it everywhere I go ... Love the games as well.However it has no backlight so you can only use it if there 's light around and there are certain programs in it that are hard to use , if you make a mistake in your typing there 's no way of deleting w / some of the programs .
 I am using this all the time for college classes . I highly recommend this resource .
 I thoroughly enjoy the handy reference , quick dictionary , and translator . Compared to similar products , the Franklin MWD-1490 holds the largest volume of dictionary entries . I 've also found many German and Italian words that I 've needed translated from scholarly works . There have been several occasions where English words as well as foreign have not been found in this products 300,000 English dictionary . However , from what I 've researched , it is currently the best product in its category on the market.What I did not appreciate about this product is that when I placed it in my cart on Dec 27 , 2007 it cost $ 36.99 Two days later , it jumped up $ 7 . By the time I 'd checked out on Jan 9th , it increased to $ 49.99 . This seems like false pricing or underhanded business tactics unjustified by rapid inflation . However , it is the first time I 've come across this situation . I 'll probably check the blogs to see if anyone else has met with similar situations .
 It does not have the `` Bookman III expansion card slot , USB connectivity '' as stated . However , for the money it 's a best buy .
 This dictionary is good for school . It has a cover and hence less inclined to be damaged by a packed backpack . The collections of definitions could be more comparing to a lot of translator in the market .
 I do a lot of writing on my computer . Always having to search for the word in a dictionary , and than having to find my glass 's -LRB- I am always laying them in different places -RRB- before I could even see what I was looking for , and finding that some of the dictionaries did not have some words and others did , well , it was a big hassle.The electronic dictionary makes it so simple , easy and fast . The wording is large enough to see without searching for the glass 's . Also the Thesaurus is nice in a pinch . The compact design makes it small enough to slip into my purse if I am going to be going anywhere with my laptop . Overall a great product , easy to use and at a reasonable price . I would recommend this product .
 i use my dictionary when i go to barnes and noble . it 's a great help to understand obscure words . although , i must say , there are some `` really '' off the wall words that ca n't be found . but over all , i 'm very pleased with the product .
 Our son carries this to school every day . It helps him with his German class as well as his writing . It 's much more appealing than a stack of reference books for a teenager .
 I must use this device five to ten times a day ! It is the handiest `` word gizmo '' I 've ever seen or used . I especially like the Thesaurus section . I write many things and do not like repeating the same word over and over again . I highly recommend it to anyone who writes a lot or a little .
 better than I expected . My son uses it for school and he loves it .
 I find the Franklin MWD 1490 electronic Reference Set to be quite helpful . I have only found a couple of words out of a dozen or so that it could not define so far . Overall a good value for the money .
 Very impressed with all its function and the ease of use . Would recommend it to anyone needing this type of dictionary .
 I took this one to gift it to my dad ... nice and sleek ... its shows the meaning of all most all the words ... but no taboo words ... i say its not just for ur kids gift it to any one u want ... they will like it ...
 Good buy ! This is much better than having to haul a heavy dictionary around . The language features also come in handy .
 I bought this for my cousion , and she like that product very much and happy with it.You can search all most every word but what i did n't like is the `` Screen '' . The screen is not so good but its ok.Rest all is fine , games are also good .
 Absolutely love this product . I keep it with me at all times . An amazing little gadget and I do n't ever want to be without it !
 Works good . No issues . Very helpful . Very Handy & convenient.Haven ' t found a word that does not exist in this gadget.Great for kids for school home work on spelling or meanings , parts of speech etc. . Invaluable companion for children & adults while reading a book . As an improvement , I would like to see better display , fonts & better content formatting . But that is merely cosmetic .
 This little dictionary/thesaurus and language translator is pretty good for its price . If you ever had an electronic dictionary of this brand maybe eight years ago , it is very similar . The great additions is that is has a five-language translator , geographical dictionary , biographical dictionary , and grammar help . It 's convenient and light . My only complaint might be that some of the definitions are a bit lackluster.Overall , a pretty good scholarly companion !
 good product . I wish the quality be a little more durable than what it is right now . But it is still an awesome product . Will recommend it .
 This is an excellent product . I would recommend for other peolple to buy , it easy to use .
 I 've used a Frankin pocket electronic dictionary for years . I wore it out . This new one has many additional and useful features not in the old one .
 I really love my HP Business Consultant - even though I do n't use half of the features that it offers . What I like the best
 Well , if you are serious about having a calculator that does it all and you are willing to invest the time in learning how to use it , then the HP19B II is for you . The calculator was way ahead of its time when it was introduced in the 1990 's , and still has plenty of intricacies that many do not possess today . First , there is the ability to switch to any foreing language , decimal notation and most importantly the programming feature . This feature allows you to construct your own formulas , regardless of the type of business you are currently using such formulas . In addition , graphics can help in seeing your computation , although the screen is a bit too small , yet the point is to graph your computation to give you an understanding and guidance . Second , you can make appointments , reminders and a contact lists in the memory , however you must be very compact with it . Thirdly is the feature that allows you to write text !! While studying , I found this very helpful in remembering definitions and terms . Finally , the HP19BII even has an intra signal to send data to a HP printer , but such printers are hard to find and the printed results vary in quality . Make no mistake , this calculator is for the serious and in depth professional whether in statistics , finance and math . If you are a beginner , then my suggestion is try the Texas Instrument TI BAII Plus . It has many of the same featureas of the HP19B II at a fraction of the price and can stand on its own for many finance , statistic and other mathematical functions , but lack the foreign currency conversion , text , appointment reminders and programming features . On the other hand , if you really want a calculator to last you for more than 10yrs and make it an everyday companion , then the HP19B II is it !!
 If your looking for a machine that you can drop off a building , do sophisticated mathematics , or use as PDA , this is n't it . But if you 're a financial profesional that wants a quick , user-friendly tool , it 's hard to beat . Yes , my first 19BII disintegrated when it fell off my desk , and the battery door on my second one is held on by tape , but I would n't trade it for the world.I still own a 12C -LRB- it 's built like a tank -RRB- , but trying to do any sort of TVM or cash flow analysis without the benefit of the menus and displays of the 19BII is stone age . Adding a platinum face plate does n't make the 13 any more sophisticated or easier to use.I also own a 17BII . The 17 has many of the same menu-driven funtions as the 19 -LRB- including the Solver function that allows you to create your own multi-variable formulas and solve for the single missing one -RRB- , it 's cheaper , and is more readily available , but the 17 lacks three things
 Great calculator . But my battery door broke after 13 years ! Totally ruined my day . :| -LRB- that and the fact that I was working on my taxes when I noticed it -RRB- . Guess I will have to try tape to keep it together . Originally bought the 19bii while in an MBA program . It has been invaluable . Math , finance , and stats layout are excellent . Love the regression plotting . Alpha and PDA functions are too clunky . Never used them because they were not useful . From a math , finance , and stats perspective I LOVE this calculator and wish the physical design of the battery door was better .
 Great device!The best that I 've had . Unfortunately , the battery cover is too fragile and broken.The worst thing is that now this model from HP is discontinued
 Having used the 19bII for 16 years , I can attest to its power and flexibility . It got me through college and graduate school and now never leaves my side at work . The layout is intuitive , the keys are well-placed , providing good tactile feedback . It is simple to program , and the menus are easy to navigate . The case is a little rusty since last year the battery cover broke , but after 16 years that 's not bad at all .
 Just have to log my support for this great calculator , similar to others I bought an HP 19B in the beginning of my college years -LRB- 1984 -RRB- along with all the related add ' l manuals available at the time -LRB- marketing , banking , real estate , ? -RRB- and have loved and used it ever since - despite religious use of Palm devices since their inception . Yes my battery cover broke also , but high tensile clear tape quickly remedied that . Unfortunately a mishap damaged the keypad functionality requiring a replacement . I 'm estatic to be able to replace it so easily ! May buy two to make sure there 's always a backup .
 Fast delivery , works great . This item has twice the functions of more current models . Speaking to a HP company rep , he said that most people who need such detailed functions have computer programs that perform them . Not functional for my supervisor , so this purchase is an exceptional choice .
 The calculator is in PERFECT conditions , just like NEW.No problems , no scratches nor dents.Good to know that there are honest people doing business out there.Thank you , Luis H. Garza
 This is by far the best tool for a business pro . Versatile , powerful and elegant . I bought mine in 1992 and ten years after still have not found a descent replacement in my armoury .
 The best of the best of the best ... of all time ! Its only one fault is low memory , so if you use a lot of your own formulas -LRB- especially when it comes to pricing options -RRB- you can see `` LOW MEMORY '' message ... and sometimes it 's annoying ! But stillit 's the best machine you can get for this much !
 I have used this calculator for over 10 years on a daily basis . I find it invaluable . The solver function lets you write your own frequently used functions and solve or perform what-if scenarios with them . All functions require a minimum of keystrokes to access . It will work in either algebraic or RPN modes . Once you have familiarized yourself with RPN you will never go back ! I will replace this calculator with another if it ever wears out .
 Those who have not tried this calculator will be amazed once you get good at using it -LRB- and it 's easier than most other HP calcs -RRB- . The only valid detraction I 've read is about the battery compartment cover . After 12 years with it , I have to tape it down . The benefits FAR FAR FAR outweigh this little shortcoming . The built in calculation functions -LRB- and there are hundreds -RRB- are still almost all perfectly useful -LRB- except one or two -RRB- . Any fuction that is not , can simply be added or modified . This is the most amazing thing
 This calculator saved by -LSB- ... -RSB- in college , empowering me to get my degree in Corporate Finance and International Economics . When I started my upper division classes , the Prof. 's insisted that their students get a financial calculator . Knowing that cash was tight , they pointed us to the low end calculator 's like HP-12 's and TI BA 's . But when I looked at them , I was disappointed and apprehensive . Then I asked the Prof. 's , lecturers , and guest speakers which calculator they used , I found they used the HP 17 's and HP 19 's . That settled it for me . And the difference quickly became obvious compared to my classmates who bought the cheaper models.I started out my junior semester trying to make do with my TI-89 Graphing calculator -LRB- an excellent machine -RRB- but inputting the formulas and programming the functions into the memory was not worth the effort and created poor results . The first time I failed to finish a 5-minute quiz was the last time I walked into a finance class without my HP-19BII . Since graduating , I never approach a client or business meeting without the HP close at hand . It works every time and gives fast answers that I can rely on for accuracy and completeness of information.During exams , the calculator gave me the edge and confidence I needed to excel in my course work . I often was among the first to finish and , as my confidence in the calculator increased , my ability to add to class discussions improved.My HP has the battery compartment in the back , so I have not had the problems some of the other reviews mentioned . The PDA functions are my only real complaint . They are worse than useless and not worth the time to learn . The only advantage of the PDA part of this calculator is that the hinged keypad makes an excellent and very protective cover for the rest of the calculator . The bond , amortization , and IRR functions are superior to the HP-17 series as well . Even the TVM and conversion functions work better.I dinged the calculator for making you pay for the worthless PDA functions just to add the protection of the hard keyboard cover . This is the one to get for finance professionals . Real estate tycoon want-a-be 's should stick to the HP-12 so that they avoid the image problem of looking like a math geek . Just make sure that the math geek back at the office who makes your loan happen has one in his pocket .
 I am currently using my second HP Consultant and when this one is retired I will move to a third one . If you do business type calculations , in my opinion , it is the only one to own . The calculator is easy to use , easy to program and has most of the functions that I need built in . I find it rugged yet not much heavier or larger than its lesser competitors . I live in the TVM portion of the calculator but am an occasional user for the other parts -LRB- particularly the rolodex -RRB- as well . If you have a need for a robust and fully functional business type calculator , do yourself a favor and buy the HP .
 I own the original 28S incarnation of this calculator , purchased almost 13 years ago when I started my undergraduate studies . It was a scientific calculator back then . It still serves me faithfully , and is the only calculator I 've ever needed . If I need to do something that is n't done by a built-in function , it 's a simple matter to program it and store it for future use . I imagine for business use it 's just as useful .
 This is an excellent calculator , much like its sister device , the HP17BII . Lack of books dedicated to this device is no problem because a book carried here at amazon for the HP17BII pretty much interfaces 100 percent with the 19BII calculator . Look at `` Professional Real Estate Problem Solving Using the HP 17BII '' , written and published by John A. Tirone , a real estate instructor and attorney in Michigan.I purchased the author 's HP-17BII along with his HP12C book here at amazon.com
 This is a great financial calculator , but the battery door can break off and if it does then it would be unusable .
 I had one when I took a Finance course five years ago , but I lost it recently . One of the best financial calculators I have ever used -LRB- IMO , better than the other brands -RRB- . Highly recommended ! In fact , I am planning to buy a replacement .
 I purchased this calculator for a corporate finance class I took in college . It works great and I have used a majority of the functions it can handle . The only thing that slightly disappointed me about it was that it was not solar powered , but that is nothing more than a slight inconvenience when the batteries run out -LRB- it takes LR44 -RRB- .
 I have used Sharp EL 733A calculator for many years . Recently , I wanted to order it again , but it is no longer manufactured . I hope Sharp will remake them again . The newer product EL 738 is no competition of EL 733 . 733 is very easy to use and it get all the business and financial function I need .
 I was fortunate to have ordered this calculator to complete one of my banking course -LRB- Personal Financial Planning -RRB- and to date I carry this most important tool with me to work every day . I do the same even when I travel . It is so useful to do Amortisation with just entering a few data and you get all the information you need . It is great for financial planning and budgeting . I would recommend this calculator .
 This calculator was mandatory for my MBA classes . Worked just like it is supposed to .
 I use this to calculate how far my son hits the ball off the T relative to the other kids ; in Little League . Parents think I am wierd , so I sit away from the stands , near the food shack . I will probably keep doing this for many years .
 First of all , the HP-12C is easy to use . Data is entered using RPN , other reviewers have covered this.The big advantage over more modern calculators is the very logical and easy way to access the procvided functionality . No searching throug menus and no remembering of function names . The functions needed most in daily life -LRB- as a student or rofessional -RRB- are directly accessible through the clearly labeled keys.Of course there are some points I like less . Eg the very limited operation stack -LRB- depth of 4 -RRB- and I am not too pleased with the way HP 's once outstanding quality is going . My model has a slightly bent case . Not enough to really worry me , but the calculator is never sitting firmly on the 4 rubber pads . In contrast to some other reviewers I have no problems with the keys , but I do agree that they used to have a more solid feel in earlier days .
 Money ! Let 's face it , that is what we all want and we all strive for . We go to school to learn a profession to get a job and make money.The HP 12C is timeless . I was introduce to the HP 12C when I was in College around 1980 and it has been with me ever since . I have worn out two of them and now am on my third . It still gives me all the information in only a few keystrokes.As a consumer going shopping for a car or real estate , it is fun to whip out my HP 12C and do mortgage or loan calculations in a flash while the `` professionals '' are still waiting for their laptops to crank up with windows.For those who want a calculator that will do just about anything a calculator should do , this is the one . The quality is excellent.So go out and make money and remember that the HP 12C can calculate how , what , and when for you so you can make more , and that is what careers are all about .
 For as long as this calculator has been around , and as inexpensive as calculators have become , you would think that this calculator would cost much less . This is my second one that I have purchased . -LRB- I still have the first one that I bought from 1983 -RRB- I keep my original one at work and my new one at home.Some of the things that make this calculator so great are ... * Excellent `` click '' of the buttons . Most calculators today have no click at all . With this calculator , you DO N'T have to pay attention to the display to see if you hit a button . You can feel that you have . * Sideways design . Having a horizontal calulator allows me to keep the calulator off of the paper that is on my desk . * RPN . That 's `` reverse polish notation '' for you civilians . Once you learn RPN , you will never go back to a standard calulator . It 's also fun to hand someone your calculator and ask them to do `` 2 +2 '' . `` Duh , where is the equal key ? '' , they sayI figure this calculator wo n't be around much longer as those of us who love and appreciate RPN are a dying breed . Get one while you can .
 I recently had to buy a new calculator to replace the HP12C I had since 1984 . -LRB- I spilt a coke on it i think . -RRB- I bought a HP 17B II . After struggling with that for a year , I just placed an order to replace my HP 12C . The 12c is just so logical , compact , and easy to use for the basic financial functions . It is really the standard to beat . One caveat . I love rpn entry . If you are not a fan of rpn , then you must find another alternative . This is an incredibly durable calculator also . I used the same calculator for almost 20 years ! That is value !
 I bought my 12C in 1985 . I am not a sophisticated financial analyst so I do n't need a superfast calculator or one that hooks to a pc . I have carried this thing in my briefcase all over the country for 15 years now and it works as well as the day I bought it . I have dropped it , spilled coffee on it , left it on my dashboard , carried it in my soft briefcase with 15lbs of papers and books and it still goes . I have replaced the batteries once . this is one of the greatest products of all time . I now also carry a visor with a calculator function but the 12C is so much easier to use and so much more sophisticated that I still carry the 12C .
 I needed this calculator for a real estate class I 'm taking , and as a college student , I do n't have a lot of money to spend on such items . This calculator was reasonably priced and works perfectly !
 Reviews are helpful if you have never had a product before . I have had these calculators for years , and they are great . Last forever too . Hard to go wrong here . Amazon had a great price , shipped quickly right to my door . Very convenient to shop here , they keep you up to date through the whole process . They make shopping easy ! I knew what I wanted , went on line to Amazon , and had it done in minutes .
 You 'll be amazed at all the cool stuff this nifty little calculating machine can do . I have read complaints about the Platinum Edition . You can avoid that by picking up a gold-anodized made-in-USA version on Craigslist or eBay . Brazil also has a good reputation . I got mine on Craigslist for $ 20 and it works beautifully , like a bank vault . Even new it is not that expensive . Get two or three . RPN is easy to get the hang of , and it makes much more sense than algebraic .
 If you use a calculator for serious financial work , you can not go past the HP 12C . It uses RPN -LRB- Reverse Polish Notation -RRB- to turn difficult calculations into simple ones . It has been around for 18 years , proof that it is an absolut industry standard . Congratulations HP on a real winner .
 I work in finance and use HP12Cs constantly . They are , hands down , the best calculators I 've ever used.The HP12C Platinum offers three features that are improvements over the HP12C -LRB- which has a gold faceplate and which I recommend -RRB-
 -- Started hunting for a new HP12C after I lost mine in transit . -LRB- Pardon this Blog -RRB- It 's hard not to feel a twinge of grief at the loss of a 20 year old companion . We 've both seen -LRB- and calculated -RRB- our fair share of profits and losses , share values and earnings , cash flows and squeezes ... Suffice to say , the heafty $ 600 CDN HP charged for 12C 's in the early ' 80 's is a foggy memory.I 'm thrilled to see the 12C is still available with the same great feature-set -LRB- RPN included ! -RRB- , and the telltale blue and orange F-keys . Currently priced at $ 100 CDN , it 's $ 500 less than a generation ago , a comparative steal with factored inflation ... That would be a $ $ saving of ... well Hey , if you 're reading reviews for a 12C , you should know how to do the math yourself ... My sole complaint concerns the 12C circa 2004 versus circa 1984 . Today 's unit has bloody awful build quality . Button-tactility is crude and fit tolerances are lazy . It certainly does n't have the professional finish I enjoyed . -LRB- Another sign HP is loosing its engineering roots , as it morphs into a consumer-electronic appliance company ? -RRB- . That said , do n't be dissuaded . It 's a great business tool in a financial arsenal -- easy to use and certainly easy to love . However , I 'm forever indebted to the kind person who dropped-off my silky 1984 12C into London-Heathrow 's Lost & Found . I like to think , a fellow 12C user , knowing the symbiotic nature this calculator develops with its owner , took the time to indirectly forwarded it home . If only I knew to whom I should send a reward-cheque for $ 600 ... One suggested improvement for my aging eyes
 Do yourself a favor and buy this calculator.The HP12C calculator is the standard . It 's one of the oldest model that HP still produces after 20 years . It 's never been discontinued because people keep buying it . And it 's not hard to believe once you have one.Everything in this calculator is perfect . When it was designed calculators where a top of the range product . There were no computers of PDA so manufacturers put all their effort on building the best possible calculators . Nowaday calculators are a commodity product or it 's seen as antiquate , not innovative , and not commercially rewarding for the manufacturer.This spirit lives in this calculator , it 's the Mercedes-Benz of calculators . The design it 's that bit retro ' that makes it special.Then the buttons
 There is nothing that shouts ` quant jock ' lounder than this bad boy . Because you would only imagine using this in learning FIN I , it begins to shape your thinking -LRB- scary -RRB- about how to set up financing calculations . I do find myself at a loss when it is not around I have to think back -LRB- uncertainly -RRB- through the real math behind ` the brain ' , but I have found a patchwork solution . After you 've bought one of these I would recommend downloading the shareware version for your Palm . That way you 'll always have it handy . Amazing case study of embedding an operating system in people 's brains .
 This calculator is absolutely the best I 've ever used . It does every wiz bang calculation , and then some . Furthermore , I 've owned it for years and have never had to replace the battery not to mention it 's so lightweight it goes everywhere with me . I love it !
 The HP-12c is the benchmark of calculators.Whether you 're a student or business professional , the HP-12c should be the `` standard issue '' calculator . If you 're neither a business professional or college-level -LRB- or above -RRB- student , a $ 6 calculator from the bin should serve you properly.Others , even HP , have tried to outdo the 12c . Not even close.When it comes to the functionality of the 12c , nothing can match it.Everything about the 12c clobbers all other competitors ' products.No other calculator combines all of these features and qualities -LRB- some might be better than the 12c in 1 or maybe 2 features , but no competitive product has all of these like the 12c -RRB- : - Screen is outstanding.-Physical engineering -LRB- horizontal structure , rubber feet -RRB- is outstanding.-Buttons are outstanding.-Battery is SUPERB -LRB- it took SIX years of usage before I had to change the factory-issued batteries -RRB- . -12 c could probably absorb the shock of an incoming missile.-Functions . What other calculator has all of the TVM , statistics , programming features , etc. that the 12c has ? - Processing speed ? Please , an extra 1 or 2 seconds for the 12c is no big deal . Besides , the ease of operations entry more than makes up for the amount of buttons you have to push on , say , the TI financial calculators . -LRB- see also RPN , below -RRB- . - Reverse notation -LRB- RPN -RRB-
 Even though it 's a little bit expensive , I like this purchase because it came pretty fast -LRB- arrived the next day -RRB- , and it 's complete .
 I 'm a collage student in Finance major , our professor requires us to use financial calculator so I choose this one based on all the reviews which I thought it would be perfect . Well , it really need some time to get used to it especially when you are familiar with TX 84 , it 's totally different and require reading all the instruction before you use it .
 I needed a financial calculator for school . I priced them in local office supply stores and got `` sticker shock . '' I searched for the calculator on Amazon.com and was able to buy a brand new calculator for $ 20 less than retail . I highly recommend Amazon.com .
 I am very satisfied with the product . I would of liked to have an owners manual with it . But still very satisfied with condition .
 The service was great !!! I recieve the calculator the next day . The way the seller stated the calculator was in that type of condition nothing else . Thanks !!
 The item was in excellent condition and the shipping was timely and well packaged.I have used such a calculator before and this one replaces one I have used for over 20 years . I expect this new one to be of comparable quality .
 I hate to use the adage `` it 's an oldie but a goodie '' ... . but it is ! These have stood the test of time both technically and physically . Well worth the money , expect it to last at least 20 years !
 I read review about this calculator and really the main complaint was that it takes a bit to compute . And yes I can confirm that it does but the time it takes is about 1sec . So , I am not complaining . I like it for my purse .
 Alot of capability . Good tactil feel of the keys which are marked clearly . Very comprehensive manual .
 The HP12C and other reverse polish calculators made by HP are absolutely the best in the logic -LRB- reverse polish method is extremely efficient -RRB- , quality of design and manufacturing and in durability . This is a product that is designed to last for a long , long time .
 I was delighted with my experience of purchasing this product from Amazon.It arrived within a week of purchase -LRB- I live in Australia -RRB- which I felt was very good service.Thankyou Amazon .
 I could not believe my calculator was delivered this morning , less than 48 hours after I ordered it online ... and I took advantage of free standard shipping , expecting delivery in 10 days . This is the third HP12C that I have owned in 20 years . The other two were lost , never broken . Having the calculator with me is as important as having my car keys or toothbrush ! Thank you Amazon.com !
 The order came as promiced in great condition . the experianced will make ordering in the future a plesent experiance . I bought it as a gift and the party who recieved it loved it .
 My husband purchased this calculator for B School in 1985 . -LRB- By the way , it cost , as I recall , almost twice as much then as it does now . -RRB- Later , I used it for my MBA program . More than 25 years later it is still sold , and mine works as well as the day I bought it . VCRs , DVDs , TVs , GPS units , cell phones , compuuters , PDAs , etc , etc. , plus dozens of vendor giveway calculators , have come and gone , but this endures . I fully expect it to to outlast me.Oh , it also works great . Its simple and powerful . Amazing , considering it dates from a time when Wang minicompuetrs were the latest thing . The RPN logic takes a bit to get used to , but once you use it you wo n't go back .
 I 've worn my HP 12C like jewelry for over 30 years . I do n't own one 12C . I own five - one in my coat pocket , one on my desk , one in my briefcase , one in my car , and one at home ! The first thing I did when I bought them was throw away the cases - or use them to carry 3 x 5 notecards . Just two years ago , my first -LRB- and only -RRB- battery went dead.It 's the calculator of choice for commercial-investment real estate brokers and was introduced to me as part of the CCIM curriculum . When I meet someone and they pull out at 12C , I immediately know I can communicate with them and know they have a high level understanding of real estate finance and investment . It creates an immediate bond . It 's not necessarily the calculator , it 's knowing they know the concepts behind using it.The 12C was the first Christmas gift I gave to my daughter 's fianc&eacute; and now husband . With that gift , my daughter knew he was `` accepted '' and had promise.I did not take my 12C on my honeymoon . I thought long and hard about it , however . It was not an easy decision and was missed.Like others , my business card is taped to the back of all of my 12Cs . If you do n't own a 12C , I highly recommend you get one - and learn how to use it really well . It can change your life and the way a person thinks about money . Our economy would be different if it was standard issue in all high schools along with 20 hours of personal instruction on its use and the concepts behind them.Dennis J. Noneman , CCIM , CPMToledo , Ohio
 The box all the others came in ; it does everything you need it to do , and it eschews needless bells and whistles . Built like a vault ; I bought mine -LRB- used -RRB- in 1983 and it has never failed me , despite being nearly 30 years old . A modern classic , like an Eames lounge chair or a Frank Lloyd Wright building .
 HP12C . Great machine . I inherited the calculator from my Dad when he passed away 24 years ago . He used it daily as I have for over 20 years in the financial industry . I have used this calculator every day for over 20 years without any problems . I have had to replace the batteries only once that I remember . If it ever dies -LRB- likely not -RRB- , I will immediately replace it with another HP12c .
 I 've used the HP 12-C financial calculator virtually every day since I finished my MBA twenty-five years ago . In fact I 've still got the same one ! Just replace the batteries occasionally.The finish is worn , there are lots of scuffs and scratches and the little rubber pads on the bottom disappeared at some point . But the print on all the function keys is still perfectly legible -LRB- which is more than I can say for a four-year old previously top-of-the-line Dell laptop -RRB- and it performs every basic and not so basic present value and other financial calculation you 'll ever need . The screen is easy to read , the keys are easy to punch and the flat shape packs in any pocket or bag.The 12-C is the real deal . Get one !
 I used to have the Business Consultant II . The Financial calculator does almost the same things , but it fits more easily in your pocket . I miss the larger screen on the BCII , but the Financial 's quick and easy access to formulas are very practical once you get used to them . Of course , the calculator is of top quality .
 This purchase replaces my old HP12C which died after many years of use . I was relieved to find a replacement on Amazon.com . I received my new calculator shortly after I ordered it and have been using it daily since . It is perfect !
 This is my second HP 12c calculator . My first one I purchasedwhile at College - UCONN . I used it for my accounting degreeand later for my CPA Practice . The first one was purchased 1978 . It lasted until 2003 . I always take it with me even on vacation.The last trip I took it to was 3 weeks in Spain while walking EL Camino . I used it for exchange rates Euro vs Dollar . It recently died off after 25 years . I brought a new one recentlyat Amazon to replace the one I carried with me . It was like anold friend .
 I bought my first HP 12C in 1982 - It is the financial industry standard . I advise all my students to buy this calculator , and this is the one we use for the finance class , accounting , and construction classes ... There is no need for anything more complex . Short of Monte Carlo risk analysis , I do all my financial calculations on the HP 12C - John Beasley - -LRB- http / / www.brevardcontractorsschool.com -RRB-
 Many calculators have come and gone , but the 12c is still the best financial calculator available . Many have tried to knock it off its pedestal , but to no avail .
 I bought my first HP 12c in the 1980 's and I now have 4 . Excellent for general math , financial analyis and statistics.Once you master RPN you will never use any other calculator.This calculator is highy recommeded and will last forever .
 I recently retired from a national commercial bank . I bought my 12C when I began making consumer real estate loans in the early 80 's . -LRB- It replaced a failed TI MBA that got me through college -RRB- I used it all the way through my banking carrier . I retired as a VP of Commercial Lending . The 12C never failed me . The only flaw was the little 12C label came off - but super glue fixed that . I replaced the batteries once or twice . I dropped it and threw it around but it always kept working.When I left the bank , my 12C stayed at my desk and I now have a 10B . I think I like the 12C better . Not that the 10B is not a great calculator - it is , but I really , really liked the 12C . Buy It !
 Over the past 19 years I have been involved in many jobs - Actuarial Science , Options Pricing , Dealing Swaps , Real Estate Development , Commercial Banking , ... and I have never needed anything other than my HP12C . Sure , I needed my PC for the complexities of deriving the Black-Scholes model or to analyze certain Swaps trading programs , but for 95 % of my day-to-day work the HP12C has been invaluable and all I 've needed . Alas , that all ended about a month ago . My wife and I bought a puppy early this year and , you guessed it , I left the calculator on my office floor and Bonney ended up chewing off the corner ! Needless to say Bonney has now been banished from my office and I now have a new calculator , a brand new HP12C .
 This calculator is perfect for all of my finance classes . With a little training and it is very easy to use .
 Old favorite that gets the job done and fits in your pocket . All this and it does not tie up your phone or computer . Stand alone still has its place .
 Have used the HP12C since 1984 or 85 . I love it . Have taught a course in it when I worked in real estate development . Have used other financial calculators , but none have been better . Can calculate basic financial functions or IRR on variable cash flows . It does it all . Own a few of them . Would n't be without one . Highly recommend it .
 I have been using the HP 12C for more than 25 years . No one 's eve made a better financial calculator .
 This is by far the best calculator on the market , hands down ! You will not be disappointed with this one and you will not want to be without it once you own it ! FANTASTIC CALCULATOR !
 Great financial calculator , this product is the industry standard amongst accountants and Amazon has the best price around !
 This calculator is my second one . I found the first to be so great , easy to use and a `` must have '' , with me , I now have one on my desk in my office and the other in my briefcase.Thank you , Jane AndersonSeattle WA
 This calculator does pretty much everything you 'd want a financial calculator to do , but it is a little slow . Any sort-of complicated equation takes about 10-15 seconds to compute . I would spend the extra $ 10 or so and get the HP12C platinum edition . A friend has that one and all calculations are done immediately -- no 15-second wait .
 In the eighties , a friend who sat behind me in home room brought in one of these and explained the RPN method to me . It seemed wierd at the time , and I had little need for a financial calculator back then , so I forgot about it . Fast forward twenty-plus years and a financial calculator could come in handy . Much to my surprise and delight , the same unit is still available -LRB- though now made in China , alas , like everything else is these days -RRB- . If you 've never used the HP12c before , and even if you have , you should read the manual , as it 's well worth the time needed to learn all the functions . The explanations are quite helpful , albeit filled with examples from when the calculator first came out -LRB- e.g. , a new car costing $ 13,000 , a year of college costing $ 6,000 - ah , the memories -RRB- Supposedly , HP was going to make the 12c 's processor a little faster in the late 1980 's , but incredible as it sounds , market research showed that users back then did n't trust the results of a calculator that thought too quickly , so the original brain remained intact . That does n't mean this thing is `` slow '' the same was as , say , a dial-up interenet connection . Unless you 've really got to be somewhere else in the two seconds it might take for the unit to do an advanced calculation , then relax . The extra time needed wo n't eat up your afternoon.The one down side , if there is any , is the vinyl case - leather would have been more appropriate for such a deserving achievement that was done right the first time .
 Great calculator . Had my older one almost 18years and finally lost it did not break . They go and go . If you are in the mortgage or banking business this is an oldy but classic calculator . Great stuff .
 This is a great calculator ! It takes a little getting used to and will require that you read the manual but it is well worth the money and time .
 I graduated in Business Adm and I really need this calculator in my financial business . I do have the HP platinum and now I bought this one for my secretary .
 What can you say about this classic machine ? Look on the desks of business professionals and you are likely to see this tool.It truly is the Rolex of calculators.I have had mine since high school and have never had a technical difficulty or need for repair . A solid , quality built product from the old school HP . Not the new throw it away after three years HP.It does what the spec says it does and performs flawlessly doing it . The batteries seem to last forever . I usually get about 18 months per set of batteries and I use it everyday . HP has other newer business calcs but this is all you really need.Does it sound like I like this calc ?
 But might as well spend the extra money and buy the 17bii . And if you are one that is on a strict budget go ahead and get the 10bii , it will do everything that the average student or business person will need a calculator .
 I bought the TI Datamath calculator the week they went from -LSB- amt -RSB- to -LSB- amt -RSB- . It would add , subtract , multiply and divide . Gee ... was that about 1972 ? Then , I bought the HP-80 financial calculator a couple of years later . It was a big box predecessor to the 12-C . I got reverse Polish notation and great support . I remember having it escape from my coat pocket and crash to the street when I jumped over the hedge by city hall -LRB- I have been a very active REALTOR . -RRB- HP replaced the case and made it work again at no charge ! Then , along came the 12-C , the subject of these comments . WOW ! What a machine . I have used it since it first came out , so with the Model 80 I have been using HP financial calculators for over 25 years . Now I have misplaced mine , so I just ordered a new one . Of course , that will insure I find the old one soon . But , having two is OK.A tip on using reverse Polish notation
 I have had an HP 12C for 20 years . Yes it is wonderful calculator but you really should n't spend the extra money for it.It is quite expensive because it was designed to do programming and elaborate cashflow analysis . Yes indeed in the early 80s people used to program key 100 + step programs into these small but powerful machines . Nobody would do it today since we have spreadsheets for that.If you are new to HP calculators you will need to get used to RPN -LRB- reverse Polish notation -RRB- . You should also plan to spend quite a bit of time with the owners manual . You will need it to understand how to use the 30 + memories -LRB- I doubt you will ever use more than 3 -RRB- , the anachronistic programming capability and all of those funny symbols.My advice is to buy the HP B10 . You can get it for half the price . Yeah its not quite the status symbol the 12C is but its all you need .
 If you are involved in the finance world in any way , this calculator is a must-have . Compared to the TI BA 35 , the quality difference is amazing . I had one of each at the last CFA exam and was actually concerned that the TI was n't even going to last through the exam . The `` Quants '' will point to the following perceived weaknesses
 Like many other reviewers , I `` turned on '' to the HP 12C while earning a business degree in the 1980s . My orginal 12C was misplaced ten years ago , and I replaced it with the HP 17BII . While the 17B is an extremely functional calculator , I replaced it with a new 12C . Why ? Mainly battery life -LRB- with light to moderate use , I still needed to replace the batteries once a year ... with three watch sized batteries , that cost adds up quickly -RRB- . In addition the 12C is more compact , and I like the setup of the keys much better . Processing speed ? Well , I thing the 12C is more than adequate for a handheld calculator . If you frequently find yourself needing to blaze through complex complications , it 's probably best to get out your laptop computer . Highly recommended .
 This calculator has made my finance class so much more simple that it would have been if I would not have bought this calculator . Definitely worth the price !
 While everyone is struggling to figure out their TI BA II calculator -LRB- and complaining along the way -RRB- , I have my calculations complete and am on the next problem.There is a learning curve if you 've never used a financial calculator before , but the manual -LRB- found online or on the CD included with the calculator -RRB- is written extremely well and is a valuable resource.I do n't regret spending the extra money and love this calculator !
 Received product exactly as described however needed to know that manual was not included . If you have never used this type of calculator you really do need to have the manual but most of the information can be found on line . Arrived quickly .
 In some of the reviews for other financial calculators the question is posed why the 12c remains so popular . And this remains so despite the fact that the current iteration is a poorly with cheap materials in China . The reasons are two fold . First , the calculator gives you the essential functions you need in an elegantly set out format . Take for instance the percentage change function , something that is commonly used on financial calculators . The 12c has that function built into one of its keys whereas the new 30b has the function buried deep in a menu . When you access the percentage menu with that calculator you have to know when to scroll down and when to scroll sideways . Not intuitive and not possible to get a quick calculation.The second reason this artifact from the early 80 's remains popular is size . Although the 12c comes in a compact package its keys are plenty big enough even for the biggest fingers to comfortably use . It is lightweight , without being a light weight , and easily slips in a shirt pocket . Try doing that with the 30b , which is huge . The 30b and the TI Business Analyst II Plus Professional are more suited for desk use and do not carry out in the field well . As a note , as big as the 30b is the TI looks like you 're carrying around a shoebox . I had considered getting one of these calculators for the additional functions until I picked them up and held them.The right combination of functions in a small elegant package make the 12c irreplaceable . My 12c is 25 years old and still going strong and I do n't see that I will be replacing it any time soon .
 works great . no problems . case is just a little too small for the calculator .
 As soon as I first held this calculator , I was hooked . The crip button action and simple character representation may seem a bit dated , but that only highlights this unit 's popularity . It works the same as it did in 1982 and that makes it a standard.Initially , I wanted this calculator for simple annuity calculations , but I soon found the internal rate of return , net present value , depreciation and amortization functions simply addicting . As a long-time scientific calculator afficianado , I was hesitant to purchase a mere financial calculator . I am glad I overcame that silly notion . This is a simply wonderful calculator that I now use as my primary number cruncher . If you need a tool to help make better financial decisions add the HP 12C to a Parker Jotter pen and a legal pad to get the job done .
 HP makes calculators that engineers love . As quickly becomes apparent to people who punch a lot of calculator keys , the RPN system is a more efficient and intuitive , and thus more accurate , way to put information into a calculator . Without looking at the LCD , that is.In the old days , before those TI 's and Casios with television sized LCD 's that display the last 500 characters input , this was real important . Now , I 'm not so sure . It 's nice to see all your characters on the screen . Which is why DOS went the way of the dinosaur and Windows rules the roost now.HP 's still beat the pants off anything around in terms of elegance and utility though . And if your professor is over thirty-five you can bet this is what she 'll be using . Besides , this is one of the only two calculators you can use on the CFA exam . So get used to it.As a bonus , you 'll have hours of fun watching all your non-HP friends go nutty trying to add with it , and you can use it to impress future clients who will no doubt conclude anybody smart enough to figure out how to use it is capable of handling their million dollar accounts .
 Classic 12 c , though does not feel as sturdy as the original , and the case is a little cheesy , but those are HP issues and not the seller . Overall , a great calculator . One for the ages .
 I have had this for almost 3 decades -LRB- there is a more recent version of it , but I have not seen it yet -RRB- . Recently , I determined to learn every capability of this calculator -LRB- I only use the more obvious functions -RRB- . There is an awful lot of subtlety , and it is impossible to use the advanced functions without the Owner 's Manual & Problem-Solving Guide . I was about to take it down a star or two for its complexity , but this was really not any worse than the other financial calculators I have used , so par for this . Just make sure that you keep the manual stored with the calculator
 My Dad got this for high school in 1981 and it actually still has its original batteries in it . It never had a single problem and in 2006 I got this calculator from him , and at first I had to get used to using the Reverse Polish Notation and now I love it too . I would highly recommend it to any body out there . People say that its slow , but its very powerful and accurate . It is fast back at that time and if you honestly do n't have the extra 3 seconds to do a complex math equation that would take you about 15 minutes to do than do n't buy this . It 's fast compared to doing the problem by hand . I would definitely recommend this calculator to anybody .
 Once you go RPN you ca n't go back . I rarely use this calculator 's financial functions , but RPN plus such a perfect form factor made me buy a second one so I can have one at the office and one at home .
 This is my second HP12C calculator , the first one stopped functioning after 15 years of daily use . I first used my calculator as a real estate agent and now use it as a real estate appraiser . I 've tried other `` financial '' calculators and preferr the HP12C .
 What OzzyFan says here is absolutely true ... once you get used to the input mechanics of RPN -LRB- Reverse Polish Notation -RRB- , going back to a calculator with algebraic input is nigh impossible . Not long ago I purchased a HP 10BII . I made an honest attempt to use it -- much more of an effort than I made decades ago to learn RPN on my old HP 35 . -LRB- You might note here that I 'm sold on HP calculators as I also own an HP 21 , HP 15C , HP 12C , HP 32S and HP 48G . -RRB- After 3 months or so , I went back to RPN by purchasing the newer HP 12C Anniversary Edition.There is , however , a down side to being accustomed -LRB- maybe `` habituated '' is a better word -RRB- to RPN . If you happen to find yourself somewhere without your little gem having to use someone else 's calculator with algebraic notation , you might feel out of your element . It 's doable , but awkward . On the rare occasions this happened to me , I felt pretty clumsy.You might also note that HP calculators seem to last a very long time . How long I ca n't say , but all the HPs I have -LRB- several purchased in the early '70s and '80s -RRB- still work . And why do I keep them ? Well , look at the going price of old HP calculators on eBay , and you 'll understand . Yesterday , an old HP 15C -LRB- in near perfect condition -RRB- went for $ 405.00 . Back in the mid-80S I bought mine new for around a hundred bucks . As you can see , there is quite a following for old HP calculators.I 'll make one other comment . I have known several people who did n't like RPN , but I have never known anyone who gave RPN an honest trial who did n't like it . Look at it this way , if bean counters can use an HP 12C , then anyone can . Better yet , if I can use one , then surely you can , too . Give it a try .
 I am replacing a broken HP , I have used these calculators for financial transactions for over 20 years , great product
 This HP works really well and is very handy , powerful , and flexible financial tool . If you are an engineer you will probably have to get used to a change in notation . It appears the calculator is laid out more for financial professionals day to day use than engineers studying engineering economy . Probably should be that way . One of the great things about this HP and most others is that there is a quick reference guide printed on the back .
 This is my 4th HP 12C ... If you can deal with reverse polarity ... this is your calculator.I love this calculator .
 These calculators are required for our Washington State Realtors license . They are amazing - my husband , who is an engineer - helped me to operate it . Still learning .
 I have been using the 12c for about 30 years . My original calculator lasted about 25 years and I replaced it with another 12c that I lost , so now I have my third , the most recent version.So far so good . Works as expected and I am in comfortable territory with RPN and all my beloved functions . As for reliability and durability , nothing has broken yet -LRB- one month ! -RRB- so no complaints in those departments . I am very partial to this calculator and highly recommend it for financial calculations .
 This is a replacement for the 12C that I 've had for about 25 years . It is still the best financial calculator on the market .
 I 've been using this calculator for about 20 years and is the first time I had buy another one since i first bought it .
 This calculator continues to be a standard item at my desk both at home and work for over 20 years now . This calculator works great , it 's very solid and incredibly dependable . I 've bought several over the years but never due to one breaking , only so I could have another at a new desk , or for my wife to use . My wife learned RPN using this calculator and grew to really enjoy it as I do . The RPN notation can seem odd at first but once you understand how and why it works as it does , it 's very natural and actually saves keystrokes as you use it.I use the cash flow functions and abilities when working out loan options and looking into refi issues and more . Having a calculator that makes this so easy is always handy . I 've even taken it with me when buying a car and can calculate the payment info quicker than the car dealers using their computers.It 's solid , it 's dependable , it uses a great notation format -LRB- RPN vs Algebraic -RRB- and I really like for form factor too . If you really want to get into it , you can add programs and set up all kids of custom features but I do n't bother with that . The basic calculator does what I actually need and it does it VERY well.I am very glad they continue to build these as knowing I can get a replacement at any time is a comfort . I value this calculator above all others I have ever owned .5 stars , this is the one calculator that is a must have .
 I have had this baby for over 20 years and I ca n't live without it . I have been in car dealerships and have been able to calculate the payment FASTER than the finance manager which blows their mind ! Once you learn the functions on this machine , you will NEVER use another.As for durability , I have a puppy that got a hold of this baby and chewed it up all up yet it still works perfectly -LRB- I almost had to get rid of the dog because of this incident -RRB- :-RRB- I decide to forgive and forget even though the 12C looks like it went through a wood chipper.This will be the last calculator you will ever buy . As a side note , the batteries seem like they last forever . I have changed them ONCE in 20 plus years .
 It 's the same HP-12C that you are used to . Actually , it 's a bit faster in running amortizations . You do n't have to put up with worn out keys any longer . Treat yourself - buy today .
 This is a great calculator and my husband and I have used them for years in our jobs . This is the first one we have had to replace . The cover came crumpled up in the packaging , and I called the Seller , Hewlett Packard and Amazon and no one would replace it . I do n't think that 's good salesmanship when I could have bought it from someone else and it would have been complete .
 Same classic it has always been , though the keys have a slightly different feel . Have not decided if this makes a difference . Just wish there was a back arrow key like the 15C to erase the last digit . All my calculators are back to RPN .
 Great priced and shipped quickly . Complicated calculator but once you learn how to use it , works great . Seems they could make one that is much easier to use . Easy to forget the steps unless you use it often .
 Financial calculator is easy to use and was all that I expected it to be . The manual that came with the calculator is easy to follow .
 I see where others have used the 12C for decades ; I have n't . I have followed the TA line from the original Datamath up through the Financial Analyst , MBA , etc , to the latest LCD Financial . I looked at the 12C and the 12C Platinum . Like others , I was n't impressed with the Platinum , either in construction or key feel . As I used the old HP35 way back in the 70 's in college I had had exposure to RPN but had to reacclimate to it . I must say , I do n't really have a preference , being also quite accustomed to the algebraic form with the parentheses . I have particularly enjoyed my 12C for its ability to fit in a pocket , however . Speed wo n't match a modern computer , but that wo n't fit in a pocket ! My 12C is indeed Chinese-made but it still has a substantial feel . After years of vertically oriented calculators one has to get used to holding a horizontal one , rather like the early Casio LED 's . Also , I particularly enjoy the pads on the back of the 12C that prevent it from sliding all over a surface . As I write this I am in a hotel room with a glass-covered desk and those pads are great ! I got my 12C at a great price and thus far it has n't shown wear . It has a richer appearance than its TI counterpart , for what it 's worth . Just a shame about that Platinum ; HP should charge a few bucks more and put a decent keyboard on it and upgrade the exterior finish .
 Since I bought my first HP 12C calculator in the early 1980s , I 've never been able to go back to a `` normal '' calculator . I guess my brain works better with RPN . I think the newer version , while cheaper than the one I first bought , seems to lack some of the sturdiness of the original . I hear a clicking noise when I shake it , for instance.It seems to work , though .
 Function follows form , for a change . I 've had 5 HP calculators -- the 25 , 97 , 11 , 17 and this one . The 12C is the one I still use . The guys downstairs on the trade desk who were in junior high when it came out use it . My wife , the technophobe , uses it -LRB- if she ever realizes I swapped it for the 11 , she 'll kill me -RRB- . RPN , macro programs , shift keys , the whole 9 yards , it 's classic . Its survival as an almost analog relic in a digital world is what gives me hope for a humane future .
 As a non-traditional , adult accounting student , I got tired of purchasing a new calculator for every class . Every professor was recommending a different calculator , and most of the students have TI-whatevers . I wanted to purchase ONE calculator , and I wanted it to be THE calculator for my entire college and working career . After a little research , and a speech by my intermediate accounting professor about this little black box of perfection , I decided to purchase it last fall.I think the biggest reason most accounting/finance professors do n't recommend this calculator outright is due to the RPN learning curve . Let 's be honest
 The 12C is something you do n't see every day
 For the past 28 years , I have taught various courses in real estate which required the use of a financial calculator , specifically `` Real Estate Finance '' and `` Income Property Appraisal . '' Although there have been many calculators come available during this period of time , I have yet to find one that matched the overall applicability of the HP 12C to the various real world problems in these areas . My students are amazed that this hand held machine can compute not only monthly payments and amortization -LRB- P&I distribution for any period of time -RRB- but also unpaid balances , the effect of mortgage `` points '' on the APR , internal rate of return for uneven cash flows , net present value , just to name a few . For appraisal purposes , the programmable feature is great as there are prepared programs available that can compute `` capitalization '' rates incorporating many of the typical assumtions of investors . I always recommend that my students buy this particular calculator although faster and more recent models are available . In fact , I have had students return years later and tell me that mastery of that particular financial calculator and its ability to compute the six functions of money at interest was one of the best things they learned in their four years in the college of business . Of course there are `` tons '' of financial programs out there on the `` net '' ; however , the ease and quickness with which this calculataor can be used is still great . I too wish HP would keep this model available and upgrade it for speed . It still serves my purposes well in my teaching responsibilities and various related ares.Charles P. Cartee , Ph.D. .
 I bought a 15C HP scientific calculator back in 1983 . At that time , the 15C was the scientific version of the 16C and vice versa while the 12C and 11C were the next model down in functionality . Even though I do n't have this specific model , I feel compelled to send in a review since my calculator is different from the 12C only in terms of functionality . The construction is the same . I still have my 15C after 17 years and use it regularly . The metal border of the display is a little oxidized in places , but that is probably from the time I lost it outside in the rain for several days . The corner is a little dented from the time I accidentally dropped it down two flights of stairs . I wore out the case a long time ago , but found a 12C case that fits . Otherwise , it looks like brand new . Every button responds perfectly just like it always has . I 've put a set of batteries in about every 3 years . This calculator may be old , but they are made with real quality .
 I received a new HP-12C from Amazon today and I noticed a couple of differences from my previous -LRB- 2006 -RRB- model .1 -RRB- It takes two 3V CR 2032 batteries instead of one .2 -RRB- It calculates instantly , as opposed to preserving the processing speed of the original -LRB- no more `` running '' flashing on the screen -RRB- .3 -RRB- It does not respond to the self-test documented in the manual.I called HP support and they informed me that this revision of the classic 12C started appearing on the market about 6 months ago . The self-tests are accessed by holding down -LSB- g -RSB- + -LSB- ENTER -RSB- , pressing the -LSB- ON -RSB- button , and then releasing all the buttons . This will present you with a menu that looks like this :1 . L 2.C 3 . HPressing -LSB- 1 -RSB- performed the standard circuitry test , -LSB- 2 -RSB- gives you a checksum , and -LSB- 3 -RSB- performs the keyboard test.It 's still the same reliable calculator as far as I can tell , but - and this is probably a good thing - it loses some of its vintage appeal with the faster processor . This took some getting used to for me . There was something interesting and unusual about watching the calculator `` think , '' and it was a little bit of a shock to see it spit out the answers so quickly . I wo n't be able to amuse my friends anymore by making it crunch on an amortization for 2 minutes , but , almost 30 years after it was originally introduced , I guess that 's progress .
 I 'm a gread student majoring in finance and I 've owned a texas financial calculator for 2 years now . For some reason , I 've never been able to master all the functions in the texas without keeping the instruction manual open . I finally decided to give the hp 12 c a try and am really thrilled with the results . The HP 12 c is very easy to master - took me 2 hours to go through the manual and understand everything and I dont carry the manual around anymore . Its made my life much simpler !
 While I do n't have an MBA , it 's hard to believe that a calculator I learned how to use in 1987 during undergraduate business courses is still the standard for the quick calculating financial world . Any finance professional over 30 will know how to use this , and in a pinch , you might need to know how to use it . I know the TI-8x series has financial functions and the graphic capabilities may make those calculators worthwhile . But for most financial pros , if it ca n't be done on an HP12C , then you probably need a computer.The RPN system is n't hard to learn -LRB- at a basic level it works similar to an adding machine -RRB- , and the functions on this calculator take input and spit out output in a way similar to Excel -LRB- i.e. negative numbers for payments and positive for future value , etc. -RRB- . I found mine the other day after not using it for a while and immediately used it for a discounted cash flow quick analysis I was later planning to do in Excel . It told me the on-the-fly answer I needed .
 I bought mine in 1982 and except for the print on the back panel rubbing off the thing is in perfect shape . Off the top of my head I ca n't think of any other hi-tech item that is essentially unchanged over the last quarter century . -LRB- I know current models are faster but if they do anything more I 'm not aware of it . -RRB-
 It is a powerful calculator , you can solve a lot of mathematical operations , and you 'll be satisfied with this purchase.I recommended . !
 This is the industry standard and works great . Amazon had the best price when I went to purchase this .
 HP 12 C is the best an only financial calculator you will ever need !! never goes out of fashion !! the best and only investment that never depreciates !!
 This is the Cal Ripken Jr. of calculators . I purchased my HP 12C in 1987 and it is still going strong , from everyday simple calculations to complex discounted cash flow analysis with multiple time periods .
 This is a great calculator for finances . Its counterpart , the 15C , was equally great for engineering . None since have matched it for form and function . Why did they keep making this and not the 15C ?????
 Good price - works great - wished I could find more time to use it - or really had a use for it . I would order again .
 This is a great calculator if you can figure it out ! Look up Reverse Polish Notation before purchasing , and if you can understand that , then it will make your life easier as you go through the included manual .
 This is a very good calculator . Would recommend it even for the beginner ! Ease of use and quick to learn it . Just my humble opinion .
 I was told I needed this calculator for my accounting class to handle TVM . It works great now that I know how to use it . But until I had someone sit me down and show me how to use it , it was worthless to me.The owner 's guide only said what the buttons were , not how to use them . The add , subtract , divide , multiply functions are not normal . Aside from those 4 buttons , I know how to use 5 more buttons . There are so many for functions this calculator can do that I do n't know about . I wonder if there is a youtube video of someone giving a run down of the functions .
 This product is a good instrument and it is really good to use if you are in the Real Estate or Mortgage Lending Market . I do not feel any Realtor , or Loan Officer should be with out one .
 I first learned how to use one of these as a banker back in the 70 's . Now , as a mortgage broker , I rely on it daily , even hourly . Not only does it do the job , but it 's sturdy as all get out . And - once you get the reverse Polish notation/input figured out , you can figure your calculations backwards and forwards before the other guys even get theirs warmed up .
 The HP12C has been an essential in my personal productivity tool kit for over 20 years . I bought my first one when I was a consultant and it lasted until August 2006 . It withstood all the travel and constant use well . I use it for simple and complex math ; statistical analysis and financial analysis . It is much faster and simpler to operate than a PC . My new one has all the same great features . I highly recommend this for someone who is frequently required to perform mathematical and financial analysis .
 HP 12C is an excellent product . Robust , very easy to handle , comes with a nice leather case . There is a higher version of same product but only HP 12C and TI BA II plus are allowed in CFA.I search the same product from different website . Only Amazon provides this item less price then another website .
 First off , let me say that many of the reviews that compare the present-day models to the original models falsely portray today 's 12c as flimsy and ready to fall apart at the slightest brush of a finger . The fact of the matter is that in spite of the redesign to reduce costs and moves to Malaysia and China , today 's 12c is still far sturdier than most other calculators on the market . The keys , even with painted-on characters , are made of tough plastic and feel rock-solid , which is more than can be said for nearly all other calculators . Truly , the only recent calculators I consider to be better built are the higher-end Texas Instruments graphing scientific calculators like the TI86 and other renowned HP calculators like the 17BII . That said , I do agree that the 12c 's technology is a bit dated -- newer financial calculators are certainly faster and more sophisticated than the 12c , but there is a certain convenience in the 12c
 Rookie - one month of usage . I have only begun to explore the capabilities of this little gem . The small size is perfect to carry to all meetings and the width allows for two thumb quick calculations . I just purchased `` Professional Real Estate Problem Solving Using the HP 12C '' and I can hardly wait to learn the possibilities not yet utilized . Prior to owning the HP , I consistantly used Excel spreadsheets even for simple equations . Now , I plug the numbers into the 12C , which makes life a little simplier . This is one calculator you will have for a long time and will provide consistant results . Every office that calculates any finanical equations should have one of these on their desks .
 I have had this financial calculator since College , in the early and mid nineties . It was a requirement for my finance major and I have never needed to buy another one since.Today when I am doing basic functions I pull out my trusty HP12C and knock them out . I also used this calculator to purchase my first trust deed . This is a great easy to use fairly intuitive machine . I would n't trade it in for anything .
 One reviewer thinks the HP makes mistakes , at first it appears to.But I reasoned how can this calculator be the number 1 calculator in the financial industry if it makes `` mistakes `` Answer
 Do n't laugh , no kidding , `` reverse Polish notaton '' is the truly intuitive way to do most math in computers , in your mind and in the HP12C . The 25 year old hand held calculator is as new to day as it was 25 years ago .
 I have used this calculator in the past and want to replace my old one -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- . Nothing has changed in the design of the product and will continue being one of the best for its capabilities and functions.I am pleased for the service provided by the supplier . Excellent results time and quality of delivery.Highly recommended
 I bought an HP computer science calculator years ago , and was impressed by it , so when I wanted a financial calculator I decided to stay with HP . The 12c feels just as solid as my older one . Some reviewers received ones made in the U.S. , the one I got was made in China ... what is n't these days . Now I just have to make my way through the extensive manual , and brush up on RPN ...
 This is a little gem of a finance calculator . While I ca n't speak for BA-II specific model , compared to other TI calculators I 've owned -LRB- TI-83 , TI-36 -RRB- the HP12C certainly better made . The buttons have a more tactile feel and solid to the touch.While the RPN takes a little breathing room to get used to , when you get the hang of it it is actually much more efficient working with.This is the one you want to take to your CFA exam .
 If you are looking at this , you probably already know what this cranky calculator does . Mine is like an old friend . I dont like using anything else . Tricky at first , but once you get used to it there is no going back . I prefer the layout of the 12C to other reverse polish calculators .
 I am still using the dented HP 12C my father purchased for me over two decades ago , as a graduation present . After so long , it is like a trusted friend that has helped through negotations , successful exams , and many financial decisions . Plus , the price has risen minimally compared to the quality . When my father balked at the price , $ 50 in 1986 , neither of us would know how valuable it would be . Actually , the HP12C was a bargain !
 Ihere is n't much to say . I have been usng these calculators forever , I have lost 3 of them . To me they are the gold standard in financial calculators , plus is nice not to have to learn everything again every time i change calculator .
 HP12C is as good as it should be when talking about a financial calulator . It fits my needs .
 I have purchased this product before and it was stolen . This HP12c calculator is simply wonderful .
 I got my 12c in vermont in 86 and it 's never left my side . Great calculator . . I run amortization frequently -LRB- and even if it 's a bit slow ... it gives me time to think -RRB- . The date function is useful . I 've dropped it more times than I can remember . Never had a problem with it . Great calculator , and nobody will steal it , since they ca n't figure out how to run it .
 I purchased this calculator some time ago but was not pleased with the manual 's coverage of the field I am employed in , real estate . Then I noticed a real estate calculator book carried by amazon.com by a Mr. John A. Tirone -LRB- `` Professional Real Estate Problem Solving Using the HP-12C '' -RRB- . I purchased the Tirone HP-12C real estate calculator book from amazon.com , best investment I have yet to make in real estate . The book is great -- it covers so many topics in real estate that it is difficult to imagine a book of that level and quality being put together , especially when you take into account that the author supports his books.Nice calcuator , but Hewlett-Packard should consider including a copy of the Tirone book along with the device .
 This is the top Financial Calculator going . The last of a series of calculators introduced in the 80 's that included the 10c , 11c 12c , 15c and 16c . This calculator is solid . My wife has had hers for over 15 years , gone through several sets of batteries -LRB- she uses it daily at work -RRB- and it has never malfunctioned even though it has been dropped numerous times.RPN entry is the perfect way to use a calculator . It saves steps and speeds getting results.The right mix of features for most all who need a financial calculator.The right size . Fits in a shirt pocket or those little pockets in your brief case or backpack.Rubber feet so it does n't slide around on the table when you are using it.Excellent key feel . You can key in numbers without looking and know that they were input correctly . No need to waste time by looking at the display to confirm your entry.May be technically slower than newer models but for practical every day use you will not notice a difference . And , with the advantages of good key feel and RPN , you 'll be way ahead of someone using a competitor 's product.If you need a financial calculator for most people this is the only one to get . Very , very higly recommended .
 I completed 3 actuarial science courses at university in the early 60 's and had to do all the calculations with tables . I would have sold my soul for an HP12C at that time.When the model first came out I bought it immediately although I no longer really had a need for it . I have had no regrets . This calculator and its scientific sister the 11C have a design chasis that has not been improved on.This calculator is not for the novice . Many business friends bought the HP 12C and could not make use of it either because of the reverse polish notation or because they did not really understand the mathematics of finance.The feature of the calculator that I most like is that the functions are hard keyed rather than menu driven . I somewhat disapprove of the fact that the interest rate has to be entered as a per cent rather than in decimal form but I am not enough of a purist to lose any sleep over it.As for the reverse polish notation -LRB- RPN -RRB- . I wo n't buy a calculator for my own use unless it has it . People who ca n't adapt to it have no instinct for mathematics or arithmetic and do n't persist long enough to see the advantage of being able to calculate without the need for brackets . HP still is number one in the calculator business when it comes to functionality and quality . One only has to look at the resale value of HP RPN calculators on ebay to see the high prices that old models command in spite of the more powerful devices that are now available . This is an expensive calculator which I recommend whole heartedly but it is pricey and prospective buyers should look at what is available before commiting themselves .
 Once you go 12C . . you wo n't use any other calculator . Simple and easy to use . I have used it daily since 1983 as well as my partners in my commercial real estate firm . It allows me to calculate mortage amounts based on interest rate , time and present values in seconds . Must have if your in real estate or real estate finance .
 Good products , came fast I am happy . Had the case and the product was in great shape . Seems to be woking great and had no scratches .
 Good tested tried and true product . This is the fifth of these I have had over years . One packed it up after 20 years service being carried in my briefcase to and from work . Three were stolen , perhaps a reflection of their popularity.The first editions were made in USA . Then Brazil . Then Mexico . Now this latest is made in China .
 It is now 2011 and I have used this calculator EVERY SINGLE DAY since I bought it used from Amazon.com in 2004 . No joke ... daily heavy use . It is sturdy and has a long battery life . I 've only had to replace the button batteries once that I can remember . Maybe twice?This calculator uses REVERSE POLISH NOTATION so if you do n't know what that means , do n't buy this calculator or you will hate it . If you are comfortable with reverse polish notation then this calculator is amazing . Normal calculators will do 2 + 3 = -LSB- RESULT 5 -RSB- but to get the answer on this calculator you must follow this sequence ... 2 ENTER 3 + -LSB- RESULT 5 -RSB- Wonderful machine if you are ok with R.P.N. . There is also an app for the iPhone that replicates the HP12C . I have both and suggest you do the same . One in your pocket always , and one on your desk .
 Why would you buy a 1980 's calculator ? Because it provides the best combination of form and function.While other calculators have gone high-end and become curiosities of mathematics and graphics , HP 's customers do not want to let go of the 12-C , despite the fact that HP has more powerful calculators at a slightly larger price . Here 's why I think : Just the right set of features . The average Joe using a financial calculator needs no more than the HP-12C provides.Sturdy and strong . The keys have a wonderful feel.Fits in a shirt pocket.Very reliable . They 've had two decades to iron out any bugs.Large user base . Most financial courses will use this as the calculator of choiceBuy this calculator , if you need a financial calculator . You will not regret it -- I daresay that it will still be around when your kids need their own calculators .
 I 've been using this calculator so long , over fifteen years , that I ca n't imagine working without it . When I bought this thing it was alone in the field of financial calculators and the 12C is still the standard by which other calculators are judged . It has become the standard `` tool of the trade '' for financial professional types . I have a senior position with a leading money management firm and I require all of my financial analysts to learn how to master this tool . Learning to master the functions is like taking a review course in finance . The calculator can be used for a variety of financial functions including calendar -LRB- day count -RRB- , interest , cash flow , IRR , compounding , NPV , standard deviation , weighted average , simple programming and more . The calculator is nearly indestructible which can be very handy when a trade goes against you and the calculator is suddenly flying across a trading room . The calculator has a nice form factor , the buttons are easy to use , it fits in a shirt pocket , and it has an auto shut off for battery conservation.There are other calculators available from HP such as the 10B for about a third the price and the 17B for about the same price . The 10B is inferior to the 12C and I see little reason to buy it . The 17B has greater functionality than the 12C , but I feel it is harder to master , harder to navigate , and it does not fit in a shirt pocket . However , the 17B does allow users to work in standard algebraic or RPN modes . The 12 works only in RPN -LRB- Reverse Polish Notation -RRB- which can be difficult to get used to . For example using RPN to add 1 and 2 you enter 1 < Enter key > 2 < Plus key > . In simple algebraic notation the key sequence is 1 < Plus key > 2 < = or enter key > . The difference is that with RPN you enter the operation -LRB- plus , minus , etc. -RRB- after you enter the values . With simple algebraic you enter the operation between the values.Overall , this is the `` industry standard '' calculator for financial professionals and is recommended by AIMR for people taking the CFA exam . I would not recommend this calculator for casual home use as it does take some time to master , but once mastered it is a very powerful tool .
 Calculators may seem a bit `` dated '' in this age of Palm Pilots and PC 's , but when you have to do a lot of calculations and you do n't have a spreadsheet on a laptop handy , a good calculator is invaluable.If you calculate mortgages , compound interest , amortization or any of the common functions in finance on a regular basis , you ca n't go wrong with this classic calculator , long a standard of the industry . The 120 built-in functions are easy to use and well explained by the manual . Do n't see a function you need ? You can enter your own mathematical function , too.If you DO N'T do financial calculations regularly , but are in school for anything but science , this is also a great choice . You can even learn a lot about financial calculations just from the manual . -LRB- For science students and scientists , HP makes a scientific version calculator with statistical functions instead of financial ones . -RRB- If you are a regular person looking for a calculator , I REALLY recommend this one -- we all borrow money -LRB- car loans , house mortgages -RRB- now and then . And RPN , Reverse Polish Notation is SO logical and easy to use once you practice . -LRB- Simply put , to add two plus two = four , you enter 2 -LSB- enter -RSB- , 2 + and the answer is there . VERY fast for long calculations , like balancing a checkbook . -RRB- I find that the horizontal design -LRB- wider than long -RRB- is extremely comfortable to hold . And the 12C is very rugged . I used to know a guy from HP who was a rep for the calculator division . He 'd demo them by slamming the HP12C against the wall , and then daring the rep from the Big Lone Star State Instruments firm to do the same with theirs . No contest .
 This is `` the calculator that would n't die '' . There were several other excellent HP calculators in this same series , including the HP-11C and HP-15C -LRB- scientific calculators -RRB- and the HP-16C -LRB- the only Computer Science calculator ever made -RRB- , all of which shared RPN functionality -LRB- think of RPN as an adding machine on steroids -RRB- , programmability , extremely long battery life -LRB- measured in years , not months -RRB- , a sturdy case and keypad , and the perfect size , weight and ergonomics . Unfortunately , the rest of this line was discontinued by the end of the 80 's in favor of fancier models . -LRB- I own an HP-11C and an HP-16C as well as an HP-12C ; they 're all excellent calculators . Used HP-16C models often sell for more than the original list price , they 're in such demand . -RRB- So why is the HP-12C still around , virtually unchanged from its introduction in the 80 's ? Because Finance people are VERY conservative , and they just kept buying the 12C because that 's what their mentors used , that 's what classes were teaching with , and that 's where the most help and information is available . They simply ignored newer , fancier models of financial calculators because the 12C already worked so well that nobody needed or wanted anything better ! Sure , they 're imported these days instead of being made in the USA as the original units were , but the design is unchanged . The packaging has changed , but the user manual has not.This calculator is a classic , destined to remain with us for many years ...
 I 've had my HP 12C since 1982 . They cost -LRB- $ $ -RRB- then . It spent 5years rattling around in my college bookbag . Now I use it daily at work and have dropped it many times . While some may say it is slow , you 'll never notice a speed problem on regular arithmetic calculations . The RPN feature makes complex calculations easy to enter . Its easy to learn and you wo n't have to lend it to your co-workers in meetings because most of them do n't know RPN!I hope HP gives plenty of notice before discontinuing this calculator . I 'll buy another just in case mine breaks in a decade or two . END
 The HP 12C calculator is the perfect combination of techne and erte , both form and function . A timeless classic that I am sure my own children will use.This is the world 's longest in production , best selling , and best and most robust financial calculator , and there is a reason . Look past the retro cool look and design , and do n't smirk when you see this on the desk of 40 , 50 , and even 60 year-old finance executives
 I guess most folk looking at this page are looking for calculators for the CFA in which case the 12C is an easy decision -LRB- because anything more advanced is disallowed -RRB- . People will tell you the TI is easier to use but my HP 12C took me no more than a couple of hours to fully figure out . Your mileage may vary but I 'd highly recommend it . If nothing else it will definitely impress your colleagues and seniors after the CFA when you use this workhorse instead of the TI contraption because the latter sounds like a cop out on to the easier path -LRB- I am serious -RRB- . You may want to take HP 's RPN functionality for a ride , which may be overwhelming for the uninitiated at first . Try it on a few longish calculations . You will find it faster than the usual notation and less error prone -LRB- no brackets to keep track of , everything is linear , no storage -RRB- . Once you get the hang of it , you will find it indispensible . I bet this is one of the top reasons why people who like HP 12C adhere to it for a long term.If however you are looking at financial calculators in general for work or personal stuff , then I 'd strongly recommend the HP 42s . This is because 28s was discontinued despite being the best that HP has ever produced , and the uber-powerful 48GX with the additional ROM card from springer/Holland is astounding but if you need that level of functionality then let 's face it -- you need excel/mathematica/matlab on a powerful laptop :-RRB- ... so , in terms of immediate calculations , shape , portability , ease of use , simplicity and speed of getting , say , a Black/Scholes done , memorizing a smile , computing an implicit vol , memorizing an interest rate curve and a surface vol -- go with the 42s . Oh , did I mention that HPs have the longevity of cockroaches ? I 've had mine for 10 years now . Buy a calculator you like and will use , otherwise it is an expensive coaster .
 This device is a timeless classic , and for good reason . While you can find more powerful and feature-rich financial calculators , none can match the near flawless blend of form and function that this unit offers . Since its introduction in the early 80 's , it has been the hands down favorite of practically all serious financial professionals . With a little know-how on your part , this unit can be used to tackle a nearly endless array of financial problems , from simple time-value-of-money calculations to more complex situations such as yield-to-call on putable bonds and so on.Many of the more modern units use menu-driven interfaces to simplify some of the data entry , but frankly I like the 12C approach better because , in the end , you feel like you understand the results more clearly . In other words , it forces you to think about what you 're doing just a bit more , but the slight extra effort pays dividends in the form of a more solid understanding of the results and the methods used to get those results.As has been stated in numerous other reviews , you should be aware that this unit uses Reverse Polish Notation -LRB- RPN -RRB- as its sole data entry method . Once you get used to it , you will never want to go back to the algebraic method of entry . But it does take just a bit of effort to familiarize yourself with it if you 've never used it before.Rather than going on and on , basically just repeating what many have already said , let me just say that , after using many financial calculators , including the TI BA35II and HP 's own 17BII , the 12C is my personal favorite , followed somewhat closely by the 17BII . Although the TI offers good value , to me it lacks the polish and professionalism that HP brings to the table . Nevertheless , I concede that the value-oriented consumer would do well with the TI . But I wholeheartedly endorse the HP 12C as my personal recommendation.One last point regarding the calculation accuracy of this unit . The December 27 , 2002 review by cairns73 -LRB- see below -RRB- claims that this unit makes mistakes when calculating the payment amount with a non-integer number of payment periods . With all due respect to the reviewer , that statement is simply not correct . By default , the 12C calculates the payment amount with simple interest accruing during the odd period . But this mode of operation can be changed in order to accrue the odd period interest using compound -LRB- as opposed to simple -RRB- interest . To do so , simply press STO then EEX . After doing so , a small `` C '' appears in the display to indicate that compound interest will be used for odd period calculations . This easily takes care of the `` mistake . ''
 I have been using the HP12C since 1998 when I enrolled for the CFA study program.Although it is slower than other more powerful calculators , the HP12C gets the job done efficiently and without fuss . Most importantly , it is simple to operate . It has less bells and whistles than most other calculators but then again , you seldom need some of these extra functions . In truth , there are only a few basic functions that financial analysts use most of the time - and the HP12C does the job well . And I believe in 80/20-ing my life . 80 % of the time , you would only use 20 % of the functions . The size is also handy and fits into a shirt pocket easily.The HP12C is one of the 2 financial calculators permitted by the Association for Investment Management & Research to be used in the Chartered Financial Analyst exams . The other calculator being Texas Instrument 's BAII Plus . The HP12C is also recommended by CFA study notes publishers such as Stalla.I have grown attached to my HP12C and would buy another set if I should hear that HP intends to discontinue this model .
 I first bought this product over 20 years ago while I was selling real estate . It was a god send . I recently bought one for my grandson for his high school graduation , as he also wants to be in real estate . It will never let you down . Just take some time to read and learn how to properly use it . My batteries lasted 20 years , but I wont say that will be the case for everyone , since I had some down time due to illness . I would certainly recommend it for anyone needing a financial calculator .
 I have owned my 12c since the late 70 's . It still works great , it is simple to use , it is my go to workhorse in my desk drawer , it is what I pack when I go to a meeting when I may need one , it has suffered a reasonable amount of abuse over the years.It just keeps going , and going and going ...
 I love it . This calculator was a requirement for a property tax symposium . I have been using the calculator for a month now , and it is just great - all the calculation methods you could dream of . No need to complete a formula write down the value and then add to another formula . This calculator will allows multiple layer formulas in one calculation .
 This is a great little calculator that is easy to use , has readily visible display , and is n't too complicated . I was able to figure it out sufficiently within an hour to use it to take an exam . My only disappointment is lack of a net future value . It has future value and net present value , but not NFV . If this is n't a deal breaker , this is a great buy .
 Bought used and had one scratch , but didnt bother me . fast shipment and the ccalculator works like its suppose to .
 The calculator is in excellent condition . It performs all the functions I need for my finance class . Thank you very much .
 I purchased this unit to replace an HP 41CV that stopped working after 20 + years . These calculators are built to last . And I love the reverse Polish notation .
 Calculator is great , item was received very promptly , and as described . However the included soft case was packaged and folded improperly , and is defective .
 It 's a classic calculator for financial professionals . It will not get outdated any time soon . My professor said he has been using his for over 30 years .
 They were very helpful in a problem with my order , shipped out a certain part for no charge . Very good service
 It was a gift for my father , he is so happy to have -LRB- again -RRB- this calculator , he knew how to use it . He thinks is the best calculator for what he 's doing .
 Totemic cult object for any self-respecting person who works with money .
 This calculator is for those who believe ` only the best is good enough ' . It is stylish because of its original design , its classic , it is solid and feels good in your hands . I bought it recently and I love it . recomended for those who think diffrent ! ; -RRB-
 I 've had my hp 20C for 20 years . Still works great . Still does everything I want it to.I 'm stunned they still sell these things . Same design , same functionality , almost the same price -LRB- there were about $ 300 in 1985 -RRB- . What other piece of calculating electronics can claim the same thing ? When these came out the Internet was called Arpa net , Personal computers came with 32k memory , floppies had 360k capacity , modems were 300 baud and nobody had `` email '' .
 I had to get this calculator for work , and it does the job , but it 's kinda slow and looks kinda clunky . I guess that can be expected since it was first produced 20 + years ago and the design has n't changed at all . RPN -LRB- reverse polish notation -RRB- takes some getting used to , but it 's fine . I still prefer algebraic entry though . The thing is , if you have a job that involves finance , there really is no other calculator that you can buy unless you do n't mind being ridiculed by your coworkers .
 Just four days ago I turned on my trusty HP12C and the batteries were dead . I replaced them , but the calculator would do nothing when I pushed the buttons . 0.00 was all it had to say . I was devasted . I have had this same calculator since 1982 . Can you believe it ? I was absolutely amazed that the identical calculator is available today . It 's the best tool ever and I ca n't imagine ever using any other calculator . Yes , it takes a bit to get used to the order in which numbers are entered , but once past that this calculator will do just about everything for you . I am still in awe - twenty-five years with the SAME calculator ! Now I can pay my bills ...
 I remember seeing this calculator in my dad 's drawer when I was 5-6-7 years old , and was always intrigued by it due to its looks and the nice leather case in came in . 24 years later I find myself buying one for college too and amazed that HP made such a great product that its still used so many decades later.I highly recommend it and also highly recommend you read the manual . It is complicating to use at first but easy to learn .
 As a Certified Financial Planner I have used the same calculator model since the early 80 's . 25 years of use is a great value and now I have a new one .
 This is a good machine.This my second.The first one bought 15 years ago.Very good and very tough.Doesn ' t brake ...
 This calculator is easy to use without unnecessary , complicated buttons and reasonably heavy not like other toylike light calculators . What I like most is that its horizontal shape makes me grab it with two hands and press buttons using two thumbs . Its professional look is attractive .
 Maybe it 's not a scientific calculator , but for general business calculations , this does the job . And , perhaps more importantly , the elegant , high-class look of the HP12C makes your office look professional .
 thank you for seending me my product right away thank you very much.I could not have been satisfied that much . thank you . I am very cumfortable and happy .
 Even though this was a recondition 12c it works perfectly so I am a happy camper -LRB- realtor -RRB- saving the money .
 Does the work it is designed for , and on Amazon you get it for the right price .
 The product-HP 12c Financial Calculator was delivered in a timely manner . The calculator works fine and is what I expected .
 HP 12 C is the best an only financial calculator you will ever neeed !!!! never goes out of fashion !!! the best and only investment that never depreciates !!
 Fantastic !!! Amazon delivered it quickly and on time - i was very impressed.Looking forward to a lot more business with you guys !
 I just need it for a State test . Luckily my cram program shows how to use it for the needed results . After I pass the test I 'll never use it again .
 I ca n't really say any more than has already been said . This calc is the industry standard . I have used TI calcs many years because I could not get the reverse polish logic thing working in my head . Well , a friend encouraged me and now I 'm happily sailing along with my 12C . Get one , spend some time with it , and you will be satisfied . And this thing can do more than 98 % of the users will ever ask of it . The battery lasts forever too .
 I 'm taking a class on buying Apartment buildings and it was recommended by my mentor . We need this type of calculator to do the ` chain type ' of calcs required to analyze properties . It functions a little differently than a regular calculator , but after reading the manual , I found it easy to use . I now use it exclusively . Its slendor styling makes it fit in my purse without taking up too much space . I like it very much .
 For about 20 years I 've had this model and the only reason I 'm replacing it is because I lost mine . It may not be as sophisticated as newer models or as speedy , but its simplicity and reliability -LRB- and RPN ! -RRB- has convinced me to buy the same model . The positive feel of HP 's buttons is also something I like .
 I bought my HP-12C way back in december 1987 , and except for replacing the batteries , it just keeps crunching out the numbers . I 've had many , many calculators since late 70 's and the HP-12C has been my favorite and I consider it to be the best calculator that will ever be engineered . Just my opinon ...
 I first began using this ` calc ' in 1986 . A commercial realtor friend told me this was what `` everyone '' -LRB- everyone to be taken seriously -RRB- used . I carried it on vacation , to church , to the supermarket , and everywhere , determined to learn in any spare moment its secrets and work its magic . The 12C 's flat profile and compact size slips easily into a sportcoat pocket and you can rotate it continually in one hand just for fun ! The User 's Manual was not especially user friendly , but it was -LRB- is still ? -RRB- a key to the treasure . It also can be easily slipped into a pocket , but I found the glossy pages annoyingly difficult to pencil-in notes . HP also makes the cheaper 10B II calc that the College for Financial Planning -LRB- CFP -RRB- recommends for their coursework . I often use it at work , and when teaching at a local college I am not inclined to require students buy the more expensive HP 12C . The more expensive HP 17B II leaves me cold . There is an elegance to the 12C that has not been surpassed . I own two 12C 's just in case one is damaged ! The Polish notation -LRB- ` throw mother from the train a kiss ' viz . 6 , ENTER , 2 , + -LCB- answer -RCB- 8 -RRB- is an eccentricity -LRB- like Uncle Fred 's table manners -RRB- that is quickly embraced ... a price for membership to the club . HP actually makes a version of the 12C that allows you to change this feature , but my guess is that it has never gained popularity .
 The calculator is very good and does everything I expected it to do . The cover is a cheap vinyl one . Very flimsy . I used to have an HP similar to this one and the material of the cover was superior . Also the material of the calculator itself is not of the quality of the old one .
 The 12C that I brought in 1985 is still working ; during this time , the batteries only required three replacements.Perhaps HP might considers switching to LCD display on future models .
 WHY THIS BELATED REVIEW ? I feel very obliged to share my views about this old workhorse , the HP12C GOLD at its 25th anniversary and my 1Oth year as a satisfied ower user and fan . Especially after sharing my frank views on Amazon about two of its three successors on Amazon.com , burying the HP12c Platinum -LRB- 2004 1st release , HP12cP -RRB- and praising the HP12c Platiunum Anniversary Edition -LRB- 2006 3rd release , HP12cPAE or HP12cPA -RRB- . To the majority of HP 12c calculator owners and fans , including the non-techkie nerd like myself , the name Hewlett-Packard To the majority of HP 12c calculator owners and fans . The brandname of Hewlett-Packard is synonymous with the highest quality and best range offered in handheld electronic business financial calculators before the first generation of personal computers hits the desktops of business users.To date -LRB- December 2007 -RRB- , the bearer of this `` gold '' standard is none other than the HP12C HP 's `` golden boy '' in its calculator business segment.The HP12C now a matured product , is the only continuing HP handheld surviving calculator product since '81 and probably the longest selling electronic calculator ever . According to HP almost 15 million HP 12Cs , cPs was sold since , it is probably the best selling HP -LRB- and RPN -RRB- calculator ever.As a proven product , the HP12C `` gold '' works from day 1 , with its form factor and sofware remaining unchanged and has not been dethroned by rivals and even its HP successors which had come and go.Even with PC software versions being sold , the 12C remains the truly indispensable `` portable '' finance-business heldheld computer for its owners , professionals and students alike . This handy companion powers up immediately and is faster than any portable personal computers to jump right into the action.The HP12C is a serious product and the ultimate time tested solution , field tested proven by its users and survived all its rival products , the workhorse moves on.Anyone in charge of this HP line should always bear in mind that the continued production run of the HP 12c is a testimony of HP 's quality and standard expected by its customers.Don ' t just listen to a HP12C fan here , I own and am using three out of 4 models of the HP 12C series , and it is amusing and somewhat disappointing to observe that it had taken HP at least four years and two major upgrades of the HP 12c Platinium , in its futile attempt to `` fix & retire '' the HP12C with three successors in the form of HP12cPlatinum since 2004 . It would seems especially frustrating on the part of HP , to realize after all the effort spent on remaking the HP12cPlatinum models that it would not outdone its siblings the HP10bII and HP17bII + series to seriously challenge the HP12C Gold . However , by their own rights the HP10Bs and HP17Bs , and the HP12cPlatinum may find their rightful place in the HP financial calculator line , differentiating the HP12C GOLD in terms of price and functions.IMHO , this had happened because the following golden rules were infringed by HP ... GOLDEN RULE I - A PRODUCT WHICH STILL SELLS ITSELF IS NEVER OBSOLETE.GOLDEN RULE II - IF IT ARE N'T BROKEN , DO N't FIX IT ! `` The gold rule of thumb should always be guarded as gospel by the HP heldheld calculator product team . Based on the same reasoning , the HP12C 's built quality and product standard is paramount to its users.GOLDEN RULE III - ALWAYS LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS ! If in doubt , see rules I & II.GOLDEN RULE IV - ONLY OUTSOURCE THE MANUFACTURING OF YOUR PRODUCT TO SOMEONE WHO COULD BETTER YOUR OWN PRODUCT QUALITY . If in doubt ask IBM about Lenovo.GOLDEN RULE V - THE BENCHMARKING INDUSTRY STANDARD FOR THIS PRODUCT LINE IS THE HP12C . Just in case , if HP does not know or is not listening to its customers.GOLDEN RULE VI - DO NOT DISCONTINUE THE ICONIC HP12C GOLD . HP needs no reminder that the customer is always right . Please let your customer , the ultimate market force decide if the HP12C should ever be retired.As an ardent fan of HP12C and line of financial business & scientific calculators , I am of the view that the day when HP discontinue the HP12C would be the day it exit this business segment . I speculate this would happen when the HP brandname disappears from the 12C just like after IBM name had disappeared from ThinkPads and ThinkCentres.Since the price of GOLD is on the rise , it is indeed puzzling to fans of the HP12C , why HP did not release a genuine HP12C gold 25th anniversary model for the fans to mark the occasion , if replacing the discontinuing the HP12C GOLD is the intention READ ALL GOLDEN RULES above.To be fair , the silver HP12c Platinum Anniversary is very nice and has spotted the `` retro '' silver look of the HP 11C , however , it is still not the GOLD standard . With HP missing this golden opportunity to mark the occasion , I would love to see and own a HP 12C engraved with 50th Anniversary logo , reckon that this would be the ultimate testimony for the HP12C and a milestone for its fans.Looking forward , a GOLD 50th anniversary HP12C Anniversary model would be very nice for the fans.For HP , this is a lucrative business proposition . By now , they would have realized that if they have any of its products which could hit a 50th year home run in 2031 , it would not be from its other product line-it would be this original HP12C GOLD standard bearer . So please treat the old workhorse with the upmost respect !
 I bought one when they had been out for only two years . It is still my standard calculator for everyday problems -LRB- add , subtract , multiply . Who does division ? -RRB- . For financial problems , it ca n't be topped . Others pull out a computer with a spreadsheet , spend 20 minutes typing in the problem , 10 more correcting it . Fifteen seconds , I have the answer . Do n't get this one if you also need the scientific functions -LRB- sin , cos , etc. -RRB- , but do get it if you need financial calculations , and want the ease of RPN .
 I have a few HP-12C 's . I use them as an assessor and some quasi-appraisal functions such as amortization of loans and valuing cash flows . The newest one I have is much faster than the 25th anniversary version . It 's not because of one having old batteries either , I switched them back and forth and the results were the same . My 25th anniversary edition uses only 1 battery , while the newest one uses 2 . So it 's not the exact same calculator from the 80 's anymore , it 's the same layout and functions , but the newest ones are faster , they do IRR 's on 20 cycle cash flows instantly.For those new to the HP-12C , the main thing that sets the HP-12C apart is it uses something called Reverse Polish Notation -LRB- RPN -RRB- . RPN is a annotated way of doing math that is faster and easier -LRB- once you learn it . -RRB- For example : Normal calculator
 I purchased this calculator to aid in my computations of financial equations regarding bonds and the time value of money . It works perfectly . There are many functions and many keys , do n't be intimidated by that . The manual comes on CD and is literally over 200 pages long , but for basic stuff you need only go through the first 100 pages . If you have a basic understanding of the functions being preformed and the principles at work you 'll have no problem with this device .
 If you already have an iPhone you can get an app that imitates the HP 12c precisely and it costs less than three dollars . The calculations are perfect , they have n't failed me yet !
 Wow . I had heard rave reviews about the HP12C , but I had no idea that I too would be amazed by the calculator 's abilities . I am currently new to the finance industry , and the HP12C is the first finance calculator I purchased . All the notations and buttons were quite intimidating at first , but after reading the manual -LRB- which really does read like a good textbook -RRB- , I learned how to calculate present value , future value , interest rate , etc. of an investment and loan in 10 minutes . The more advanced calculations await , but I have no doubt that I can learn them just as quickly . The manual provides a good walk-through on many finance topics and clear instructions on how to do the calculations for almost any specific financial situation . When I say it 's like having Excel in your pocket , I really mean it
 I 'm really a 15c user , absolutely saddened to find out that it is no longer produced . All the good things that are said about these wonderful machines are true.One thing that seems to be missing from the comments is that these calculators are seemingly indestructible . I vividly remember a college classmate repeatedly throwing his backpack against walls . When you shook his HP it sounded like when you shake a box of Tic Tacs ... yet it never failed him . -LRB- Mine 's been running since ' 85 -RRB- Once you get used to RPN you 'll wonder how you ever did calculations before . When in school -LRB- engineering -RRB- this was a fantastic way to do long calculations.I have a mac and a pc in the office plus another mac and pc at home , other calculators and a Palm Pilot ... but when I have to do some quick math my HP 15c is what I look for.I 'll keep trying to find a 15c but may cave and just get the 12c .
 I 've started doing more finance stuff recently and went looking for a good time-value-of-money calculator . I was pleasantly surprised to find the HP12C was still available . I 've been using HP calculators for decades -LRB- HP-45 , HP-15 and now an HP-32SII -RRB- because of their great feel and long-lasting quality . However , it 's also true that the HP12C is probably the last relic of the great HP calculator legacy . It has ` Made In China ' stamped on the rear , but the keyboard feel seems much like my dear departed 15C . Hopefully it will have the same long-term durability.Why do I recommend this calculator ? * -RRB- RPN . In my world , the purpose of a calculator is to solve fairly straightforward math exercises quickly . If you 're a college student and need speed and pictures and parenthesis , buy a graphing calculator . If you 're solving Black-Scholl 's option equations , fire up Excel or something on your desktop computer . But for straightforward punch-it-in calculator work , nothing beats RPN entry . * -RRB- Fit and Finish . The keys have good tactile feedback . The display blinks on every entry . You just * know * you 've entered the data correctly . The purpose of a calculator is quick , accurate answers at your fingertips . If you do n't care about this , do n't waste money on this calculator -LRB- or any high-end TI or Casio -RRB- . Buy a $ 5 Walmart calculator . * -RRB- Straightforward financial calculations . Sure , I could write a program for my HP 32SII to do financial calculations . But why , when I can just key in the data directly to the HP12C , push dedicated financial keys , and get immediate answers . This calculator has most of the financial functions you need in a calculator -LRB- amortization , depreciation , NPV , date functions , etc. -RRB- along with the basic complement of standard calculator functions -LRB- ln , mean , standard deviation , factorial , etc -RRB- . The complexity level is about right for a calculator . It does n't take a computer science degree to operate it like the graphing calculators require , and it 's far more capable than the $ 5 Walmart brands . * -RRB- Speed . I see reviews complaining that this calculator is slow when doing things like IRR computations . They 're right . So what ? If your IRR computation is that complicated , use a spreadsheet . If you 're a college student taking exams , you 're better off with a graphing calculator anyway . For 99 % of the things the rest of us do with a calculator the 12C is more than fast enough , and the price of speed is power consumption . My 32SII is going on 10 years without a battery replacement , and I trust the 12C will have the same thrifty ways . It 's a pain to need a quick answer , reach for the calculator , and then find the batteries are exhausted . This was a regular occurence when I owned TI and Casio brands . I 've never had this problem with the HPs I 've owned.It also has some programming capabilities which some may find useful . Personally , I have n't used the programming mode in a calculator for many years . Almost invariably I find it easier to just pull up a spreadsheet or write some code.I suspect the under-30 crowd will find this calculator -- maybe the whole calculator premise -- feels ` dated ' , and in a way they 're right . However , if you 're one of those who , like me , use these tools every day and always want one nearby , I think you 'll like this calculator . For fit , finish , and a pleasant balance of performance with simplicity it seems to be on par with my earlier HP calculators . -LRB- Time will tell , I suppose , whether or not it has the same durability . -RRB- What is certain is that in the age of cellphones , PDAs and computers the era of high-quality long-lasting purpose-built calculators is going the way of the Dodo bird .
 I teach finance , have used this calculator -LRB- and very few replacements in that time -RRB- for close to 30 years . I 've tried other calculators from HP -LRB- various 17B and 19B versions -RRB- but nobody is ever going to pursuade me to change . I even have an additional 12C that I keep just for Black-Scholes pricing of options . It can price calls and puts , figure out implied volatility and the delta , and uses all 99 lines of the program -LRB- if anyone wants a copy of the program , just e-mail me -RRB- . It 's a great nuisance -LRB- !!! -RRB- if you ever inadvertantly erase the program , which is why , at this price , I can keep an HP-12C just for options -- I call it `` my BS calculator . `` At a price of around $ 60 , this could be the finest investment you 'll ever make .
 My old man bought me the HP 12C for my first finance class in college in 1990 . I used it through college , for my first job , and now my own business . It even survived the girlfriend 's dog -LRB- the case did not make it though -RRB- . After you use the 12c and get use to the RPN , using anything else seems antiquated.Quite possibly the finest mechanical/electronic item I have ever owned !
 This is as good as it gets . If you have any financial needs , this is the oNLY calculator to consider . It has the brain suitable for any and all financial calculations.this was the Gold Standard set by the Certified Commercial Investment Managers of the National Association of Realtors.In addition this has long battery life - like a couple of years with daily use .
 I just happened across this product while shopping for something else and was compelled to say something nice about the HP 12c . I bought mine in 1981 for $ 120 at my university bookstore . I still use it all of the time approaching 30 years later . Barely even need to change the batteries.Buy it !
 much lower cost than purchasing else where . Works great have used it for a while now . Buttons must be pushed with a little harder pressure than my last one but still rate this a good product and good value
 I had a 15C since my college days -LRB- 20 years ago -RRB- and still works like a charm , so , when I needed a financial calculator I bought 12C knowing I can not go wrong . I find both 12C and 15C to be the best calculators in market for a long long time .
 The best Calculator , in all times . It has n't change design , since it has been on the market , that means it is a hell of a calculator !
 As has been forever HP continues to be the world leader in hand held math tools .
 First of all , it was not really easy . Should carefully read manual first .
 Once you get used to using this calculator , others are unusable to you .
 The calculator is great -LRB- this is the second one I have -RRB- the other was too old . The shipping was really fast . Great in every way !
 Comes brand new and works very efficiently . Worth the one time purchase if you take finance classes or plan to go into finance . I use it more often than my TI-86 .
 This is the only calculator you will ever need ... and yes it WILL get you laid
 Sure its been around forever , and is invaluable for business professionals who must perform quick complex calculations , BUT , why is it still -LSB- price -RSB- ? ... For the majority of users , try the less expensive 10B . Almost all 10B -LSB- users -RSB- would never need the additional features of the 12C .
 Everything worked as hoped for , although the free shipping was slow . I love my new HP12C !
 This was purchased as a replacement for a worn out HP calculator . The service was quick and the calculator was just as anticipated .
 There is no better financial calculator than the HP12C . An industry standard that separates the clerks from the financiers .
 I 've had an HP 12C ever since they were first available , roughly twenty years ago . I 'm just in the process of buying another one , as my original one is finally and completely dead.If you 're in any business and have anything to do with money -LRB- outside of being a cashier -RRB- , this calculator is essential . It includes almost every financial function that you need , and quite a few that you probably do n't . Any problem involving the time value of money or finance is a snap with this mini-machine . The only potential problem that I can see for a new user is the RPN format -LRB- By the way , RPN stands for Reverse Polish Notation . It was invented by a Polish mathematician , Jan Lukasiewicz for symbolic logic . -RRB- RPN is different from the traditional method on entering equations into a calculator , but is easy to learn and use ... in fact , once you get used to it , the traditional way seems very clumsy . For die-hards , the HP 12C Platinum Edition includes both traditional and RPN entry methods and is the one that should be purchased .
 I have been using the SAME 12c calculator for the last 21 years - when I took my Intermediate Accounting class . The most amazing thing is that it is still running on the same original 3 button batteries . I used to worry about the batteries suddenly going dead when taking exams . Now I just assume that maybe my 12c is trying to outlast me .
 I bought my first HP12C in about 1984 or so , and it served me faithfully until 2002 when I lost it while travelling . I searched for another one to replace it , but found one difficult to come by in my area . So , I decided to buy up and purchased an HP 49G . What a mistake ! I know that many people view the HP 49G -LRB- now 49G + -RRB- as the flagship of the HP line , but for me that was a disaster.The 49G may be powerful , but using it is extremely counterintuitive ... and the manual was sketchy at best . The 12C , on the other hand , does what I need in a way that makes good sense to me.If you are looking for a solid , reliable calculator , the HP12C may be for you . It 's programmable . It does basic statistics well , and many business applications too . The manual makes sense ; you will be up and running in short order.I 'm ready to set my 49G aside and move back to my old friend . I did n't even have to replace the batteries in well over a decade of use!HP 12C , I 'm coming home !
 This is still the standard calculator for MBA 's at the top MBA programs . With a little practice , the many functions makes financial calculations a breeze ,
 I used this product wwhen i entered college , graduate school and my 15 years after . I lost it and had to purchase a new one . This is the best calculator around . A must have .
 For the money , this device is nothing short of a windfall for the purchaser/user . Indeed , though the HP-12C is `` outclassed '' in the `` speed '' and capability department -LRB- s -RRB- by the HP-17BII -LRB- an incredible device ! -RRB- and the HP-19BII , still , nobody , nobody can exhaust the capabilities of this tried and true device . As I like to say to my students -- and probably should have said in my HP-12C real estate book -LRB- `` Professional Real Estate Problem Solving Using the HP 12C '' -RRB- -- , if one were to use even one tenth of one percent -LRB- 0.10 % -RRB- of the financial computing capacity -LRB- this includes , for sure , the device 's programming capabilities ! -RRB- of this device on a daily basis , well , our income -LRB- s -RRB- would go `` off the charts '' . And , if this is `` good '' , well , the HP-17BII is probably 10 times the device , all for a few dollars more ! Clearly , HP has provided all of us with absolutely incredible financial calculators at bargain basement prices . The devices are gifts to the computing public.John A. Tirone
 I 've had mine for 18 years now and only changed batteries once and I bought it used from someone who could n't grasp true logic calc functions of RPN for just a few bucks . I have dropped it many times , lost the ! 2C emblem , been rained on , kicked around in lockers , briefcases , floorboards and still keeps going . If HP ever stops making this model as is , they would be big fools . Anyone who ever wants to refinance or obtain loans must get and learn how to use it . Look on your banker 's desk and chances are , there is an HP12C sitting there . Good handy tool for financial planning and bonds . I ought to buy another as a spare , but it just might be good for another decade or so . If only other HP products were as long lived as this calculator ...
 I prefer to use HP 12 C instead of Texas Instrument for CFA . Highly recommended as it 's beautifully engineered for financial equations
 If you are a finance/real estate person this is IT . The All-time Classic and the Best . If you need more than a 12c you should have your laptop open to MS Excel .
 I bought this for my Intro to Corporate Finance class , and it helped me out so much . Granted , it was n't the popular calculator in class , which meant I had to figure out how to calculate things through online tutorials . For first time users , please know that this calculator 's button usage is a little bit different . You 'll see what I mean when you start using it.I hear that this is the calculator required for the CPA exam . Guess I wo n't know that until I graduate and start sitting for the exam . I hope that 's true , so the money I spent on this will be worth it.Nevertheless , I can see why this calculator is so well known yet its look has yet to be updated . When you got something this good and this classic , it does n't need to be changed .
 When I was a young boy I was told in school that a belt , a watch and a wallet were needed to be ready for the day . When I got to business school I was told an HP-12C and McKinsey 's book on Valuation are needed to be ready for Wall Street . This calculator gets you half way there . Make the purchase . Learn Reverse Polish Notation .
 As a retired banker , I have used this product for over 20 years . It is invaluable for financial calculations . It does a many different types of financial calculations from present value to calculating yields for payment streams . If you are buying or leasing a car or any other item this calculator can tell you what interest rate you are paying . I have it with me most all time and have found it extremely reliable over the years .
 Best calculator ever made . You ca n't beat the HP 12C . Why did HP discontinue this ? I bought it in 2008 and have only gone through 2 sets of batteries , and I use it a lot . Once again , you ca n't beat the HP 12C .
 The calculator works great ! For the price I paid for it I definitely am pleased . I would recommend it to all ...
 The HP-12c is the financial calculator that has been around a long time for a reason ... it does what finance people need it to do . It takes some time to get comfortable with the keystroke logic , but the HP-12c is capable of very sophisticated calculations . Even with today 's interactive software and internet access to calculations , it 's good to have this as a standby .
 I 'm a current MBA student and wasted my first year with the BA-II Plus Professional . The buttons were hard to push and , in general , Excel could do everything easier and faster . I decided to try the 12C during my summer internship and quickly became addicted to RPN , as well as to the look and feel of the calculator itself . There 's a reason this is still a top seller after 30 years , and it 's not just nostalgia . I would recommend for any finance student .
 I lost my last HP 12C , which is the only way to stop using one , they run forever and have the best functionality . I 'm lost without it !
 The calculator responds well , and it holds firmly in my hands . It is easy to see why this calculator has endured over the years .
 This calculator is a cousin of the 10B finacial calculator -LRB- now discontinued -RRB- . It 's a good calculator with good button feel and a lot of preprogrammed functions including stats . However , the newer models have the keys and faceplate markings written in new colors that are hard to see . The picture on this page is of the old version of the calculator . The colors on the new ones make the calculator much harder to use in my opinion . They seem to get lost on the brown background .
 This is , quite simply , the best algebraic-notation calculator short of the graphical types . How is it superior ? Let me count the ways :1 . It has a 12-digit display , but it 's not limited to 12 digits . If it needs more display room , it will scroll .2 . It uses commas for thousands separators .3 . It has the easiest-to-use percentage calculations I 've ever used .4 . The display shows `` PEND '' when you 've hit an operator key -LRB- + , - , etc. -RRB- and it 's waiting for the operand . This is great when you 're doing involved calculations interspersed with thinking or looking info up . With other calculators , you come back from your diversion and have to think about whether you hit the operator key yet or not . Worse , some calculators change their behavior if you hit an operator key more than once , so you ca n't hit the operator key again without consequences .5 . It 's built really well , and the keys have a nice tactile feedback .6 . There are several other nice features , but I 'm running out of space . Suffice it to say , whoever designed this calculator knew how to make it pleasant to use as well as functional . Most other calculators are either too simple to be useful or too complicated to be useful . The HP20S strikes the right balance for me . I have two now and would buy a 3rd in a heartbeat if I could find one , just to have a spare , just in case .
 I bought my first HP 20S in 1988 when I started college . That one last about 8 years and then I bought another in 1996 which I am now replacing . These calculators are amazing . I work in a lab , and in the course of using them I have dropped them and spilled chemicals on them numerous times -LRB- they keys flooded but the calculator worked fine once it dried out -RRB- , and through it all they keep on working . THe first calculator i replaced because they keys wore out , this last one finally got hit with a chemical solution it couldnt ' handle . The 20S is very easy to use in an ergonomic sense because of the unique spacing of the keys . The way the calculator works in terms of which keys do what is very straightforward . The programmable nature is wonderful if you are doing repeated calculations . I wanted something that was a bit more advanced than the TI-35 I used in junior high school , but not something so complicated that i would never figure out to use it . This calculator fits the bill perfectly . I 'm now buying my third HP 20S in the last 12 years , and I ca n't recommend it enough .
 I purchased my HP 20S about six years ago and have had no problems . The best features are the keys , key layout and physical durability . The keys are a hard plastic and have an angled profile which makes the calculator easy to use when wearing protective gloves . The key layout is very useful for quick statistical entry and calculations . The durability of this calculator is amazing . It has been through more than I would like to admit , and still functions perfectly . I prefer algebraic entry over RPN and would recommend this calculator to anyone considering a top-notch non-RPN scientific calculator for heavy laboratory use .
 OK . I 've used my current 20S for years . As a programmer , I can get most of what I want from the computer itself . But for things like HEX - > DEC , DEC - > HEX , etc conversions , this one has been great . When I first bought it , I was not too happy about not having RPN . However , when my wife wanted to do some calculations , the non-RPNness was perfect for her . It 's been great for those incidental computations . Here 's where it looses stars . About 5 months ago , the batteries died . I bought new ones at Radio Shack -LRB- possibly part of the problem ... -RRB- and it worked great . . for about a month . I bought another set , it got me another month . It was at that point , I thought I 'd find a better calculator . I tried to order the 32ii but I got too impatient for the 1-2 week wait that quickly doubled . I 'm getting my second 20S now . It 's just what I want .
 I 've owned my HP 20S for 33 years . If I 'm not mistaken , I believe I paid less than $ 20 for it at the time , so I 'm rather shocked at how much they 're going for today -LRB- if you can find one , that is , as HP discontinued the model in 2002 from what I 've read -RRB- . Not often when something appreciates in value like that , especially a calculator!Obviously this calculator does n't have all the bells & whistles that many modern calculators do -LRB- graphing , multi-line display , etc -RRB- , but make no mistake ... this baby got me through college -LRB- a Math major , BTW -RRB- and beyond ! And unlike the , say , TI-84 , this puppy really is a `` pocket '' calculator that is easy to carry in a shirt pocket or stow efficiently in a confined space -LRB- e.g. briefcase -RRB- . The batteries last a surprisingly long time , but boy are they expensive to change when they go -LRB- almost as much as I originally paid for the calculator -RRB- ; but considering the price of a new calculator , maybe it 's not so bad after all . : - -RRB- Like I said , I 've owned -LRB- and used ! -RRB- mine for 33 years , so it 'll last awhile and is a handy little gadget to have .
 Rugged construction , comfortable keys.Lightweight , handy , thrifty with batteries.Businesslike appearance of quality , unlike the el cheapo plastic offerings by TI and the latest HP models . They just do n't build them like this anymore!My only real complaint about the keyboard layout is the fact that , to enter a power-of-ten exponent -LRB- EE function -RRB- , one must press two keys
 I bought an HP-20S calculator in 1988 , and I used it in my engineering job for the next 21 years , until I retired . It 's still going strong after 25 years of service . Of all the calculators that I 've owned , this is my favorite . Yes , it has a few quirks , but you get used to them . The calculator has been great on battery life - as heavy use that I 've given it , I 've only replaced the set of three LR44 batteries about three times.There are newer calculators with more bells and whistles , but the HP-20S is one of those rare classics that 's still a very usable device .
 I have had this beast for over 20 years . It has been through countless batteries and never failed . I could never count how many times I thought it would surely be destroyed from physical abuse ... Yet , it still works great . Stephen King should write a book about this calculator .
 Let 's face it ! If you are going to do a complex calculation , you are going to break out your PC and use MATLAB -LRB- insert your own favorite mathware here -RRB- where you can A -RRB- do the calculation right and B -RRB- not have a take a coffee break while your graphical calculator thinks.But so many times a day there is that quick calculation you need to run . What you need is a basic scientific calculator that can handle any of those run of the mill number crunches.I got my first HP20S as a science fair award when I was in High School and I used it for this purpose all the way to finishing my Masters in Engineering . I left my calculator behind in the lab when I graduated because I stupidly had used it for months wearing epoxy sticky latex gloves -LRB- the calculator worked fine , but who wants to use a sticky calculator -RRB- . I have small hands and I was able to hold this calculator in one hand and make all necessary computation using only a thumb . This is a feature I sorely miss ! Also , the keys would go `` klick-it '' when you depressed them so that you had very nice tactile feedback.One caveat , I can only speak to the calculator in the image above , and not to any changes that may have been made . Mine was originally purchased in the early 1990 's ! But boy I miss it !
 I have simply fallen in love with this one . There are just very few things that one can say are wrong with this calculator . In fact , i am really having to stretch my memory to find some faults in it.Someone dropped a cup a boiling tea over it just before one of my major exams . It worked then , and is still working just fine . I love the feel of the keys , since they arent as feeble and non existent as the ones in some of the other ones . It gives you a solid rugged look.Once you get used to this one , it is going to be very hard for you to switch to anything else . Trust me on this !
 This might be a little nerdy , but I 'm in love with my HP20s . It 's a simple-to-use calculator with a very logic arrangement of buttons ... It is also very solid , with sturdy keys and screen . I must 've dropped mine a thousand times , and I carry it in my backpack , which I toss carelessly around , and after more than 4 years , nothing has happened to it . It might not be the best calculator for too advanced math , but I 'm in my second year of engineering school and I still find good use for it . It should be noted that this calculator does n't feature RPN ... it really depends on what you prefer .
 This calculator is a good calculator with one exception
 The hp20s is a well build basic calculator that will last through years of use . It was a low end model when it was introduced by HP and does n't have RPN or any advanced math features , but what it does have is 99 % of what most people need in a handheld calculator in a nice package . HP 's and TI 's latest lower end models are plastic junk in comparison.Buy it if you can find one at a decent price ...
 I am not sure if I would buy one of this today but my brother had one I used too much and it was a very nice calculator ! I still have it . Well finished , 99 lines of program , 10 memories avaliable , built in programs including a root solver , 3x3 matrix algebra and numerical integration . It is a nom RPN calculator but this is not a problem ! Display is only one line and only numbers . It had a very nice manual . A very nice calculator I would like HP to make again . Perhaps with more program lines avaliable . Modern models like 33S are much more powerfull but do n't have the same quality . HP-20S was a real HP calculator !
 I bought my HP calculator in 1988 . The original battery lasted 22 years . The unit still works perfectly . Ifevery thing functioned like this product , the US economy would collapse as no one would have to replace anything .
 Bought this for my grandmother who was having problems with her eyesight . She loved the phone and appreciated the large buttons . We 've never had a problem with it . Great phone for the price !
 Has a lot of nice features but the screen has to be held looking directly at you in order for you to read it . This could be improved but over all a good calculator
 I think that the 10Bii will suit just about 90 % of all business courses or careers . It is nice to have the SOLVE function , but not worth spending 60 dollars more than the 10Bii .
 I 'VE HAD MY 17B SINCE 1988 . IT TRULY IS AN AWESOME CALCULATOR . USING SOME OF THE SUPPLEMENTARY 17B/19B BOOKS ENABLED ME TO ENTER ENORMOUS MORTAGE FORMULAS WHICH HAVE PROVED VERY VALUABLE WHEN SHOPPING FOR MORTGAGE 'S . IT IS NICE TO BE ABLE TO WALK THROUGH COMPLEX REAL ESTATE ISSUES WITH A BROKER WITH THE 17B . NOTHING BEAT THE 17B IN UPPER LEVEL FINANCE COURSES . SOLVING BOND DURATION , IRR AND OTHER COMMON EXAM PROBLEMS WERE A SNAP .
 The vendor performed as expected , the mdse arrived in excellent condition , and I would buy from this vendor again.Bob Manieri
 Programing become easy to me -LRB- Studip of programing -RRB- to slove the problem by ` Solve ' function . so that I throw my Casio FC-200 into rubbish bin after i use HP17BII .
 I 've owned the HP 17B for several years and it has work well for me . The controls are easy to use , and it only shows you the keys you need . I like the simple layout of the keyboard .
 HP17BII IS THE MOST USER-FRIENDLY CALCULATOR OF ALL MY CALCULATOR THAT I HAVE EVER USED .
 Easy to use . Great for use in finace industry . User friendly .
 One of the best features of this calculator is that the calculations -LRB- i.e. present value/future value calculations and basic mortgage payment calculations -RRB- are menu driven using a series of buttons at the top of the calculator . You simply input the data per the associated input button . In addition , this calculator is a lot easier to use than the 12B which is the standard in the leasing industry . The 17B version allows you to input your data in a straight forward fashion rather than the `` reverse '' data input method of the 12C . HP also did a good job with the instructional booklet you receive with the calculator . The booklet gives you numerous sample problems and does a good job of highlighting the capabilities of the calculator in an easy to understand format without all the technical jargon . I would n't be without this calculator .
 Look no further . The classic HP workhorse is a legend for good reason . This is the best financial calculator available . It is durable , easy to use , and highly versatile . Many HP calc lovers prefer the 12C to this because of size . Fair enough , but if you do n't have the time or care to learn RPN then the 17BII is your ticket as it allows either RPN or algabraic entry.The programmable solver is an awesome tool as it saves a ton of time for calcs outside of the 250 preprogrammed . Also , the feel of the push button keys are superior to other brands . There is no doubt an entry took place . Excellent battery life . Sure it is a little pricey compared to other financial calculators but you will never need another . This baby is built like a '56 Buick and will probably outlast you . If you are searching for a financial calculator then you understand the importance of value over low cost . This is the one .
 The HP-17ii is the most intuitively clear financial calculator I have ever seen or used.I have been teaching finance for undergraduate and graduate students for a number of years . This calculator , although expensive , is the best of the bunch . I have used HP-12C and HP-18 , a wide variety of -LRB- poorly constructed -RRB- TI calculators , but I have not found a more apt , easy to use , intuitive calculator than the HP-17ii . My graduate students find it very useful and easy to use . For them the RPN is not a problem.While the 12C is considered the `` industry standard '' , it is very difficult to use ; it is an old platform and slow . The -LSB- $ -RSB- price difference is well worth it . Although the HP-17ii is widely used in the investment business , it can not be used on the AIMR administered CFA exams . This is a consideration.The only problem I have is the price ; it is not entirely possible to ask undergraduate students at a public institution to fork out -LSB- $ -RSB- . In my undergraduate classes I use the HP-10 .
 This calculator will never need to be replaced . It is a typical HP product - fantastic tools , durable , entirely customer focused .
 If you are a business student or finance professional , the HP 17BII is the financial calculator to purchase . It provides the necessary functionality -LRB- e.g. solves the appropriate kinds of time value of money & IRR problems , provides memory , etc. -RRB- , but what I really find useful is `` intuitive '' data entry in solving these problems relative to the HP 12C -LRB- which I also own -RRB- . For Chartered Financial Analyst -LRB- CFA -RRB- candidates , it is also the `` top-of-the-line '' HP model since the more advanced versions are programmable , which is disallowed by the AIMR during testing .
 I have used the HP17BII for about 6 years now . I also own a 19B . I really like the 17BII for all of its functionality . It got me thru undergrad -LRB- Wayne State U in Detroit -RRB- and grad school and became the recommended calculator at my school -LRB- Clark Atlanta U -RRB- for all grad and undergrad students . Unlike some of the lesser priced machines , the 17BII will still be functional when you are in the work force doing a complex Black-Scholes calculation . I really believe that it is the absolute best financial calculator out there followed by the 19B , 10B , 12C and then the BAII plus .
 This calculator made my life a whole lot easier in my accounting and finance classes . The time value of money , cash flow , and bond calculations are done by the calculator very effectively . It takes time to learn how to do the calculations , but the booklet has great examples on how to . For management graduate students this is a requirement to have , but I noticed none other of my fellow undergraduates have this calculator nor have even heard of it . To do the time value of money and other related calculations by hand takes time and is difficult while this caculator can do it in seconds . It was a huge advantage to have this . A great tool for any accounting or finance major during college and after graduation .
 Nothing else even comes close . None of that annoying 5 minute wait like the 12c while you stare at a screen that says `` running '' . Also , the 17b2 + has been visually cheapened -LRB- cheap plastic , rather than the metal-like cover -RRB- . This is the banking gold standard . Easy to use and very intuitive .
 The 17BII is an extremely useful calculator for anyone in the financial services industry , in any business field who needs some heavy math functionality , and it is simple enough for anyone else to use if they just want to understand how their mortgage or car payment is derived . It is extremely durable - I have had the same calculator for many , many years and have dropped it too many times to count -LRB- and before that my HP 10B was just as durable -RRB- . The calculator , of course , has all the basic math functions , including logarithmic calculations , and a simple to use memory store/recall setup . Most of the powerful functions are accessed through the simple `` softkey '' on-screen menu/submenu system where the function of the buttons at the top changes depending on what you are trying to calculate . These features include a full `` time value of money '' complement including NPV , FV , IRR , required periodic payment -LRB- i.e. for mortgage/car payments -RRB- , and a full bond price/yield/coupon function.The 17BII is also programmable and do n't underestimate this . A user can create his own formula -LRB- e.g. an involved formula or a series of several calculations done in a row and done on a regular basis -RRB- , create softkeys for the formula , and then access this formula the same way the other formulas like time value of money are accessed . As an example , I took the very lengthy Black-Sholes option pricing equation , programmed it as a formula , and now options pricing throught the HP takes seconds.The 17BII is not for everyone . If you really must have all the bells and whistles including scientific formulas and PDA functionality , go with the 19BII - too clunky for my tastes . If you just want a simple financial calculator to be able to talk intelligently with your mortgage broker or car salesman about financing , get the 10BII . Again , for anyone in the financial services industry , for mainstream business application or for the motivated/curious non-business person , the 17BII is it .
 I have used my 17BII since 1992 , and it has withstood being dropped , carried in a backpack with tons of accounting texts , stuffed into overfull briefcases and every other sort of indignity imaginable with the exception of being dropped into water . Most of its life , I have not had the protective slipcover to protect it . I generally use only the present value functions and the amortization functions.My Handspring Visor recently pushed this calculator out of my shirt pocket after 9 years . If you want a financial calculator , this is the way to go , no question . Reliable and very intuitive . The HP-12C is not even in the same league as this calculator for ease of use . The menu-driven interface makes this evry easy to get up to speed on.This calculator also has some useful alarm/date functions that can be used as a rudimentary planner . You can also program equations and solve for a variety of variables that you can define yourself . This is very useful for on-the-fly `` what if '' calculations .
 After the classic HP12C , this is the best financial calculator they ever made . My old one has n't worn out , but I bought a NIB replacement at auction for when it does . This has all the functionality of the more cumbersom 19B , but in a better designed handheld size . I love my 12C , but this is the calculator I wish I had in grad school . The keys are fantastic , the menus are logical and fluid , the case is super rugged , and it is just all around excellent . I 'm a messy klutz and have dropped mine and sat on it dozens of times and it still works like a the day I turned it on . I wish HP would re-issue it .
 Traded my 12c in for this baby and could n't be happier . Much faster and user-friendly , with alphanumeric display and great solver functionality . Easy to program too , programming on the 12c was so clumsy and convoluted as to be unusable . It can be held in your left hand and operated with your thumb only , something you ca n't do with the 12c because of the horizontal form factor.I 'm more and more convinced that the popularity of the 12c is a clear sign that finance people do n't have much of a clue when it comes to technology .
 Contrary to several reviews espousing this calculator and simultaneously mentioning the CFA exams , as of this past year the 17BII is NO LONGER allowed for use in the CFA exams . This may be a wonderful calculator , and I am thinking of buying one for other purposes , but if you plan to buy one for use in the CFA program , do NOT buy this calculator - buy the TI BAIIPlus or the HP-12C -LRB- the latter is my favorite -RRB- .
 HP has released this calculator in several revisions , including the 17BII -LRB- gold faceplate -RRB- , and the 17BII + with silver faceplate , then 17BII + with gold faceplate . They 're similar but not identical , and the newer varieties are not obviously preferable to the older ones . In particular , with each revision the screen got better and the keyboard got worse . The original model has a very narrow viewing angle and has to be viewed almost straight-on . The BII + gold is better , and the BII + silver -LRB- the newest one -RRB- is best . With keypads , the original is most solid and the new one is lousy , lacking even an oversized INPUT key.The newer ones have more memory , but they 're not any quicker than the original . I never program mine anyway ; I always have a laptop nearby if I need something that the built-in functions ca n't handle.For me , the keyboard is more important than the screen , so I prefer the 17BII , but they 're all pretty good and you should choose whichever best fits your preferences .
 Using this calculater on the CFA exam can get you kicked out ! Just thought I 'd set the record straight.From the AIMR website : Two models of business calculator are authorized for use on the CFA examinations
 This is the best calculator that I have ever used.I acquired it immediately prior to purchasing a car . The loan calculation function allowed me to compare and contrast the different loan packages , interest rates , length of loan and other variables.Want to know how much your 401 -LRB- k -RRB- will be worth when you are 59 years old ? You can select a financial calculation that will let you insert the present value , monthly contribution and years to retirement . You can then determine the dollar value assuming a return of 5 % , 6 % , 7 % and so on.The inherent power and financial tools available in this calculator will pay for itself in a very short while . The soft cover paperback manual easily and throughly explanes all financial functions and can be read in less then 3 hours.Why hire an accountant or MBA when you can do it yourself ?
 I received the calculator when expected and it was exactly as advertised . I 'm veryhappy with everything from orderng , shpping and product condtiions .
 The calculator looks almost as new , a big blow its that it doesnt arrive with any battery and the book instruction guide .
 Calculator arrived timely and in perfect condition . You would never know this item was used . I 'm so glad this was available since they do n't make them anymore .
 I 've been using this for about ten years.I am a financial planner/advisor . I use this EVERY DAY . I like that it allows you to use RPN -LRB- reverse polish notation -RRB- . My only complaint is that the four registers it has could be increased a bit . This is n't often a problem for me , but how hard would it be to have ten , instead of four?This is just a fantastic product .
 It is infinitely more user friendlier than the industrial standard 12C , and it is half the size of 19BII -LRB- when opened -RRB- while retaining most of the core functionality . It has RPN for financial geek within us , while maintaining algebraic notation option for the newly initiated . There is no other financial calculator one should look at .
 I have used this calculator for over two years . It is easy to use with a large clear display . You do n't need to spend much time with the instruction book because it the buttons are clearly marked and the layout logical . I have tried other financial calculators and this is by far the easiest to use .
 I 've had one of these since 1992 and I love it . I just came across this site when I thought I had lost mine and I was freaking out wondering how I 'd get by without it.I 'm a little surprised that it has n't dropped in price over the years and I 'd like it if it had a rolodex-type function , but you can sort of get that by storing addresses and numbers as functions.The financial functions rock , as does the solve menu . The menu-driven format is also neat , as it saves on clutter on the keypad .
 This calculator got me through my BBA and MBA . It 's too bad the CFA guys do n't accept it . I 've had mine since 1992 . At least the one produced back then was tough . If you use it a lot , though , it will go through your batteries . Carry some spares . I wish HP would integrate some sort of recharchable batterie witha solar panel so that none of the stored functions are lost .
 Frankly , can I , can anyone add more to what has been said about this extremely powerful -- though bargain-basement priced -- device ? Let me just say that if you use the Equation Solver in this device it will open up for you a world of -LRB- inexpensive ! -RRB- computing capability . My personal feelings are that the SOLVER is worth 5 -LRB- yes , `` five '' ! -RRB- times the price of the device if you use it . In my HP-17BII real estate book -LRB- `` Professional Real Estate Problem Solving Using the HP-17BII '' -- carried by amazon under `` HP-17ii '' !!! -RRB- I do a number of admittedly high-level calculations , none of which would be possible in a financial calculator that lacks an Equation Solver . For example , one can take an income property appraisal problem with INCOME increasing -LRB- or `` decreasing '' , if you like !! -RRB- on an annual basis and have ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES increase or decrease at a rate different from that of the operating INCOME -LRB- this is a typical `` Ellwood '' type situation -RRB- . To this data we can add a `` slew '' of data and the HP-17BII -LRB- or indeed the HP-19BII ! -RRB- will grind-out Value -LRB- `` Vo '' -RRB- -- estimated , of course ! -- of the property or you can compute -LRB- in a flash ! -RRB- the Equity Yield -LRB- YE -RRB- of the property -LRB- try doing this w/o a SOLVER -- you would need high-level software or you could `` have fun '' and do it `` by hand '' with one of the techniques from Numerical Analysis -RRB- . And , for sure , the device does straightforward as well as `` simple stuff '' ; it is truly a magnificent device -LRB- as is the HP-19BII -RRB- , though I guess one can question if not `` argue '' just how much computing power do we really need ? Sincerely , I do n't have an answer to this question , but I surely enjoy the power of this device ...
 Pros - 17BII has a bunch of built-in financial and statistical functions invaluable for CFA candidates . You can be sure that if you have 17BII on your desk in the CFA test-room you can save enough time on your quant and asset valuation questions to concentrate more on qualitative things . - It is quick and easy to use if you know the basics of finance . - Its operations manual is a corporate finace text-book in itself.Cons - Honestly , I did not like the display . Even in sharp contrast mode you see nothing unless you look directly at the calculator at the very narrow visual angle . When I prepared for my Level I CFA exam , it took me more time to SEE the result -LRB- moving my 17BII on the table -RRB- than to calculate it . - Unfortunately , it is impossible to buy 17BII here in Moscow . Can HP sales force tell me why ? I got mine as a business gift from colleague in NY five years ago . Maybe he does not even know how he has facilitated my life as financial analyst.My recommendation
 The premiere business and financial calculator with over 250 built-in functions . Its menu driven set-up makes it very user-friendly . Most of the powerful functions are accessed through the simple `` softkey '' on-screen menu/submenu system where the function of the buttons at the top changes depending on what you are trying to calculate.Features include : * All basic math functions plus logarithms , reciprocal , factorial etc. and a simple to use memory/recall set-up . * Business/financial functions including Time Value of Money , cash flows , IRR , NPV , , required periodic payment -LRB- i.e. for mortgage/car payments -RRB- , and a full bond price/yield/coupon function . * Programmable -- user can : * Create own formulas -LRB- e.g. an involved formula or a series of several calculations done in a row or done on a regular basis -RRB- , * Create softkeys for the formula , and then * Access this formula the same way the other formulas like time value of money are accessed . * Statistics . * Algebraic solver . * Time and appointments . * A beeper which beeps on appointments and optionally on errors . * 6.7 K Bytes of user memory * 2-line , 22-character LCD * Both Algebraic notation -LRB- default -RRB- and Reverse Polish notation * Infrared printing compatible with HP printers . * Batteries
 Super durable and reliable
 I found this calculator very easy to use . The manual is written in a very easy language and I learned all the functions within an hour.There are some functions that are redundant . For example you can calculate the markup on cost with simple percentage functions , you do n't really need a special functionality for that . It 's just confusing , since it 's another button you have to remember . There are couple more of those examples.But overall , it 's a great working horse for everybody who works in a bank or fianacial institution .
 I have used -LRB- and own -RRB- many of the available financial calculators on the market . I `` recommend '' the HP-10B to my university finance students , both graduate and undergraduate.The HP 10B is a directly positioned competitor to the TI-BA-II + , but HP 's entry is superior . The keys feel more solid , the machine itself `` seems '' better made . Having worn out more than one of each , my experience has been that the HP has more staying power . And , the TI-BA-II + often requires more keystrokes to accomplish the same tasks -LRB- i.e. , NPV calculations -RRB- . ... The HP 10B has a well written manual , including examples on using the function . HP has the manual available on-line on their website for the inevitable time that the user needs it and has lost the original.While there are cheaper financial calculators , it seems that this particular level is the minimum I would recommend to professionals or students . Less expensive versions , while saving a few dollars , miss important features . As a general rule of thumb , if the calculator can perform the `` IRR '' function , as this can , it will be able to handle pretty much any calculation into which the finance student , professonal , or banker will run . Lesser machines do not have this function.Ironically , even larger fancier calculators , such as the venerable HP-12C , are in my estimation inferior as well . The 12C uses RPN logic which , while saving even more keystrokes , is simply foreign to most students . More importantly , some functions , such as the Time Value of Money functions , on the 12C require interpretation . On the 12C , for example , solving for the number of periods in an annuity , the value gets rounded UP to the next integer.Strongly recommended as the best value in inexpensive financial calculators .
 I have owned all of Hewlett Packard 's financial calculators . The HP-10B has several features that make it the calculator I like to use . It has a 1 line BOLD display , which makes it very easy to read . This feature is extremely important to me , as my eyes are n't as good as they once were . It has all of the standard financial functions , such as uneven cash flow analysis and TVM -LRB- time value of money -RRB- . The only thing I miss on the 10B is RPN . It would be nice if that were an option , along with a built in cover , like the HP-19B . I solved the cover problem with an Astech plastic case , which , unfortunately , is no longer available . If your vision is less than perfect and you do n't want to spend alot of money for a financial calculator , you will be very pleased with the 10B . Even if you have perfect vision , you wo n't go wrong with this calculator .
 This is a well designed calculator for quick TVM , cashflow and basic business as well as light statistical calculations . This specific model was required for an MBA Finance class I took recently , or I probably would not have purchased , as I already had a TI Business Scientific -LRB- now renamed to Business II or something like that . -RRB- A few classical basic scientific functions are included as well except for trig . The numerical range of the calculator -LRB- E + / -499 power -RRB- is impressive and consistant with the HP 20S mid-range scientific . The keyboard is well laid out , and the calculator helps maintain the high quality HP image . At recent prices like Amazon 's it is a bargan , and occasionally has a $ 5 rebate which makes almost a gift . If you need something more powerful , look at the HP-17BII -LRB- quite a bit pricier if you do n't need the power -RRB- or even higher end business models HP makes in the clamshell .
 I bought this calculator as required equipment for my CFP program . It is far more capable than the old TI BA-II I had used for years . I spent about an hour going through the well written manual and doing practice problems to familiarize myself with the calculator 's logic . You can do all kinds of cash flow analyses with it that are not possible on the TI . I use the Time Value of Money calculations frequently , and you can even change the payments and rate of return in specific periods . The only thing it wo n't do is print out the information!I would recommend it for any financial professional or a serious do-it-yourself financial planner .
 Bought the critter in 1987 , over 20 years ago . It still functions wonderfully . The display is clear and crisp and the writing upon the buttons and the body of the calculator are fade-free . I do not know if the units made today or in the recent past are made as well , designed to last as long , but if the same tooling and components are used one could assume the newer units would last as long as mine has.I am still amazed , pert ' near astounded , at the battery longevity . The original three round button-style batteries dwell within the case . I peek at them occasionally to say `` Hi '' and ensure that no corrosion is swarming and multiplying upon them akin to bacteria within one of Petri 's dishes.So far , no corrosion or any indication of leakage . Reminds me of an electrically powered faux rabbit operating a percussion instrument ... you know the refrain ... going and going and going.Will these batteries never die ? Will they outlive me ? Could I possibly possess the sought for lusted-after perpetual motion machine or its electronic equivalent?I never bothered to spawn so I have no progeny to pass this mini electronic brain to when I pass beyond this plane of existence . Sniff . Maybe this calculator and its awesome batteries is capable of providing multi-generational operation.Hopefully others of the human herd will obtain the same or similar satisfaction I have obtained from this product.And may your batteries live long and prosper as mine have.UPDATEMarch 29 , 2011 and the three button batteries continue to provide ample power and still nary a hint of corrosion.I am sated.UPDATE UPDATEDIt is September 12 , 2012 ; an infamous day for some reason , assuredly , other than my public proclamation that the honorable HP 10b is still operating with the same 3 original button batteries.The critter is sitting on my desk staring at me . The back side of the case declares the unit was built in Singapore . Opening the battery access portal I peek at the batteries ; LR-44 style by Panasonic with `` Japan '' etched alongside the other informative etchings . Or , more likely , molded into the battery outer shell locking in the electricity-creating chemicals within akin to the containment vessel of an aircraft carrier 's 2 containment shells for the 2 reactors propelling the 90,000 tone of massive metal through ocean swells.The sga continues ...
 I 've used the HP 10B almost daily for the entire 16 years I 've been a mortgage loan officer . Next to a telephone and computer , this is one of the essential tools of my business -- and one of the all-time best-designed electronic devices I 've ever owned . The 10B is easy to use , exceedingly reliable , well-built , and rugged . It comes with well-written manual that clearly explains the basic types of real-life financial calculations and provides keystroke-by-keystroke examples of each . This calculator does not use the `` reverse Polish '' keystroke sequences of the classic HP 12C . It 's simpler and has fewer whistles and bells . That 's why I like it . I do n't want an overload of useless esoteric whistles and bells . I do n't want a complicated calculator . I need a simple one that does just the things I need and not much more . This machine fits the bill perfectly . Its lack of bloatware and feature overload keeps it simple to operate . The only thing it does n't do that I need to do as a loan officer -LRB- but that the HP 12C does do -RRB- is to add and subtract dates and numbers of days . For that I keep an Excel spreadsheet on the Start menu of my desktop computer .
 I purchased my first HP 10B when I was in college in 1996 to work towards my degree in finance & economics . The only thing that I have had to do with this unit is to replace the batteries approximately 4-5 times . I use this calculator for everything ... cash flows , deciding on mortages & daily household checkbook purposes and it handles everything flawlessly.I absolutely love the layout of this calculator and especially the feel and position of the buttons . A few years ago I purchased one of the newer versions of the HP 10B and it was the worst $ 30 I have spent in a while . It felt of poor and cheap construction and it has set untouched , unused for 12 months . I wish HP would go back to the original construction for future customers but for me I hope my original lasts for another 15 years !
 even though not made anymore , excellent construction quality and features . much better than the 10bII . also check out a site called '' -LSB- ... -RSB- '' . manual for 10bcan be downloaded from hp company website .
 This is a great financial calculator and it arrived much earlier than predicted . I am very satisfied with this product !
 My husband lost a calculator he had used for 25 years . We were so excited to find the exact replacement !! It was a nostalgia thing . And he thinks I 'm wonderful for finding it . Ha So happy you had it in your `` inventory '' .
 I 'd recommend this company . The product was in perfect condition , shipped quick and the price was the best I could find . The reviews on this product were very good and I completely agree . I was taking a graduate class in Finance and I 'm glad I went with this one . I like it better than the TI calculator that the instructor had recommended .
 Amazon-verified purchase review
 got this calculator for a business finance class preforms all necessary functions without the brand new price ! totally worth the buy !
 The HP 10B is a great business calculator . I used the HP 12C for many years , but bought this because of a class I 'm taking , and I 'm totally happy with it . I hear it 's not available anymore , which is why I looked for it on Amazon .
 I have owned my HP 10B since 1996 , and have worked this baby to the ground . You know what ? Still works like it did the first day I bought it . Actually purchased the HP 10BII in 2002 , and the thing made mistakes . Never use it anymore . Made in China , whereas the 10b is made in Indonesia . May have something to do with it . If you can buy one used and cheap , do n't hesitate .
 I had bought a cheap TI calculator in a grocery store , and was very unhappy with the tactile feedback of button pushing . I always had to check the display to see if the numbers that were being input were actually registering correctly . This HP-10B not only has a good display , but it is also comfortable to hold , and it feels good when you use it . That 's all I was looking for . I do n't actually use any of the financial functions .
 Every comment here is right .1 . This calculator can do everything but change the baby 's Pampers .2 It is S L O W E R -LSB- drawing a graph -RSB- than the class dunce .3 It is the best graphing calculator for the money .4 It is made really well and will be working for your heirs long after your in the graveyard -LSB- but do leave them the users guide -RSB- 5 It uses both RPN and/or algebraic input .6 No-One whom I know uses all the functions of this calculator .7 The review is almost scary nearly suggesting this is not a device for mere mortals . Hogwash , my grand nephew who is blessed with the same average intelligence as I has used this calculator in middle schoolThere is a grand debate
 The best programable calculator is right here . Thing every engineer must have . Version 48G + comes with 128K RAM at the price of 48G with 32K RAM . Relly powerful tool - I like it .
 This calculator is the best buy out of all the graphing calculators out there . It 's simple to use , has 128k , an infa red port -LRB- you can controll TV 's and stuff -RRB- , it can play 2 sounds at once -LRB- no TI can do this -RRB- , and it has a bunch of software and games that can be loaded on ... I 'd recomend this to anyone looking for a good graphing calculator for a good price .
 This calc is the most powerful calc if you consider the price . It 's a little hard to use , but once you learned how to use it , you can do a lot of things with it . Physically , it 's hard and durable , I think it can fall from a 2nd floor building and it wo n't brake at all . It has many maths functions
 As an engineer of 30 + years , and now an engineering professor , I truly believe the HP 48G series of calculators is one of the best calculators ever developed ... even if it is not the most intuitive . I remember starting college with a TI calculator -LRB- an SR-50 -RRB- . At some point , someone turned me onto the HP calculators of the day . After using one for a short period , I knew this was the way calculators were suppose to work . Very fast , very logical , very easy to use!The major reason most persons do not like the HP is due to the RPN -LRB- Reverse Polish Notation -RRB- logic and RPL -LRB- Reverse Polish Lisp -RRB- language employed by the HP ; generally because they do not understand it . RPN logic is how math is done , even pencil on paper . It is extremely logical . Even algebraic entry calculators , when not set to textbook entry , employ RPN logic for functions -LRB- ie
 HP 's line of calculators are * really * well done.I 've been using my HP48g + for almost 2.5 years , and there is n't enough good things I can say about it ! -LRB- Minas the lack of speed , due to a 4.3 mhz processor -RRB- The HP48 line of calculators present a scalable , fun , and neat product . There are so many neat things I 've been able to do , such as change the TV channel , play songs , play games , and oh yes ... do math!If you are looking at the TI line , they are alright , but nowheres near as fun as a HP48 . The TI 's might have better hardware compared to the 48 , but it 's software smells ! Take it 's GUI for example , it has none ! You punch in numbers and it calculates the answer!My number one favorite thing about the HP calculator is it 's softkeys ... they make it so much easier to operate !
 I started owning the HP 48S calculator 10 years ago when I was in high school . Been using it at Cal while I was there . Actually , almost everybody in EECS major owns an HP48 . When the HP48G model came out , I gave the old one to my cousin and bought this one for myself . And I am still using it at work now . This calculator can do ALL the `` calculatable '' stuff and much more . Just try sin -LRB- i -RRB- or i ^ i or 200 ! -LRB- where `` i '' is the complex number sqrt -LRB- -1 -RRB- , '' ! '' denotes factorial -RRB- on a calculator other than HP48/49 , you will get an error . However , there is still many area that this calculator -LRB- or any other calculator -RRB- can improve on . One of the major one is doing the symbolic calculation -- as in symbolic integration . But this requires much more cpu power than just a calculator . So I do n't blame them for this . And as an added bonus , you can download thousands of freely available software to your calculator to make it into a PDA , remote control , play games or just expand it into a more powerful calculator -LRB- like calculating factorial of 1000 -RRB- . Overall , I found this calculator to be nearly perfect . As a math or engineering student in any grade level , you should definitly own one of these . If you are thinking just to get pass your algebra class , than forget it ! You wo n't even know how to add using the calculator before your semester is over .
 After almost 20 years , my HP48G + has just died . All other calculators , even other HPs , felt like toys to me compared to this thing . I never programmed it , and never used it for graphing , but for dealing with long tables of figures it was the best tool I 've ever used . Yes , spreadsheets and computer algebra systems are more powerful , but they 're not as portable and they take a lot longer to boot up and navigate . RPN calculators on an iPhone or iPad are useful , but they 're not as good as a real calculator with real buttons to press.Reviewing HP 's current lineup , I think I may get anHP 35s . It 's kind of pricey though ; the era of the pocket calculator is truly over .
 Hp 48G is GreatEnouth Said
 During the many years going to college -LRB- I majored in Finance -RRB- , working as a Banker , and now as a Realtor/Loan Officer , I have used many different financial calculators made by Sharp , HP , and Texas Instruments , etc. . Each of the calculators I 've tried has some good points and some bad ones . However , if you work in real estate , this calculator is made for you . It is loaded with excellent features specifically designed for this industry . I paid over $ 80 for my calculator when it first came out , and I felt I got every penny 's worth . At the current price of less than forty bucks , it 's absolutely a bargain!Another reviewer on this page complains about the responsiveness of the keys . I simply do n't have any problem like that at all . He or she must have had a defective one . I always tap the keys very fast , and the numbers come out all right.In short , if you 're heavily involved with real estate and mortgages , I highly recommend you to give this calculator a try !
 Some reviewers say that they have a problem with not hitting the keys hard enough will give them bad results . I have to disagree . Maybe they did some design changes , cause now it is not a problem to quickly skim and hit the keys for accurate results . All the wasted time spent with with my old financial calc . and a pen and paper . Well worth the 32 bucks I paid . Highly recommended !!!
 This is an excellent price for this calculator . I have priced them , and even `` wholesale '' through a broker it costs $ 60.00 !
 Very nice product , fully featured and at a bargain price
 I 've been a mortgage broker and user of 3 calulator for over 9 years . It is simple great ! The other `` reviewers '' here that are whining about having to `` hit the keys in the center '' or their views about HP vs TI are babies and need to find a chat site where they can cry their woes with other losers.Great product , buy it ! Easy to use !
 got it as a gift for christmas . havent had any problems with it.ease to use and learn . highly recommeded .
 Product was delivered on time , and quickly . It was the right product and in the condition stated . This is a reliable supplier whom I would not hesitate to use again .
 I am an Engineering student in Hoboken . I recently purchased an HP48GX . I would not advise buying this calculator for simple user functions . The stack system is no good . To do simple functions like 4 * 4 + 5 , so many steps have to be taken . But on the other hand I would recomend this calculator for the serious engineering student , it will get you far . Buy an HP but also buy a minor scientific calculator so that you can perform the more simple operations . Choose wiseley , the HP is not a calculator you jump into buying without trying it out .
 I 've had the HP48G for about 5 years . I used it for science and engineering classes -LRB- although this calculator , like any other , is useless for advanced math -RRB- . My only complaint is the way you have to manipulate the `` stack '' to get the expressions where you want them while your programs are running . This is a big pain in the rear . The company from Texas that also makes calculators has designed theirs to be much more user friendly . I recommended this HP calculator for serious college students and professionals who have some programming experience . High school students and most college students would be better served using another product , such as the TI86 -LRB- comparable to the HP48G , also sold by amazon.com -RRB- or the TI92 , which is around $ 200 , but totally kicks butt over the rest of them .
 A great calclator that can handle just about any calculation , however , the manuals are rather onerous . As an engineer , I would buy the 48G again . You must and use and like RPN !
 HP 48G Graphing Calculator is exactly as advertised . Product does exactly what I need it to do for me . Would recommend to others .
 I 've used various HP calculators since the hp-67 . My first one that I owned was anHP-25 . It came with a book of programs . One of the chapters was on numerical integration , power series etc. . I mastered writing programs using those techniques and employed themduring exams in undergrad . I would look over the exam and mark all problems that weresolvable by numerical methods and jot down a numerical program for each . Next I wouldset my HP 25 to work grinding out solutions . As a solution converged , I would record it andset the hp on the next one . While the HP did its magic , I would work on solutions for the restby conventional analytic means . Often the numerical result suggested a backwards analytic wayfor a solution for a particular problem . In one case , I remember the prof commenting abouta numerical solution being approximately correct but no work showing how I arrived at it.The answer to the problem was PI/6 , as I recall , and my numerical solution was something like 0.5236 ... The HP calculators are usable in a great many ways -- really only limited by one 's willingness tolearn how to use them .
 I bought this USED calculator and it works perfectly fine . It was shipped on time and with the bonus of being neatly packed and with both quick guide and User 's Manual .
 It 's a little weak on the graphing , but seriously , who in the world creates graphs on a calculator that they care about ? Nobody with a real computer , and a brain . Everything else about the calculator is great . I bought the one I have in 1993 and it works the same as it did day one . They are excellent calculators and very easy to use . Once you learn them , they are all you will want to use .
 This is n't so much a review on the power or performance of the 48G as it is the quality , fit/finish and bang for the buck . I ca n't think of a single electronic device that has been more valuable to me in my engineering career . My 48G was a highschool graduation gift in 1992 and the same calculator is sitting on my desk as I type this almost 20 years later . It still gets used daily and althought it shows a few dents in the metal -LRB- ! -RRB- case it still performs flawlessly . I ca n't say how many times I 've dropped it or spilled something across it in the past but still none of the buttons stick and the screen looks perfect . I wish I could say the same for my 2 year old HP laptop .
 I have used this model calculator in school and at work for years . The calculator works perfectly and the price was a steal .
 Excellent calculator but requires patience in operating if you have been used to operating typical calculators ... it makes solving formulas real easy ... . also easy to conduct iterations back and forth ... A must have for engineering or math majors .
 This calculator is GREAT . I was a Computer Engineering major at U of Michigan-AA . We had some dumb courses like Transistors which do n't really help much in programming . We were allowed to use calculators on the test , so what I did was program my HP with RPN Basic to solve the problems for me ! Got 96 % on exams and finished in 15 minutes.So for $ 300 -LRB- at the time I bought it -RRB- , I got an A in a course designed for Electrical Engineers , and made the course into an HP48 programming course!HP rocks ...
 HP calculators are built to be used by professionals . They are built to a standard of quality you seldom see anymore . Unlike calculators from other manufacturers , people who use HP calculators tend to use them for a VERY long time ! I have had my HP48g for 8 years now and it still measures up to the competition . YES RPN entry is different BUT it is FAR MORE efficient to use in lengthy or repetitve computations . Unlike Casio , Sharp , and TI , there is a tremendous amount of professional grade software for scientist and engineers widely available . There are games too . The HP48g is solid and it has an IR port as well as a serial port for connection to a computer or other device . This calculator is a powerhouse ! If you are a science or engineering major and you want to be serious about your trade then this has to be a device you own !
 I bought a HP48S in 1993 . Even though I was an extremely poor Engineering student at the time , I found it to be money well-spent . The equation solving capabilities of the HP proved to be essential in getting me through tough engineering exams . I liked the 48S so much that I recently bought the HP48GX , and it has proven to be even better than the 48S in many ways . I would recommend this calculator over any other brand on the market to an Engineering student or graduate .
 I bought mine about 10 years ago , and I still have it and use it extensively . It has seen use all through pursuing my undergraduate degree and my Ph.D. , and in my current work . I have used it for calculating things related to computer graphics , statistics , data compression , and a host of other areas . It has always been up to the task . It is loaded with useful functions and does a lot . Sure , it 's not as fast as a more modern one , but it 's more than adequate .
 I could talk for hours about how important this calculator was in getting me through college . -LRB- Well , OK , it was an earlier model , but I 've recently upgraded to the 48G -RRB- . Where to begin ? The RPN stack , which someone can show you how to use in less than a minute , becomes so important that you ca n't imagine using a calculator without one . The keys are laid out conveniently , the batteries seem to last forever -LRB- years , anyway -RRB- , and the interface is very well-thought-out . But that 's only the beginning . The calculator is programmable . I actually learned how to program on an HP28S -LRB- a very early version of the 48G series , basically -RRB- , and it served as a springboard that eventually led to a career in computer science . It might sound trite , but it 's the truth - and I know other people who got started programming the same way.The infrared port , which might seem useless to you at first glance , is actually a great way to share data with other HP calculator owners . You can pass programs and notes back and forth , and even play multi-player games , literally with the press of a button.I 'm running out of room here , but I think you can see why I could go on for hours about this calculator , which for many engineers is almost a way of life . I 'm a loyal HP-calculator fan for life .
 Oh , sure , your class will undoubtedly be full of weenies with fancy-looking competitor calculators . They 'll be using them to compute french-fry totals at their burger joints after they graduate - if they can figure out how to work them . The HP48G is the serious calculator for serious students and science/engineering professionals . Settle for nothing less than the best!In a more serious vein , one nice thing you 'll find about the HP calculators is that they have tons of third-party software written for them -LRB- including some great games ! -RRB- The 48G is the latest in a line of calculators that 's been around for years and years , which is how long it takes to get a good software base established . The competing calculators have no such user community . If you get the HP , you 'll be able to rely on a community of people around the world to help you get the most out of your calculator , which is in many ways a pocket computer . Get the HP48G - you wo n't regret it !
 I 've had this calculator for 7 years now and am very satisfied . Once you get used to the stack system of inputting , you wonder how you ever did without it . I 'd recommend it to anyone entering the engineering field , either school level or professional .
 I went through four years of college with the 48G . It never failed me . I used nearly all of the functions the folks at HP built into it for my classes . It takes a little getting used to , but once you master it , you 'll be able to perform complex calculations very quickly . In addition , nobody makes a more durable calculator . I must have dropped mine a hundred times and it still works like new . If you 're looking for a scientific calculator , look no further than the 48G .
 The 48G is a tough calculator with more functions than I would ever use in structural engineering . I would recommend it to anyone.Sadly , HP quality has dropped dramatically since the release of the HP 48G series . I 'm sure it 's a combination of design cost `` optimization '' and manufacturing in China that has led to the fall of hp quality . If you chat with someone who works at HP , they are surprised to hear anyone question HP quality . So workers are oblivious and shareholders are happy because optimized costs mean more money in their pockets . The only loser is the end user who has to deal with poor quality products.I bought a 33s for testing and the buttons quit working within a few months . Since then , I bought a 35s and have n't had any problems with it yet but it has a similar cheap feel as the 33s . When I push the buttons , I push them very lightly and hope for the best .
 If you 're looking at these reviews because you 're considering one , then just get it . I bought my 48G about 16 years ago , and it shows no signs of slowing down . It 's literally in the same condition it was in on the day I bought it , and I use the thing just about every day . It spent 8 years being lugged around in a backpack while I was in school , and now it sits on my desk at work.Some of my favorite features include a huge equation library -LRB- find your equation in the list by name , plug in the values , and get the answer you 're looking for -RRB- , statistical charting capabilities , and uploadable programs -LRB- For example , I have a graphical Periodic Table on mine -RRB- . The manuals are pretty thorough -LRB- one user manual , one programming manual -RRB- , and each one is about the size of a full-length novel.Chances are , if you 're considering this , then you 're already familiar with RPN calculators -LRB- or at least familiar with stack-based operations on some level -RRB- . But if you 're not , it 's okay . It 's easy to learn and more efficient . You can also use it normally -LRB- infix style -RRB- by placing everything in single quotes , like this : ' 7 +3 * 5 ` And with one button press , it will evaluate the expression for you , heeding all rules of precedence . While I do n't recommend using this as a crutch , it can at least ease the transition from a standard infix calc . : - -RRB-
 I 've had this calculator for about 5 years now . I use it everywhere -- in the office , the kitchen , the shop ... it 's perfect . Tough , easy to see , big buttons . It 's a really well-designed simple calculator .
 All new and in great packaging . Also cheaper than every where else . Will buy again !
 Nice calculator with large numbers , very easy to read . A little bigger then I expected . It is solar which makes it a real plus .
 MY ORDER ARRIVED IN A TIMELY MANNER , WORKED RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX . WHENEVER I PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM AMAZON I CHECKALL OF THE REVIEWS & MAKE MY DECISIONS BASED ON THE NUMBEROF STARS & REPUTATION OF THE MANUFACTURE OF THE PRODUCT.TEXAS INSTRUMENTS HAS BEEN AROUND A LONG TIME PRODUCINGGREAT PRODUCTS . WELL PLEASED WITH MY CHOICE.J.J .
 Nice product . The calculator sits flush while the LCD is easy to read . The numbers are large for us old timers . The only downfall would be the price ; it should be in the vicinity of $ 8-10 . Now that I have helped out future buyers I think Amazon should send me a small kickback for taking the time to write this ...
 If you need a calculator that prints , this is not the calculator for you . However , if you need a handy sized , easy to read , solar calculator ... this is a good one . It does everything that I want a calculator to do at work . It can figure % . I never use these features , but it can figure tax rates and has memory -LRB- mrc , m - , m + -RRB- . The buttons are big enough . I would buy this model again .
 The numbers are big enough for my husbands big fingers . This calculator is easy to use , logical , and conveniently laid out . A winner !
 I 've been satisfied with calculator especially since do n't have to provide battery . The writing is very clear and large enough for easy reading . I 'd recommend it unless someone would prefer a smaller one .
 Thank you so much for your super fast service ! Received item in less then 48 hours from the date of puchasing item . Great item , just as described . Will highly recommend this seller to anyone . Thank you again !
 I 'm SO happy to see they still make this model calculator ! I 've had mine for about ten years now and use it daily and it finally died today . I 've used it so much I wore the paint off of the point key , and pulled it out tonight to check something and the plus key -LRB- finally -RRB- stopped working . This is an awesome and very tough little calculator , the display is nice and big and very easy to read in even low light -LRB- and I have poor vision -RRB- , it 's lightweight and I can easily throw it in the drawer without worrying about it getting damaged , but it 's not so light you ca n't pound away on it without it slipping around -LRB- and it has two little rubber feet to keep it in place -RRB- . And it 's completely solar , no batteries to worry with . I just ordered another one tonight , and I 'm so glad I do n't have to get used to a different one -LRB- I key very fast and it keeps up with me -RRB- , here 's hoping my new one lasts another ten years : - -RRB- Update - I just got this in the mail today and FYI the style number is the same but the design has changed -LRB- see photo comparisons above , the Amazon stock photo is incorrect -RRB- . The new one is bigger and rounder , about a half inch wider and longer . It 's also thicker and the key pad is ` ergonomically ' rounded , which makes it a longer reach for short fingers . The buttons are a little bigger and there is an extra row of three at the top -LRB- rate , tax + , tax - -RRB- that I do n't need . So it will take a little getting used to , I wish it was still the smaller size , but the display is still big and easy to read and the keys are quick .
 I bought 2 of these calculators to take to some of my relatives in the Philippines . They live in a small farming village in rural northeastern Luzon . It 's a jungle environment that has no utilities and the closest thing to a shop is a 3 hour jeep ride away . My relatives wanted some calculators for when they took their corn and banana crops to the buyers in town , so they could quickly figure if they were getting a fair deal for their stuff . The TI1795SV can handle the rough environment , with all the dust , dirt , and getting dropped & whatnot . It would be perfect if it was waterproof -LRB- it 's not -RRB- but my relatives are being careful to carry the calculators in Ziplocs -LRB- amazing you can buy Ziplocs in the jungle but no batteries -RRB- during typhoons and not drop them in the river .
 I had a more expensive TI calculator -LRB- business version model BA 20 -RRB- on my desk that alwyas needs bright light to operate -- but has more functions . My wife has had this one for years , and I kept `` robbing it '' since it works in low light , is simple , has large keys and is easy to use . It 's a perfect little calculator . Love it .
 This review is for the SECOND version of this calculator , the slightly-larger , grey , BLACK and white model , with a rounded `` mound '' housing the keypad . I had actually ordered the older model -- the light-grey model , with the blue and white keys , slightly smaller , which I had had previously , but sadly lost . I had considered returning this newer model , but finally decided against it , as it is now listed as being discontinued by the manufacturer , so -- if I returned the newer one I did get , I very well might have gotten the same model back ... I was , at first , extremely disappointed in the newer model . -LRB- Why both the newer model and the older model -- which look COMPLETELY DIFFERENT -- have the VERY SAME MODEL NUMBER is completely beyond me . I mean , people who work at Texas Instruments are supposed to be very intelligent and know what they are doing ... but why they decided to give to truly different calculators the same model number is something I do n't think I 'll ever understand . I mean ... what kind of `` genuis '' makes this very simple mistake ? -LRB- one who wants to fool online and catalogue buyers , who have to trust that the packers will pack the right model , perhaps > -RRB- That said , this NEWER model -- though larger and more-than-slightly bulkier than the older one -- does have a few advantages ... I think.I do n't remember the older model having a `` tax + '' or `` tax - '' or `` rate '' key , nor do I remember it having a battery backup , as the newer model does.This newer model has a nice little compartment for the battery , which need only be opened with a single screw . So , the entire back of the calculator need not be taken off -- with the slight dangers , therein , of getting dust into the machine , or disturbing the delicate circuitry , in the half a minute or so , that it takes to change the battery . With a neat little separate oompartment for the battery changing , the rest of the back of the machine need not be disturbed at all!This is all the more important , as more and more calculators , sadly , are made with `` no user-replaceable batteries '' enclosed , -LRB- no -- one is instructed , in these other , still newer calculators , to take them to the nearest authorized repair shop , of the designated manufacturer -- and have them replaced there , like wrist-watch batteries ! First wrist-watches , now calculators ! Talk about planned obsolence ! -LRB- Buy even this newer model 1795SV , and keep it close ! -RRB- Although the newer model 1795sv has a `` wrap-around , windshield '' numberical display , -LRB- instead of what is to me , the far more esthetically pleasing and clearer , `` picture-frame '' numberical display , found in the older model 1795sv -RRB- , the numbers still are well-spaced and clear to view . It also has the nice , l a r g e numberic display , which is not only on this newer model 1795SV , but also on the older model 1795SV ... and also on the belated , dearly loved , and sadly lost original Texas Instrument `` 1795 '' model , -LRB- no `` sv '' -RRB- , which I once had , and enjoyed more than both of the `` 1795sv '' models put together ! -LRB- It was small , handy , and a beautiful medium-bone-yellow in colour . It also seemed to stay on FOREVER -- pr at least an hour or so , if I remember correctly . Oh , that Texas Instruments would bring THAT model back , sigh ! -RRB- Well , this NEW m0del 1795SV -- though NOT the older , handier model 1795SV , nor the original model 1795 -- still has many good points , most of which are delineated above . It is also a desk-top model which can be carried in a pocket-book , if necessary -- and also in a briefcase , but not in a wallet . It is bigger than the two previous models in the Texas Instrument 1795 line ... but does have that priceless customer-replacable battery chamber . Although I do prefer the previous two models , this newer one , now available , is not a bad little calculator , all things considered.But I would still welcome , -LRB- greatly ! -RRB- , the return of the original 1795 model , and/or the original 1795sv .
 I bought this calculator because it is an updated version of a model I 've used in my office -LRB- and now in my home office -RRB- for about 10-15 years . My wife recently discovered it and I got tired of retrieving it , so I got her this one . Its got the same big display as my old one and even bigger keys . Great . But it has one new feature which is a definite downgrade - it 's missing two feet . My old one has four rubber feet and it stays on the desk where you plant it . This one has two feet on the bottom edge and the thing skates around all over the place when you punch the keys - especially when you stroke them as rapidly as she does . It 's a very good and dependable instrument and when I find a couple of rubber feet to stick on it , it 'll be just a little bit less `` improved '' and as good as my old one .
 Texas Instruments makes an excellent , relatively basic calculator with all the functions I need . The unit is sturdy ; this is well made.In addition to solid construction , there are quite a few calculator functions that should suffice unless you need a scientific calculator or another more advanced model . The keys are good sized ; and this makes using them to calculate things very easy . You can expect this product to reliably add , subtract , multiply and divide numbers ; and you get square root , percentage , a change sign key -LRB- to change from a negative number to a positive number -RRB- , and three memory function keys as well . Great ! I also like that the display uses commas when necessary.There are three more function keys at the top of the buttons that read '' -LRB- rate , tax + , tax - -RRB- ; '' they are for calculating tax rates.Although this is a solar powered calculator -LRB- you can also use it under a light -RRB- , it can be used with batteries as an option . There is a battery compartment on the back of the calculator but rest assured you do n't need to use it ; solar power or using this on a desk with a lamp will make a battery unnecessary.Overall , this is an excellent little calculator without the bells and whistles I just do n't need . I highly recommend this item .
 This is a well-designed , simple calculator that handles typical four-function math . Large , easy to read display that includes a comma to help ensure long strings are easier to read . The buttons are slightly sculpted which helps ensure you do n't hit more than one at a time , and are nicely spaced . The display angles up and is legible in even somewhat dim lighting.Seems well-built - better than I expected given the price . Excellent choice if you 're looking for a small desktop or hand-held calculator.My only complaint is that you ca n't clear the memory unless you display it . That seems to be the way with all calculators today . A shame -- I have a very old one that allows you to clear memory without displaying the number -LRB- e.g. , has separate buttons for clear memory and display memory -RRB- . That comes in handy at times .
 I 've been using these at work for years , and everybody keeps stealing them from me because they are great . They 're great desk calculators with big numbers for quick , easy , and accurate entry and a - / + key for entering negative numbers . Ca n't believe I 'm writing a review for a calculator , but I really LOVE these .
 Just got this calculator for my accounting class and I am very happy about the purchase . The buttons are very smooth and feel great !!!! Recommended
 TI has been making this calculator for years and it is still great.This is my third one in 20 years . The first two were never returned to my desk after other people have `` borrowed '' them . I love how it works better in low light than the earlier models .
 A great , basic calculator that does exactly what I need it to . It is a bit bigger than I 'd like , but I 've become used to it . I actually kind of like the bigger buttons now . I also like that it has a no-slide bottom -LRB- i.e. , it stays in place when I am punching numbers at the table -RRB- . Overall , a great purchase !
 The calculator is easy to use . The buttons and display are large and ideal if you have poor sight . The solar cells will help give the battery a long life .
 I used this calculator in a buying job for 4 years and loved it ! The buttons are sloped and have perfect sensitivity . It 's a great calculator to have around .
 Nice and large , but needs slightly better pads on the bottom to grip the table surface for those times when you 're entering numbers wildly to keep the unit from sliding a bit . Overall , its just what I needed .
 This is a great calculator and I ca n't recommend it enough . I was in search of a bigger desktop type calculator and I love these larger keys ... they are well-made , NOT the cheap plastic kind . I 'm very impressed with the overall quality ... I know I 'll have this one for a good long time .
 I love this calculator . It is easy to use . It is just the right size . I have used other calculators and this one is by far my favorite .
 This calculator works much better in low light than any I 've owned before . It sits flat and still on the desk without slipping around . Large buttons are easy to use . All in all , probably the best one I 've owned .
 Has it all for basic daily work , with easy to read numerals with commas . Nice touch on the key pads .
 My old calculator 's number lights went out -- 3 or 8 , 1 or 7 , 4 or 9 ? But I liked it 's size and shape so I searched for a similar one . This is almost the same except -- much better !! The keys and numbers are larger , it has more operations , and does a neat trick
 We were looking for a calculator that was large enough to actually use our fingers instead of some kind of pointer to hit the keys with . Seems like most were either too small or jumbo size -LRB- way too large -RRB- This one was just right and at a good price too .
 I 've had mine for 4 years now and use it almost daily . Never had any problems with it even after a few drops to the carpeted floor . Large easy to read keys with a nice feel , not too hard - not too soft . Large easy to read display . All in all , good calculator for everyday basic functions .
 I needed just a simple calculator for my intermediate accounting course and I did n't want one from the dollar store because I tend to be rough on things . This is a solid calculator and is quite responsive . It feels very sturdy when it is setting on a desk . It lays flat evenly with the surface of the table . I would recommend this to anyone . The quality is expected because of the name .
 Wo n't have to worry about this calculator , it is fast . The numbers push so easy , it 's like a 10 key . I just love this product and would recommend it .
 I use this for simple computations at work , mostly adding and subtracting with some multiplying and dividing . This is a simple calculator but solid for what I need it for . I previously had a cheapo office depot calculator that worked well too but I got this one to help me get free super saver shipping with another item . There are previous reviews that mentioned this calculator only has two rubber stickers on the underside -LRB- the two are at the bottom of the calculator - under the ' 0 ' and ' + ' buttons respectively -RRB- . I did notice that even for my simple calculations that it moves around - kind of a bummer . So I just removed the two rubber stickers on my old calculator -LRB- why only two on all these calculators is what I want to know ... -RRB- and stuck them on my new one . And no more movement . No I am happy with it . It does its job .
 This is a well built calculator that has large keys for folks with large fingers . I would recommend if you have larger hands . Ended up purchasing several for my company due to their popularity . Best large keyed calculator under $ 15 .
 In the spring of 2000 I went to Peru to help a rural commumity build a school for the local children . Needless to say , they had almost nothing in the way of school supplies . I bought a number of these solar calculators to donate to the new school . I chose the TI1795SV because the large display and large buttons . The children and teachers did not need a complex calculator but more than just plus and minus ; so this one fit the bill just right . Also , because this community is poor and has limited access to technology the solar cells of the calculator will keep it up and running even if the battery were to lose power . It was a little bulky to carry 20 of these to Peru but well worth the looks on their faces when I donated them . All-in-all a worthwhile investment !
 This is a great calculator for any basic function . first saw it at my local bank . I liked it so much I had to have one of my own . It does not have a lot of bells and whistles but it does have a neat little tax rate function where you can enter any % and it will hold it into memory . I may purchase a second one in fear that it will go away at some point.It is dual powered and I never had a problem with the display in any type of lighting condition.It is well built and the keys are really responsive , resulting in near flawless entry everytime.for a simple everyay desktop calculator , this one is a winner !
 Cant find this calculator in the store anymore . Replacing an older , but same model that last 7 years with almost daily use . I am confident that i will get a similar life from this one . Good , reliable desk calculator without all the extra functions i dont use .
 Just needed a solar calculator for business and personal calculations . This one is perfect . Large enough but not too big .
 The numbers are easy to read and big , but there is an optimal viewing angle outside of which the numbers are slightly faded . So , numbers appear their darkest when viewed from over ~ 5 degrees below the tilted screen 's surface normal -LRB- the line that is perpendicular to the display 's surface plane in 3D space -RRB- . When placed on a desk , viewing is well within the optimal viewing angle , and I am quite pleased . The buttons are accommodating to rapid sequential pressing .
 Has large keys . The angle of your eye to display needs to be adjusted then you see well.I 'm done .
 Very good size to have on the desk to do a quick calculation . I use it for grading . Simple , light and effective . Serves its purpose .
 This is a great basic calculator . I have used it at work for 10 years with no problems whatsoever . The screen is large and easy to read . The buttons are easy to use -- large enough and not too close together . I wish there were more products that you could use every day and know there will not EVER be a problem .
 I was looking for a large button , fairly large calculater . . This works great but is a bit smaller than I anticipated . .
 I am veryHappy with this product . The buttons are large , the display is at a nice angle . Shipping was fast as well .
 I read the other reviews and debated about purchasing the lower priced Amazon product or this one . I `` m glad I spent a few extra dollars . The device is level and ergonomically suited to the needs of quick and simple calculations . The buttons are firm to the touch and not wiggly . I plan on getting another for home . I 'm using this one in my classroom .
 My first calculator purchase was the HP35 which thirty years ago was around $ 400 . I have bought HP ever since.This is a sturdy , functional , reliable calculator at a price that does n't affect the decision making process . Obviously HP is taking on the the mass market manufactures and some compromises are made . The worst feature is the adaption of the popular but `` impractical '' algebraic notation . Reverse Polish Notation -LRB- RPN -RRB- is just so much more efficient once you have mastered it.As a secondary math teacher I would recommend the more expensive HP32II which uses RPN and is a gem to use . I have owned mine for 8 years and it is still going strong which justifies its high price . Most other brands would crumble or malfunction over this time span.The cheaper HP 6S Solar is a good starter for a grade 9 student where the problem at that age level is not durability but theft . If the student progresses through the grades and shows any ability for mathematics , at some point the HP32SII is a sensible next move.Hewltt Packard is the Rolls Royce among calculators -LRB- in part because of RPN -RRB- . It ranks first and there really is no second competing choice .
 This calculator makes me remember tha time tha I enter in college and my father bought once like this to me
 I agree with several of the reviews that point out that the keyboard is n't the greatest.But what I like about this calculator -LRB- solar version -RRB- is the relatively unique power system , consisting of 1 battery plus solar . In particular , I like the fact that the calculator never goes off , and the battery keeps it on without losing the current result , even when their is no ambient light at all to give it any solar power input . Given that mine is in total darkness much of the time -LRB- e.g. , overnight at least -RRB- , the battery life of the solar version seems to be totally astounding -LRB- e.g. , five years or so -RRB- for a machine which is never turned off . Those particular properties may not be very important to everyone , but they happen to be very important to me , and I do n't know of any calculator -LRB- especially one with hex capability -RRB- that matches it.I also appreciate it 's small size , which is somewhat unusual for a calculator with the functionality of this one .
 I have a 35s but I recently bought this in a fit of nostalgia . And I love it . If you buy a used one without a manual go to -LSB- ... -RSB- for a free pdf download -LRB- all 376 pages of it -RRB- .
 This is one of the better Calculators that HP has designed . I had mine for 20 years with no problems . Unfortunately , I recently lost it and am now in search of a new -LRB- used -RRB- one . I recommend this calculator to everyone !!
 I was reading all your reviews here , and i agree with the positive reviews.I brought this calculator in 1993 in the USA !! i am french and leave in France . I have never bought another calculator since 1993 !!!!! I had bought the HP32SII in a mall , just to have one in USA , and never though it will be there with me 15 years after.It had never broke down , i just replace the batteries some times -LRB- not often -RRB- , that all , and i use it everyday , always in my bag when i teach.This is an oustanding product , i agree !!! I have the original manual and the protection cover since 1993 .
 In a way I 'm jealous of some of the folks reviewing HP 's calculator line who have tried virtually the whole line of HP calculators . But then in a way I 'm not because I found the best one right off the bat . I did have a 22S before my 32SII , and was very happy with it , but when it came time to replace it with this one I soon found that I had made an excellent choice . And now when I 'm looking for a new one -LRB- just to see what 's on the market , mind you -RRB- I see that HP still has n't topped this calculator , judging from the reviews on the new ones . I 'll never sell this baby ; it 'll stay right by my monitor at work , ready to quickly and effortlessly run numbers for me . I particularly like the keys , which are solid and have a good feel to them . This is a quality calculator .
 Just about perfect . I love this calculator . Way , waaaaaay , WAY better than the cheap , flimsy calculators HP makes these days .
 My dad bought this for me in 1992 , when I was 11 years old . At first , I thought the RPN was weird , but I soon came to love it . I still have my same calculator to this day . It is so faithful , and I have only had to replace the batteries a few times . I am now a high school chemistry and AP biology teacher , and this calculator is still out performing those ridiculous graphing calcs from TI on a daily basis . Most of my students think I 'm nuts to use it instead of a grapher , and only a few are brave enough to try and learn the RPN , but the ones who do quickly fall in love . I even used this calculator in high school as part of the Calculator Applications team -LRB- I know , nerdy -RRB- , and beat quite a few of those fancy pants graphers . True calculator love !!!
 I 've been using HP calcs for 33 years , starting with the HP 35 I bought new in 1974 up to the HP 50G that I just bought a couple weeks ago . I still have 8 HP calcs , and greatly value them all , but the one model I would choose to be marooned on a desert island with is my trusty 32sII . -LRB- I would , of course , want a lifetime supply of batteries . -RRB-
 This is an excellent engineer 's calculator . I am a Electrical Engineer and have used this for more than 5.5 years . RPN is great and this calculator looks simple yet powerful.I have used TI82 , Casio fx-4500PA and a few other Casio calculators in the past . These look fancy and more `` engineering '' than HP32SII BUT they do n't perform as quickly or as well as HP32SII.I am using this HP32SII on a daily basis !
 The HP 32SII is a calculator to love . It has an excellent look and above all feel . It is a quality product that the new HP/Compaq will never make -LRB- again -RRB- . Like many other HP calculators machines of this quality are obsolete , but not if you look at the prices they bring in.If you find one , buy it !
 I have been an engineer for 21 years . I bought my HP 20S in 1987 and have been using it ever since . It is almost identical to the 32Sii shown here with the exception that it is not an RPN format . This calculator has seen it all - drops , heat , cold , spilled coffee , etc. . It has never failed me . I went through a new calculator once per year until I found this thing . It now looks like the '' + '' button is n't working . I 'll make an effort to clean it because I ca n't see not trying . But if I do buy a new calculator after all these years you can bet it will be an HP , and quite possibly the 32Sii .
 I have been a big fan of HP calculators for about 25 years now , and have about 15 of them in my collection . The HP-32SII is the best-designed calculator they have yet made . Some of the upper-end models are a bit much and complex to use , while some of the lower-end models use algebraic logic and are lacking in some commonly needed features . The HP-32SII is just right -- enough features to make it very useful , while not being overdesigned . It 's easy to program , and its RPN continues to be one of my favorite features . This is the calculator I use for scientific use on a daily basis . You wo n't be disappointed with this one .
 I purchased my first calculator about 30 years ago - the HP35 for US$ 400 . I have used Hewlett Packard calculators ever since . My second purchase was the HP 12C , a beautifully designed financial calculator that is still on the market some 15 or 20 years later and which I still use from time to time.I have used the HP32SII since 1993 under the extreme conditions of classroom use as a math teacher in a secondary school . Chalk dust is ever present and I could n't count the number of times it has fallen from my desk to the floor . I recommend this calculator to my senior math students but they shy away from it because of the price . This is false economics . None of the other brands have the durability to last , making them in the long run expensive calculators . I know this from the experience of my students who purchase cheaper competing brands.The features that attract me to the HP 32SII are the Reverse Polish Notation , which is the superior way of doing arithmetic and the ease with which intermediate calculations can be stored.Hewlett Packard makes up for its poor manuals with superb service and getting it right the first time . How many other calculators stay on the market for so many years after they are first introduced.I purchased my daughter an HP 48GX when she entered Mechanical Engineering at the University of Toronto 6 years ago . At first she `` swore '' at it because of the RPN but quickly came to swear by it . Most of her classmates used the same HP as well.The HP32SII is a solid performer at its level of functionality . When I need more I use a software package such as MAPLE V which I am confident will be available someday on a hand held computer .
 I have used the 32SII for a few years now . I agree with the other reviewers about RPN.This calculator is not only the finest calculator ever , from the standpoint of power and value , but I think it ranks near the top of the finest product designs ever , for any product . There is nothing about it that can be improved . The form factor is just right . All functions are where they belong . Every key clicks the same , and clicks right . Batteries last forever . This product should be in a museum of outstanding product design.Having said that , I will editorialize a bit . I am severely disappointed that HP discontinued this product . I think it speaks volumes that the new HP can not recognize its own product excellence , and apparently fails to value the things that brought it customer loyalty .
 This is a great engineer 's calculator that wo n't go out of style . It does just about everything that you want it to , and is easy to master as well . It fits right in your shirt pocket .
 In 1996 I was looking for a programmable calculator and realized I had n't yet bought an HP . All my friends had raved about them over the years , but I 've never been a heavy calcluator user -- my needs were pretty well met by my old Sharp scientific . -LRB- I thought I 'd lost the Sharp in a move , so I needed a new calculator . -RRB- I was shocked to learn HP had discontinued most of their non-graphical programmables except this one and the venerable financials -LRB- 12C et al -RRB- . -LRB- Which shows you how often I pay attention to this kind of stuff . -RRB- The 32SII was my -LRB- only -RRB- choice.It 's their best RPN-based calc . It has many useful extras -LRB- equation solver with algebraic notation for equations , fraction mode , unit conversions -RRB- and the lack of menus is great . Physically it has held up very well ; it spent many years riding around in my backpack along with a lot of other heavy things -LRB- bike lock , tools -RRB- on a daily basis with nary a problem.The only problem is a lack of memory , 384 bytes seriously limits how much of a program you can enter . But it 's not horrible , and I '' m pretty sure if you need to go over 384 bytes writing a `` real program '' on a `` real computer '' is a better alternative . Even a PDA is much faster and easier to program ... and new ones cost less than the going prices for a `` vintage '' HP calc like the 32SII . Old HPs are slow compared to the new graphing calcs -LRB- a 39G + runs circles around it -RRB- but the HPs are far more portable , have significantly longer battery lifetimes , and are much easier to use . I find the 32SII more useful than a grapher because of its small size and ease of use . I also believe RPN is more convenient when you 're not working from pre-written equations.The software on most graphing calcs is too `` bulky '' , they require too much effort and lose most of the convenience of a calculator . I usually have access to a laptop but I still keep a calculator handy -- they 're faster and easier for simple calculations , I even use it for base conversions and such.Unfortunately , old HPs are now collectors ' items and are no longer affordable . I like and use mine but I would n't pay going prices for one . -LRB- But I 'm never going to sell mine either . -RRB- The 33S is not a good alternative , the bizarre keyboard is almost unusable and it 's a flimsy device.Does this spell the end of the RPN/programmable calculator ? I believe so . They 'll have their place in history beside the slide rules and the Monroes , but such a design will never be repeated again . They 've been made obsolete by the ubiquity of computers , and the modern dogmas of `` cheaper is better '' and `` planned obsolescence '' . Complex programming tasks can be done faster and more easily on a computer , there just is n't any real need for them anymore .
 I 've used HP calculators for 27 years . RPN is the only way to go . My current HP32SII has been in my shirt pocket for the last 9 years . As a field technician , I see many different conditions . From antiquated dust to water laced with glycol to drops from 10 ft. , the HP has come through for me . The only problem occured 3 years ago when the # 5 key would not function everytime . The problem turned out to be excessive moisture on the key pad . Yes , it had been doused with a Water/glycol mixture . Go-Figure ! This temporary condition lasted only 5 days . Since then I have received excellent service from the friend that I count on at least 50 times a day . I have a couple suggestions for HP . The HP32SII needs a clock . This calculator has n't been upgraded for at least 10 years . How about a clock for the die-hard HP users . The HP32SII needs to be smaller . I 'm sure that it 's possible to design this calculator so that it fits into a small pocket and still retains the large display , same size keys , -LRB- but with 41C type feel -RRB- . HP ... you have a fabulous calculator in the 32SII . It 's time to upgrade it for the die-hard HP users . Thank you , Todd Corder
 Functional , well-designed and well-documented , with a great keyboard and exactly the functions one needs on a basic scientific calculator , the HP32SII is the best calculator HP ever made .
 I 've been using an HP32Sii for almost ten years now , and I would n't trade it for anything . Intermittently , I 've used other HP models -LRB- 11C , 48SX -RRB- , but I always come back to this one . I 'm not a believer in graphing calculators ; I prefer to plot graphs using a computer , or -LRB- best yet -RRB- by hand . Therefore you should keep my prejudice against the 48 series -LRB- using a sledge hammer to crack a walnut -RRB- in mind . I have never wanted a calculator to do anything that the 32Sii could n't handle elegantly , and I 've used it in a LOT of science and engineering classes and research at Caltech . The 32Sii has been around for a long time -LRB- the back of my calculator says copyright 1987 , but I 'm not sure about the significance of that date -RRB- , and I ca n't imagine it ever becoming obsolete . Some things , like the meaning of the term sine or the fastest algorithm to evaluate an expression , will never change . Its processor speed is one of the fastest on the market . I heard `` the fastest '' back in 1993 , but I 'm not sure what its current rank is . In general the quality of HP calculators is -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- COMPLETELY SUPERIOR to any other make on the market . For those not yet converted to the religion of RPN , give it a try for a couple of months , and you 'll NEVER go back .
 Although I knew nothing about RPN when I bought my HP 32 SII , after one hour I wondered how I ever got along without it . Functions routinely used are accessible right from the keypad , which also helps facilitate the surprisingly powerful programming capabilities of this calculator.From the arrangement of the keypad itself as well as the 32SII 's problem-solving capability , it is evident that more than a little thought was devoted to planning this particular calculator . The keypad 's ` comfort ' and the 32SII 's speed , very popular with users , result in increased productivity.I prefer my HP 32SII over the my HP48G , which is definitelyslower and more cumbersome to use.If you are lucky enough to find an HP32 SII fully functional and in good condition , buy it !
 The HP 32SII is the best scientific and engineering calculator EVER made . It 's that simple ! Simplicity in design , elegance in form , excellence in function , and as durable and reliable under fire as a Russian rifle at Stalingrad . It was an ever present reminder , right in the palm of our hands , what engineers should strive for ... and now its gone.Would Levis discontinue , 501 's ? Volkswagon learned the hard way when they abandoned the very thing that what made them great . What middle manager at HP is responsible for this blunder.Geeks Unite ! We are naturally a silent bunch , but this is getting personal , its time to speak out . They did n't discontinue the MBA 's 12C , another timeless engineering masterpiece . No No . HP used to be a company of engineers , by engineers , for engineers.Send Carly a letter , before they dismantle the factories . They are messing with what made them great . In stark cotradiction to Moores Law , the HP32SII is every bit as useful today as the day it was introduced , and will be until laptops cost $ 60 bucks . I 'll get a spare at -LSB- way more money -RSB- . Hell , I can even go surfing with it .
 one of the things i learned when i got here in the US was to use calculators w / RPN principle . HP calcs . such as this one -LRB- 32SII -RRB- has helped me a lot and now i do n't wan na go back to the old way . keep it up !!!
 I purchased this calculator my freshman year of college from the campus store . I thought at $ 100 it was pretty expensive but I knew it would last and 16 years later -LRB- and I 'm still an engineer ! -RRB- the 32Sii is still running strong . Others have noted what makes it great so I wo n't repeat that , but I thought I 'd write this review to include a repair tip . Imagine my heartbreak when knowing HP discontinued making this calculator years ago -LRB- WHY is that by the way ? Maybe because I 've only purchased one in the past 16 years ... -RRB- , the basic math function keys -LRB- add , subtract , multiply , divide -RRB- stopped working . I was relieved to find online on the HP website how to reset the calculator -LRB- and am so glad my half hearted attempts to pry the thing open failed , must be the engineer in me -RRB- . The halt and reset procedure did n't work but the complete reset did the trick . It really made my day . So I hope for others out there whose 32Sii 's seem to stop functioning properly , that you try the reset procedures below before recycling it . I was ready to ship this baby to a calculator repairperson , if there is such a thing.DescriptionSometimes a calculator locks up or will not respond correctly . The calculator might require a reset for a variety of reasons . The first reset listed below will not affect the memory on the calculator . However , the other resets will erase the memory and restore the calculator 's defaults . For this reason , it is important that you back up any critical data before resetting.Back to topResetting the calculator using the keyboardTo halt the calculator and reset the keyboard , follow the procedure below :1 . Press and hold the -LSB- C -RSB- key .2 . Press and hold the third key from the left on the top row -LRB- -LSB- LN -RSB- key -RRB- .3 . Release both keys at the same time .4 . The calculator may not appear to change , depending on what was displayed on the screen.To completely reset the calculator and erase all user memory , follow the procedure below :1 . Press and hold -LSB- C -RSB- .2 . Press and hold the first key from the top left and the first key from the top right .3 . Release all three keys at the same time .4 . The calculator will display `` MEMORY CLEAR . `` 5 . Press -LSB- C -RSB- to clear the message.Resetting to drain the capacitorIf the above resets do not resolve the calculator problem , try one of the following resetting procedures : Coin reset1.Remove the batteries .2 . Lightly press a small coin -LRB- such as a dime -RRB- across both battery terminals .3 . Hold the coin across both battery terminals for approximately ten seconds .4 . Remove the coin , and replace with fresh batteries . -LRB- Insert the batteries with correct polarity . Note the picture beside the battery cover for polarity . -RRB- 5 . Press the -LSB- ON -RSB- key and the calculator should display `` MEMORY CLEAR . `` 6 . Press the -LSB- C -RSB- key to clear the message.Paperclip reset1.Remove the batteries .2 . Bend a paperclip enough to cross over from one terminal to the other .3 . Hold the paperclip across the battery terminals for approximately ten seconds .4 . Remove the paperclip , and replace with fresh batteries . -LRB- Insert the batteries with correct polarity . Note the picture beside the battery cover for details . -RRB- 5 . Press the -LSB- ON -RSB- key and the calculator should display `` MEMORY CLEAR . `` 6 . Press the -LSB- C -RSB- key to clear the message.Other solutionsIf the calculator did not display the `` MEMORY CLEAR '' message after resetting , or if resetting t did not correct the error , then remove the batteries for 24 to 48 hours.NOTE
 I purchased this calculator 12 years ago and still use almost daily . The keys still have a nice feel and the functions are logically layed out . Although it sits at my desk now it spent several years being transported to and from work in a backpack or briefcase . The only thing I do n't use it for are business calculations . I have an HP10B for those . I ca n't say enough good things about the HP32SII .
 Well , I got a HP-33S wich is HP-32SII sucessor for just U$ 49,99 . It is much more powerfull than 32SII with 31kB of memory ! Of course 33S does not have the same quality of old ones and does not have the same good finishing but is better . Things I do n't like in 33S include the very limited complex algebra which comes from 32SII ! There are no matrix algebra as well ! I know some people love this calculator , like 15C , but there are better new ones . One I do n't say the same is the also old 42S . There are people buing it for $ 299 . My brother has one and I would like to have one too .
 I TEACH AN ADVANCE MATH CLASS USING THE RPN 32S HP , I AMLOOKING FOR A VIRTUAL CALCULATOR THAT I CAN USE FOR MY CLASSROOM . IN OTHER WORDS A RPN 32S HP , THAT I CAN PROJECT ON THE WALL.THIS WEB SITE IS VERY USEFUL ... PRICES ARE GREAT ... I WISHI KNEW ABOUT IT BEFORE I MADE MY PURCHASESTHANKS MR. SOTOPS . ANY OTHER INFO ON WEBSITES ... TO HELP ME . . WILL BE APPRECIATED
 I really like this calculator for all of its functions and it gives me the upper hand in math class . The fractions display button is a lot easier to use than the TI models . A few downsides are that at first its confusing to enter in operations because its different then most calculators . But overall its the best calculator you can get for middle school !
 There is something a little more satisfying about massaging problems with a calculator . I suppose you can do a lot of this on computers now but there is something more immediate about punching the numbers yourself.This is one of the few very nice scientific calcs left around , I like the RPN , and the programming capability . It would take ten times the time to write even basic code to do a math program than it takes with this powerful little calc . I was as excited playing with it as when I bought one of the first electronic calculators.This is a neat and powerful little problem solver .
 I have tried a lot of calculators , and in my opinions HP RPN calculators are the best , and its HP 32s is the best calculator of the world!I have used : HP 10cHP 32sHP 20sHP 22sHP 27sHP 28c/sHP 42sHP 48sHP 32s III love HP 48 , HP42 and HP 32 , but the HP 48 is too big , too complex , and too heavy , too `` theoretical '' , but really good for students , and HP 42 is now not available . I have finished my studies , thus I have given my HP 48 to a friend and I have came back a HP 32 s II and I do not regret my choice!RPN is really powerfull , and you make never mistakes with it.But with algebric calculators , all the time you do not know the order of the execution of the different terms of your calculation , and you have no intermediate calculations -LRB- except for the HP 27s -RRB- !!! BUY IT !!!
 I left my first one , bought new , in a plane ! Then got a used one several yrs ago for $ 60 ; I am tempted to sell it for $ 300 but HP makes nothing like it anymore . A sad day indeed for HP . My back ups are 48G 's that I purchased used , and will be getting a 33s but this one is the best HP I have ever owned . RPN rules !!! Update 2010
 Balancing feature content against ease of use , the 32S II is better than anything available on the market and most calculators no longer on the market . I started with an HP-35 -LRB- $ 395 ; had to borrow against my life insurance ! -RRB- back in the early '70s . Moved on to a 55 and then a 42CV -LRB- I think -RRB- . With desktops and laptops there is no reason for a journeyman engineer to need more every-day , hand-held computing capability . Being able to comfortably put it in your pocket makes it the ideal ` slide rule replacement . ' I concur with the opinion that pulling the 32S was one of the dumber things HP did . Some marketing person there should be smart enough to see how much these things go for on the internet . There 's a reason they sell for twice what HP sells a ` better ' calculator for presently .
 When my old HP 32s broke , several years ago , I run to the store and bougth a 32sII , even though I was not doing too much technical calculations anymore . I was used to this unit , that had been with me several years while studying , helping me to solve a huge amount of engineering problems.If you 're looking for a scientific calculator without graphics , you ca n't be wrong with HP32sII . RPN notation is very convenient , Quality build is very good , I 've always liked its keyboard -LRB- somewhat harder than cheaper calculators -RRB- , and the size and weight of the unit are comfortable.This device transpires confidence .
 I lost my HP32SII last week and I 'm heart-broken ! Simply put it was the finest calculator and engineer 's friend . The replacement model 33s has none of the feel and simple beauty that the 32SII has . The RPN mode is so easy to learn and makes long calculations a breeze . The keys are firm and give positive feedback when you press them . The size is just fine for pant or shirt pockets . Try any TI , Casio , etc. calculator out there . None compare to Hewlett-Packard 's Scientific Calculator 32SII .
 If you 're not looking for a high-end calculator and yet you want to have a calculator at hand that can meet all your needs , then HP32sII is for you . It has all kinds of functions -LRB- including complex number analysis , integration and fractions calcalutions -RRB- and allows you to enter programs . The only drawback that I could think of is that the memory size is too small . AFter entering a moderate size program , there would be no room to enter more programs . Also , as you know too well , the HP-calculator 's RPN entering logics may scare you . -LRB- HOwever , after using for quite a while , I think that PRN is very convenient -RRB- .
 I just purchased this calculator locally because your prices are higher than any others I saw . Then when you tack on your shipping charges it was not worth it . But the quality of the product is top notch !!!!!
 Is the hp32sii the most capable RPN calculator manufactured ? The answer is no . Is it one of the greatest
 RPN is an excellent system and I love the features on this calculator as well as the feel of the keys . I bought a backup in case my original 32S -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- failed and HP stopped making RPN calculators . It finally broke -LRB- my fault -RRB- so now I 'm buying another spare .
 I am a university student majoring in physics , and I have to say that of all the calculators that I 've used , the HP32S is simply the best . The RPN data entry system may be somewhat counterintuitive at first , but once you get the hang of it , nothing can stop you . The 32S is small enough to mfit into your pocket , and rugged enough to take quite a bit of abuse -LRB- I 've accidentily dropped mine about three feet on concrete before , it survived -RRB- , it also has more features then other scientific calculators out there . If you 're studying math , science or engineering and need a scientific calculator that you can carry almost anywhere and use for almost anything , get this one .
 I bought my 32SII 9 years ago and it still works perfectly . Never touched a better calculator . Once you go RPN you wo n't go back .
 First the history
 This is the best calculator I have ever used . It was perfect , small and elegant . RPN made calulations quick , and the 4 stacks made multiple operations or complex equations easy to solve . It had everything I needed , if not graphing which i rarely do anyway save with a computer . I wish It had n't been discontinued . I 've used these since 1993 , and would still have one now , if it had n't been stolen .
 Yes it is a shame that hp put an end at this fantastic calculator and that they left a gap whitout rpn in this category . this policy is ununderstandable from the company who was always the leader and set the mark for the market .
 Bought my first HP-32S 12 years ago from Service Merchandise , and I never had to change the batteries once . I misplaced the case , and I just HAD to buy the updated 32S II . :-RRB- Still very well made , but the one thing missing is the nice spiral-bound manual . RPN is more logical and intuitive for programming . Just a great unit.Update 11/27/2011I lost this calculator during first orientation day at the University of Arizona , in 2005 and was gutted . I had planned on using it for years to come , and ended up replacing it with a 49G + , that I was n't enamored with . I like RPL , but there is a big difference in size and I certainly did not like where the ENTER key was located . The build quality just seemed to be much less than that of the HP 32Sii . So I purchased a 48GX New on Ebay , and that was better , as far as build quality went , but it was a little sluggish for my tastes . The thing I missed the most was just how pocketable the 32sii was . Changing my major to computational mathematics , I even tried a TI-89 for awhile . Needless to say , that particular calculator got very little use . When I went into grad school I bought a 50g , which is a great calculator , and it got me through many an exam and assignment . But I REALLY wanted another 32sii . Unfortunately they are collectors items , and the price for a decent used one was over 150 dollars . I could n't justify that cost for a 20 year old calculatorFortunately , for me a found a seller on here that a used 32sii in `` good '' condition for 70 dollars plus s/h . I took the risk and was oh so pleasantly surprised by what came in the mail this week . Not only is the calculator in perfect working condition , with no appreciable marring , but the seller shipped the next day and included a case that was not listed with the item . I need to get reacquainted with this workhorse . It fits perfectly in my hand and I appreciate the build quality and the perfect placement of the ENTER key .
 As an 8th grader on my school 's math/science team , I use the 32SII every day . I have both the 32SII and the TI-89 and this is , in my opinion , far better for fast calculations . It does basic trig and can do alot of handy conversions . The 32SII has gotten me hooked -- it 's a great buy .
 Over the 5 years I used a HP 32SII and found that the RPN is more efficent when doing simple or complex problems . It is a shame that they have discontinued this amazing product . I am on a High School math team and without this calc . we would not be able to compete at such a high stanard . If I was you I would buy the HP 32SII because this has been a wonderful calc . for me and all my team mates .
 I really like this calculator for all of its functions and it gives me the upper hand in math class . The fractions display button is a lot easier to use than the TI models . A few downsides are that at first its confusing to enter in operations because its different then most calculators . But overall its the best calculator you can get for middle school !
 I teach Middle school Ind Tech and purchased 17 of these calculators for different areas in the classroom . They work great . I have six classes of 30 or more students . Each student must use a calculators daily . I consider this a great little calculator for the cost .
 I really like this calculator and have used it daily for years -LRB- purchased around 2006 -RRB- . If I took it out of my desk drawer and it was dark in my office , I turned on my desk lamp and held the calculator and it powered immediately . It even powers when held against those pathetically weak energy efficient light bulbs.My cat loves to jump on my desk when I am working -LRB- which is daily -RRB- and knocked this calculator to my hard tile floors more times than I can count over the years mostly without the protective blue cover on it . Today , I accidentally knocked it the ground again and while the calculator lit up , the buttons would not respond so I sadly went looking for another calculator.Low and behold , as I settled on another calculator after much research -RRB- this model came back to life . It works fine . This is one tough calculator and I just purchased another one to use while grocery shopping to compare price per unit -LRB- Larger sized items are not always cheaper -RRB- I buy EVERY SINGLE THING BUT GROCERIES ON-LINE so I am constantly researching anything I want to buy from soap to cars -LRB- keeping like items -LRB- example bicycles -RRB- on an excel spreadsheet separating individual bicycle models by a black line and putting related items bike horns , bike baskets , etc on different sheets on the same bike excel spreadsheet -RRB- and once I settle on what I want to buy i use THIS CALCULATOR to figure out the BEST PRICE -LRB- adding S/H and tax plus base price and subtracting any savingswatch dot com ebates dot com or coupon savings and then figure out TOTAL COST PER ITEM and buy the best price . This calculator gets a serious work out.LOL now I have a calculator research spreadsheet and I did n't need it . Also , buy Purina Friskies Party Mix Original Crunch , 6-Ounce -LRB- Pack of 7 -RRB- on Amazon using the auto ship -LRB- pick anywhere from sending every month to every 3 months or longer -RRB- . Purina Friskies Party Mix Original Crunch , 6-Ounce -LRB- Pack of 7 -RRB- are MUCH cheaper buying this way online than buying in a grocery store.PROs1 . Blue case to protect it when stored in desk . The hard plastic blue front case cover easily attaches to the back of the calculator when using the calculator so the cover can not get loat . not The cover stays in place also . The blue case cover is narrower than the white calculator so it does n't make it wider when holder the calculator in your hands .2 . TOUGH3 . Going strong after YEARS of daily use4 . Keep my grocery buy list inside the cover . -LRB- I write small and use both sides of paper and use 4 pieces of paper -RRB- I NEVER lose my lists now .5 . The cover keeps the calculator safe in my purse and it the buttons are not so small that I hit the wrong ones while quickly doing calculations in a rushed grocery store isle .6 . NEVER have to worry about buying batteriesPro or Con Depending on What Someone Needs in a Calculator .1 . Not for anything but basic math functions but is fine for my needs .
 the calculator was good but did n't recieve the adapter that was saposta come with . e mailed seller 2 times and never got a reply ! unfortunatally it was a gift and it was missing adapter that was advertised with it .
 I 've used the same calculator since 1992 . I 've worn off the symbols on every key except the 8 on the far right.I 'd like to replace this one but ca n't find another TI-5032 . Great product since 1992
 We absolutely love this calculator . I have been searching for a couple to replace our old ones . Finally found 2 on here . Looking for 2 more . I have yet to find a calculator that is as quiet , fast and space saving as this one . 5 Gold Stars !
 This calculator is a very good one and one that works equivalently in all ways using either direct keystrokes or stylus motions . It is largely no longer available which is a shame , but some of the internal electronics software is clearly getting quite outdated -LRB- and a little bit sluggish compared to some other more recent calculators , etc. -RRB- . It performs really well however , so if you want to try a stylus-based calculator to see if you would like a much more advanced one like the Casio Classpad330 , this is a great one to try out.All the expected standard -LRB- as well as several advanced functions -RRB- and numerous data plotting options -LRB- with split-screen capability including the option of both a table and a plot displayed simultaneously , etc. -RRB- and numerous and reliable statistical operations for detailed data analysis , etc. are available on this fine unit . It also comes with a slide-on , standard heavy plastic cover and a very good manual with very clearly explained operations and examples . I recommend it , if you can still find it , without any reservations .
 This calculator is pretty old compared to the other bells and whistles out there ... no USB port or interfaces , but it is touch-screen which is pretty cool . I loved this calculator , and found it very easy to use . One thing I really liked was that it would simplify fractions for me - and I 'm not sure the TI 's would do that . The only problem is that most people own TI calculators , so the teachers would explain how to do things -LRB- and texts would tell how to perform functions -RRB- using TI-84 , and I had to figure it out on my own -LRB- or by using the jumbo instruction manual that came with it -RRB- . If you need a graphing calculator for algebra and calculus and not worried about all the bells and whistles , I highly recommend saving your money and purchasing this one !
 for the price it does everything it should , everyone needs one close by because we have forgotten to add thanks to these things .
 I wanted a simple calculator without too many &#34; bells and whistles &#34; , and with buttons that are big enough to see and press easily . This one was all I wanted and more . I also have a much more expensive calculator , but this is the one I always grab . It is well worth the price .
 I literally use this everyday . Service was prompt & good . As an older person I was glad to see a product that was easy to use
 I purchased these for students in foster care homes who need calculators for the ACT exams . Seems that our child protective services do not extend to actually assisting children to exit the system .
 I use this calculator on a daily basis around my office . Here are a few reasons while I really like it :1 . The LCD number display is large and very clear .2 . The ergonomic shape makes is easy to get a nice firm grip along the side .3 . It is very sturdy . This has been knocked off the desk more than a few times , and it has kept on ticking .4 . The buttons are well-spaced and accurate . I very rarely make any entry errors .
 I gave this calculator as a gift . It was exactly what the recipient wanted at an attractive price . The order arrived quickly and safely and was exactly as I hoped when placing the order .
 I have math glass a lot my calculator broke but this one is very strong . I like this calcuator . Cheack out on youtube zportz47
 You know , when it comes to calculators you just ca n't beat Texas Instruments . They 've been doing it longer and better than anyone else . Their machines are simple and easy to use , and for every day use you just ca n't beat the price . When I had a small business printing concert t-shirts , I bought 10 of this model for the people in my office . I only ended up needing 6 , and gave the other 4 as stocking stuffers at Christmas ! Great for young students , home bookkeepers , or simple office calculating .
 Looks sharp , buttons press easily and easy to read . But , I could really care less for that `` off '' button . It right above the divide button , and I always seem to hit the `` off '' button when using it , or trying to clear the screen . Other then that , its an efficient calculator that can do a lot more equations then a regular calculator can do .
 I never can find a calculator when I need one so I just picked this up to toss in a drawer so I have a better chance of stumbling across one when the time comes . I have another one just like it , it works well and does simple math . I do n't need anything more for around the house .
 Nice lite and works great . no glitches , used it for an economics class and this calculator was required . I still use it and kids use it . very good price for quality calculator .
 This calculator is compact , very handy , easy to use and fits my needs for a calculator . Its price is quite reasonable .
 I was looking for a calculator to use in college during tests . This calculator arrived fast and works great . Nothing fancy about it which is perfect for my classes that require the use of a simple calculator . Unless your looking for a higher function calculator this does the trick .
 My daughter loses Pocket Calculators like no one I know . Finally a reasonably priced and all the functions she needed . I bought 3 and she still has the first one . I actually donated one as a Christmas gift for school .
 Great feel in the palm of your hand . Easy to use rubber buttons . I recommend this product for everyday use . If you are in sales and use a calculator often , this is the one to get plus it compact enough to fit in shirt pocket !
 I 've used a bunch of cheap simple calculators over the years.On the last couple the keys were small and many times the wrong entry was made , leading to a complete redo of the calculation . With this little TI this problem does not happen . I 've been deliberately entering numbers without the extra care I used to take , and I 've not had one problem . Highly recommended . Thank you TI !
 works just like it should . My step son uses it for school and it works great . great product great price
 I just needed a cheap , simple calculator and this is it.It is a bit light and small , but this was the cheap .
 I bought this calculator to keep in my desk drawer for simple problems of the four basic mathematical functions . I also have a TI-30Xa scientific calculator in there , but it is much more cumbersome to use , particularly when using memory functions . This is an extremely basic calculator , has very large numbers for ease of reading , and is very inexpensive , making it perfect for general use around the house , like balancing the checkbook . It actually can take square roots and do percentage problems , so basic math students could rely on it for elementary math work.The one annoyance I had with the calculator concerns the instructions
 As the other reviewers have mentioned , the size is perfect , the buttons are responsive and the display is clear . I actually have a slightly older model , but this is another aspect of the calculator that is fantastic . I work in an insurance office and use it nearly daily . It is the calculator I bout when I started working 12 years ago . It is still going stong and I have never changed the battery.I do n't really know how it is possible , but it is true . Daily use for 12 years and it 's like I just took it out of the box . I probably just jinxed myself but in any event , you can expect a long battery life along with the other benefits of the calculator . It 's pretty much perfect for light home and office use .
 While my primary calculator is my TI-89 -LRB- a high-level graphing calculator -RRB- , there are times when the four function calculator comes in handy . When it comes to tutoring elementary students , performing a simple calculation using one of the four functions , or occasions where the TI-89 's AAA batteries have died , nothing beats the TI-503SV . I 've had this calculator for many years and have never had a problem with it.The size of the calculator is a definite plus . It fits nicely in a shirt pocket without creating a bulge . It also is the right size for a purse -- I bought one for my grandmother , who carries it her purse to calculate tips at restaurants.Ease of use is a definite plus with this machine . The numbers are crisp and large unlike many other pocket-sized four function calculators I 've encountered over the years . All four basic operations plus square roots can be performed using this machine . There is also a memory function.My favorite feature of this calculator is that it is battery-powered , not solar powered . In rooms where lighting is less than ideal the calculator will still work fine . To save battery life , Texas Instruments included a handy `` off '' button ; the calculator will also shut off after a period of inactivity.I recommend this calculator for everyone -- the convenience , ease of use , low price , and compact design make it ideal for all .
 Very good product ! This one is a spare , as I previously bought six of them for my young grandchildren so that they would get a feel for Math .
 This is a great calculator for basic functions . I like having a battery power calculator that still works in low light . My wife has the same model and has been using it for years on the same battery . The display is easy to read and the buttons are easy to push .
 I needed a new calculator and this one fit the bill nicely . Good looking product from Texas Instruments at a great price from Amazon .
 Simple , light but sturdy , is is the perfect calculator for daily calculations . Excellent price to value ratio . I definitely recommend it if you are looking for a very simple device .
 This is a great little calculator ! The buttons are large with a soft touch ; you wo n't easily get an accidental `` double strike '' . I was looking for one with no ` solar ' anything , and this one fits the bill . A little larger than most , but still easy to hold and light weight .
 I admit , I get very attached to items . When my jewel tone battery powered calculator that I 've had for probably 20 years -LRB- which I bought for $ 1 at a garage sale -RRB- bit the dust , I was not looking forward to getting a replacement . I ordered three of these based upon the reviews and am extremely satisfied ! It is not too big , not too small , the buttons are large and easy to use and the read-out is large enough to read without reading glasses . Actually , the whole thing is big enough to use and read without reading glasses . It is a bit larger than a Blackberry , with a slightly curved shape and is comfortable to hold . It is battery powered -LRB- which I wanted - solar is not reliable enough in dark rooms -RRB- . It 's easy to use for a technically challenged person like myself . It is a wonderful calculator !! I 'm so glad I came to Amazon instead of wasting time at regular stores .
 I am taking college pre-algebra . My teacher recommended this particular one . It is working well with my calculations . I am learning the functions as I go . It was a great value .
 perfect calculator for me ! I have been using this model since 1994 . the original one recently died in 2011 . 2011-1994 = 17 yrs is about life you may expect out of this calculator ...
 The calculator arrived when expected , and it seemed to be in working order , brand new , just what I needed to replace my old one for stats class .
 One of the calculators I received was defective . However , my return was fast and easy . All in all , this was a great shopping experience .
 I 've been using this calculator for some weeks now , and it is working perfectly . I have no problems with it . I 'm able to do my math problems on it , and it works just fine . Recommends this for anyone who 's looking for a calculator .
 This calculator works great for all my basic needs and the price is good also . Shipping was very fast .
 Works like a charm for a 13yr old who needed it for math . I am so glad I did n't spend over $ 100 like they wanted in the store for a scientific calculator .
 GOOD DELIVERY , good price , good quality . Previously had ordered another calculator , different brand , And it was terrible , erroneous results , totally unreliable . This TI has been fine-no problems .
 I have had this TI-30Xa for at least 10 years , still using the same batteries . Simple and works great .
 This calculator is one of the few that are allowed to be used on the actuarial exams . I bring one of these models with me every time .
 I bought my TI-30Xa 20 years when I was going to college . It got me through Algebra , Trig , and Physics classes with little trouble . It 's easy to use and still kicking 20 years later . It 's not the latest and greatest , but you got ta love the durability at least . And I can guarantee I spent more than $ 12 for it ! I do n't think you can get more for the money.I will say that the slide-off cover has helped protect the screen from any major scratches . It 's been dropped again and again.I 've had to change the batteries maybe 4-5 times over the years . You need a pair of GPA76 batteries and a small precision Phillips-head screwdriver to remove the 6 screws that hold the back on . Easy to do .
 As a mathematics instructor in the computerized machine tool industry , I have trained thousands of students since 1989 -- all using the TI-30 calculator -LRB- model numbers having changed slightly through the years -RRB- . It does everything necessary in my industry . I have created several ultra-simple `` button-pushing '' charts , for use with the TI-30 calculator , and the students all learn trig and conversions with ease.I 'll use no other -LRB- especially for the price ! -RRB-
 Best &#34; shop &#34; calculator . quick easy fraction-to-decimal and degree/minute/second-to-decimal and back functions , batteries last for years , and durable .3 more words
 Easy to use . I like the built in cover feature with the removable use guide . The buttons are big enough to key info easily and the overall size is small enough to fit in a coat pocket . All this for under $ 10 ! Ca n't beat it .
 Affordable and easy to use . It fits nice in my bag and it is everything I need from this calculator !
 Easy to use , durable , easy to read , has all the functions I require . Really no complaints . And cheap for a somewhat advanced calculator !
 I had purchased a 2 line a few weeks earlier , however I did not like the way it shows answers , so I purchased this one and it is easy to read , use and figure out bolt circles.I also like the shut off function which saves the battery.Thanks for having just what I needed . rp
 My daughter needs this for 6th grade and found it at a great price on Amazon . I did n't want to wait around until a couple weeks before school and these were all gone or possibly more expensive .
 I bought this calculator for the Fundamentals of Engineering exam , since the one I had was too advanced to be allowed in the exam room ... crazy , I know . This calculator , while basic , gets the job done and does all the simple calculations I need it to . I 'm quite happy with it !
 This calculator is terrific . It does its job wonderfully . It 's such a great help in all my classes , especially the ones that do not permit graphing calculators . I definitely recommend this calculator if you 're in need of one .
 We use this calculator with all of our 10th - 12th graders and never have a problem ! Have been using this model for several years .
 This is a great calculator . Does everything everything I need which is pretty much just arithmetic and trigonometry functions for work.But the best part of this calculator that nobody had mentioned is the back arrow button . It 's the big arrow to the left of the 0 . This is so useful . I did n't notice it until I lost mine and used a slightly different model . The back button is great because you do n't have to clear the whole equation just because you mist typed .
 Great calculator for the price ! I am taking a statistics course with t test , z tests , ANOVA , etc and this calculator works just as well as a more expensive one used in the past . It was recommended by my instructor .
 really good calculator , i recommend it , very cheap and economical , much cheaper than buying at walmart , came in fast and right away intact
 Works fine . Easy to read the numbers . Good for tests that do n't allow graphing calculators.Its easy to get it right . And TI got it right , so full score .
 This is the second Texas Instruments TI-30Xa calculator that I have purchased . It has very good features for different calculations and the quality of the product is execellent .
 I bought this calculator two years ago , and even though it is n't as fancy as some , it has done everything it needs to do in school . It has simple features but the buttons are easy to find and I still have n't had ant problems . It 's probably one one the most reliable calculators ever , especially for the great price . Great for middle school/high school students .
 This is a great advanced scientific calculator !!! Even though i 'm still in 8th grade , going into 9th , this calculator is a great one!I 'd say that this is good starting at 6th grade . That 's when you start getting into more of the `` complex '' stuff.This calculator has : -183 functions-3 memories-automatic and manual shutoff-2 batteries-backspace-shift -LRB- 2nd -RRB- key-1 year limited warrenty-and more !! I 've also heard people say that this is great for high school and college!This is a great calc !!
 This is no doubt , an awesome calculator to have . However - I bought it thinking I was going to get a purple calculator like the one pictured -LRB- if you search purple calculator , this is one of the calculators that comes up -RRB- . I wish I knew about this before purchasing it - because then I 'd just keep using the one I already have . : < But other than that this calculator is amazing .
 My mom bought me my original TI-30XA back when I started 7th grade - 13 years ago ! I used that same calculator throughout middle school , high school , and college -LRB- where it got a lot of use -RRB- . Over the years , I 've only had to replace the batteries once or twice - but this thing is still going strong . Incredible value , and gets the job done . Period .
 Although I did not purchase this item online , I have had one of these calculators for 14 years . I used it constantly since I was in high school and I have never had any problems with it . I simply had to write a review of the product because today was the first day in 14 years that the calculator has not worked and I think that it is just the battery . I think I paid about $ 10 for it when i first purchased it and that was certainly a steal of a deal !
 My old calculator of this model dies . It was a mere 20ish years old . I tried upgrading to TI-30XIIS with its fancy dual power and two line output . But , in the end , I am again using a TI 30XA . When I tell it 1 +2 +3 +4 = , it says 1 +2 = 3 +3 = 6 +4 = 10 , where as the new fangled 30xIIS says merely 1 +2 +3 +4 = 10 . In accounting and other things , the subtotals matter too . I hope this new one last 20 years too .
 If you do n't need all the bells and whistles , this is a great calculator for the price.I am a tutor and I really like the fact that I can put it in my bag and go . The cover keeps it protected .
 Great purchase worked just for what i needed and i enjoy using it nothing bad about it and arrive don time .
 ok . reasonable price . suitable for basic scientific calculation . good to use though a little bit hard to press the buttons .
 These little guys are cheap enough to have a few around . The keys are well-organized . These do about 85 % of everything I do on a regular basis just perfectly . Their exponential entry is straight-forward and the display will show plenty of digits . These come with a hard plastic cover that slips on the backside and seems to protect it just fine . I have 5 of these and leave one everywhere I 'm likely to need one .
 I ordered this calculator because I needed a specific model for an exam I was taking . It suited my needs just fine and does way more than I typically need a calculator to do . But I 'll have now if I ever need it for other activities .
 I ordered this for a math class . Seems fine to me ! I definitely wo n't be showing up unprepared for class now .
 Got here fast . Was exactly like the one I got at college bookstore , only cheaper . Very happy with purchase . Still in package . Thanks
 My math class required this calculator , and it 's worked perfectly since I got it . I really like TI calculators in general . They make reliable and durable products .
 THIS IS EXCELLENT PRODUCT , THE PRICE IS LOW AND I GET ALL I NEED IN THIS SCIENTIFIC CALCULATOR . IF YOU NEED ANY SCIENTIFIC CALCULATOR YOU MUST BUY THIS TEXAS INSTRUMENT .
 ACTUAL REVIEW DATE
 This calculator , though it does n't have RPN -LRB- reverse polish notation , just a superior entry method -RRB- , is still an excellent scientific calculator . I have several -LRB- 3 I think -RRB- , and they are very durable . I once dropped one from 10 ft up onto a concrete floor and it is still working now -LRB- this was about 10 years ago -RRB- . The features are great on it , for a scientific calculator . I did n't care for the solar model as much , since I want to be able to work no matter how much light I can get on the screen , but this one is great and the batteries seem to last a very long time . In short , this one is easily worth the 15 dollars I paid for it and then some . Great calculator .
 This calculator was given to me by my sister when she entered 11th grade and I entered 7th . The battery is still the original one and I have found that there are no handicaps to this calculator . I love it and I am now in 9th grade - the calculator is 6 years and is still in perfect working condition . I do n't believe that there is a better calculator available ; my previous math teacher has been recommending this for over 10 years . This is GREAT !
 I 'm an eigth grade student and I use the TI-30 Xa non solar calculator . It is very handy to have with me . I carry it in my pocket 100 % of the time . It is useful for lots of things . Next year I 'll have to get a TI83plus or a TI-89 .
 I love this calculator . It is very easy to use , but I have one problem with it . Its not solar . This calculator runs out of battery life after a while and then its done . Other than that I love it .
 Not quite as sleek as the 30X-IIS but I used to use this one till it got stolen . I now use a TI-83 and a 30XIIS . TI 's just prove to last forever . -LRB- at least till they get stolen . -RRB- I recommend this easily to all 7th grader and 8th graders . You should wait for a graphing calc at least til you are in Algebra . This or the 30X IIS are great for Mid-level math .
 There 's nothing much to say but if you need a calculator that is less scientific but with some good functions -LRB- including trigonomic functions -RRB- then this is the calculator for you . It 's cheap and functions perfectly without failure .
 I bought this calculator in my junior year of high school , and it 's been wonderful . I am now in my 1st year of college , and I am still using it . Most teachers/professors are experienced with TI calculators . If you buy something other than TI , the teacher or professor might not be familiar with it . This will cause a proble , which I 've seen in my classes , so the best thing to do is to steer away from it.I am going into my second year of school now , and things are getting a bit hectic . I am going to buy a TI-89 pretty soon , because Calc classes require a graphing calculator . Also , I want to play Street Fighter II on it . heh ... Trust me , get this calculator . I go to school in New York City , and this calculator was PERFECT for all the classes I had in HS and up to my 1st year in college .
 This is a good buy . Texas instruments are the best makers of calculators . Only reason I did n't give it five stars is because I 'm flunking algebra 2 .
 I bought this for my 13 year old son , who got a lot of use from it . Until the `` 5 '' key stopped working for no apparent reason . I still give it 4 stars , despite the questionable durabilty , because of it 's price and functionality .
 I bought this after I lost my TI-30XS Multiview Calculator , it works ok but I found the TI-30XS Multiview Calculator much easier to use like a mini TI 85 plus as a bonus it is a solar calculator , I love it . Next time instead of saving a few bucks I will get the calculator I really want .
 I still have a TI-55 III calculator from 1987 -LRB- ?! -RRB- that is running on its original battery , but I needed a second calculator for use at work . This TI-30XA is what I bought . I like it.The one I received looks a little different than the Amazon photo , but has all of the same keys and functions . On the top part of the front , mine has the model number and TI name/logo centered above the display , and in larger font . Also , it 's buttons for X , - , + etc are a row of forest-green buttons -LRB- which I actually like better than what 's on the Amazon photo -RRB- . This calculator feels solid and well-built . The `` case '' is a piece of sliding hard plastic that slides onto the top side of the calculator to protect the keys . On the inside of the case is a card that explains various math functions.The TI-30XA is a solid , basic calculator that I like , and it is a great bargain . I give it at least 4 stars . I would give it 5 stars if it included metric conversion functions and had 6 number memory storage places -LRB- this has 3 -RRB- like my old TI-55 III .
 This product was exactly as described and fulfilled my purposes perfectly . As stated in the title it was just as expected .
 I love this calculator . It is very durable as well . My daughter has found it and thrown it around numerous times and still works great .
 I 've used the same calculator for the past 5 years and the battery still has not died on me -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . This calculator is one of the most comfortable , easy-to-use , versatile functioning calculator for most any continuous mathematics course out there . You can easily do rationals/fractions which is a great plus . It has 3 storage spaces which are always useful along with the use of nested parenthesis . It also has engineering functions BUT lacks hex binary or octal converters , but that would make it a programming calculator which is a different function ... It also has a -LSB- backspace -RSB- function which lets you delete just like you were on a computer which is a plus if you 're fast at making mistakes . The price is right , the size and width is great and the functionality , reliability , and versatility of this calculator make it so great that I 've bought 2
 This calculated was exactly what I was looking for . The description was accurate and the price was better than what I had found in the stores in my area .
 I bought this calculator under the recommendation from my Intermediate Algebra teacher at college and I 'd recommend it for anyone taking similar classes ! It 's good value and works great ! It 's very user friendly and easy to use . It comes with instructions for use and has a list of useful notes in the cover of the calculator !
 I gave this item 5 stars because of the very fast shipment , and this calculator was in it 's original packaging , and work great . Will definitely order again .
 Texas Instruments have a long history of products , and their popularity is well-deserved . This product is no exception to their expertise in hand-held calculator inventions.I am an engineer , but sometimes I do n't need a complicated tool by my side all the time . Whenever I need to do a simple calculation , I reach for this item , as the buttons are very responsive , the output is readable and clear , and there is no hassle to change menus in order to do such calculations.Sure , I have many more calculators around for the complex projects , but I can kick this one around without feeling like I am risking a huge investment . And it is resilient to shock , and it can pull through some dirty work that woodworkers or carpenters often find themselves involved in.Long lasting , durable , reliable . Good quality . 5-stars .
 I 'm a research scientist who uses computers both at home and at work . But I also like to have a good scientific calculator ready at hand for convenience . I prefer Texas Instruments calculators for ease of use and reliability . I keep a calculator in my bedroom , den , living room , car , and at work . Three of my calculators are TI30XAs . That 's right , as a practicing scientist I find that the bargain-priced TI30XA calculator has every scientific function I need for most problems . On the rare occasions that I need more power I use a computer . It never ceases to amaze me that many of my scientific colleagues are so computer dependent that they do n't even own a calculator . Whenever they 're away from their computer , they 're lost . But with several TI30XAs , I have a calculator handy almost everywhere I am . You can spend more for a calculator but it 's hard to find one that out performs the inexpensive TI30XA for most applications .
 For the price , it is hard to beat this calculator . I 've had this model for years and it is still going strong , with no problems or even a change of battery . Numbers are easy to read and the buttons are fairly large , with second functions labeled clearly . Lots of functions , and it is easy to use for stats . I also like the fact that it has an OFF button , which many models do n't have . If you need a graphing calculator , of course this will not do , but for everyday use this model is a durable workhorse that I highly recommend .
 I have this calculator and can easily say that it is the best calculator -LRB- in its class -RRB- you could buy . I have had mine since 6th grade and it has n't let me down . I am now in 10th grade and finally i 'm getting rid of it because I am supposed to have a TI-83 + graphing calculator . The battery lasts forever -LRB- finally changed mine last year after it turned 3 years old -RRB- This calculator can do everything . I used it from elementary school to pre-algebra , algebra , geometry , and to this point in algebra 2 . The best part about this calculator is its layout . For example basic calculations -LRB- 2 +3 = 5 -RRB- works great and all the other buttons dont distract you and as you go through math you learn more buttons that help you as you go and eventually you know how to do everything . It can do just about everything too , I remember freinds that have suffered through math because their similar scientific calculator did n't have one of the buttons we need , I have never had a problem . I used this in Elementary school , all through middle school and 2 years into high school and it shows no sighns of lacking preformence .
 Nice calculator but the decimal point is hard to see . Too small . Wish I 'd known that before I bought it .
 The TI30XA is great . It 's small size and light weight make it easy to carry anywhere . The TI also contains enough features to cover 90 percent of the math covered in high school -LRB- including pre-calculus -RRB- . It is also handy for normal jobs as well . This calculator has everything a person needs .
 I gave it 5 because my girflriend loves it . It is hers.Now , down to brass tacks . Every review I read on Amazon leaves out or merely casually mentions what I need to know.So , batteries . NO , it does not expain how to change them in EVERY manual . At least it does not in this one . It only sayes that the batteries should last a lifetime . Okay , to change the batteries you need to remove all 6 very small philips-head screws from the back of the case , -LRB- I recommend a set of jewler 's screw drivers -RRB- and pry it open . The two button cells are located between the display and what would be the `` top '' of the case as you would hold it ot operate it . In this case they were GPA76 . I substituted LR44 -LRB- laser pointer batteries -RRB- bcause they are basically the same battery , though some may argue the LR44 has marginally higher capacity due to it 's marginal incress in thickness . I found the batteries here died due to shelf life . -LRB- After three years , alcaline batteries tend to die and or leak . A single lithium button cells such as the high-capaicty CR2032 is a good idea due to the 10 year shelf life . -RRB- One was still usable but I replaced both of them . One had corroded , causing the lack of current flow , so I had to scrape the corrocsion off the one contact - look out for that and you should proobably test the unit before closing the case.As for the functionality , I 'd say it is an excellent scientific calcualtor . Large number of digits and good ranges and coversions . Not bad for the price . Personally I use one that hase electrical units such as inductance and capacitance , but hey , for normal scientific use -LRB- and you are not designing a space station or torsion field generatior -RRB- it seems quite good . AOS , good key layout , and key relief . Rapidly entering calcualtions is a snap . I actually like this one better than mine though I can not easily use it for my research I 'd say it could in most cases due the job for someone into college.The cons : No instructions on battery replacement -LRB- at least in this one 's manual -RRB- and it is very inexpensively made -LRB- hey , they need to make a profit after all ! -RRB- Be careful repacing the batteries because if you touch it in the wrongplaces , a key or two - or even display segments can be dmaged . I will say it is not as touchy about that as some LCD devices I have serviced or modified in my time.Overall , for the price an excellent choice . I just wish they had been clear about replacing batteries , indeed I wish SOMEONE had mentioned it in detail . That is why I did so .
 Things I like most :3 memoriesPi keyFactorialNOT solar , so memory never gets deleted unless you delete yourselfThe instruction card built in to caseEverything!Things I do n't like : Nothing!I am a rising 7th grader and this calculator continued to please me all through 6th grade . It did EVERYTHING I needed it to do without being confusing AT ALL ! If it was , I would just check the instruction card attached to the case and figure it out . And it costs 10 dollars at most , so you ca n't go wrong ! Great calculator for its class !
 My daughter loves all the feature and ease of use . She uses if for her HS chemistry class . The only negative is that you need good lighting for the calculator to work well . Not good if you are working in an area without direct lighting .
 In general I like this calculator . It has features like hex , octal and binary calculations that are useful for programming . The decimal point function correctly -LRB- in that it is only displayed after it gets typed , instead of always being displayed , which is a subtle reminder that the button was pressed or not -RRB- . The solar panel works well in any light that is bright enough to comfortably read in . However , the silver 2004 edition has some regressions compared to the black 1991 edition . First of all , the case is harder to get on and off . The 1991 just slide on and off , but the 2004 edition sorta latches at the top and bottom and needs to be pried off . Secondly , the = sign was changes from a double height key to a single height key . When this was done , the other keys were not changed , so now some of the keys that used to be arranged in a line are no longer , such as `` dec , hex , oct , bin '' and `` and , or , xor , xnor , not '' . Lastly , the calculator was enlarged so it is now about half an inch taller and a quarter inch wider , which makes it a little harder to fit in a pocket or a bag.Some more notes
 I would buy another of these if I needed a solar calculator.But if given a chance , I would redesign the case . It 's difficult to remove the calculator from its cover . The outer case fastens via a slot and tab on each end . It is more difficult to remove than previous designs , which used side rails and rabbets , using friction to keep the cover in place.Other critiques -LRB- difficult to read button labels , less than helpful instruction book -RRB- were not as important for me .
 This is a good and decent scientific calculator from TI , but for what little it can do compared to the competition -LRB- Sharp , Casio and HP , etc. -RRB- , it is way way overpriced in my opinion . A price of $ 9.95 would be much more reasonable for this machine , as is true now for the two algebraic Casio clone scientific machines , the HP-8s -LRB- now only available in Asia -RRB- and also the HP-10s -LRB- available in N. America -RRB- or now even the HP Smartcalc 300s -LRB- which unfortunately has some keyboard problems currently -RRB- . The TI36X is an algebraic calculator with a simple , two line , LCD display that has a modern and fine curved-body design that is very light , solar powered , has good , but very limited scientific unit conversions with a small list of available scientific constants and also has a reasonable key `` feel '' , but :1 -RRB- It only performs statistical data operations for linear -LRB- straight line -RRB- regression .2 -RRB- It has a very limited memory storage capability .3 -RRB- It will not do numeric derivatives or numeric integrals or vectors or matrices , or even lists .4 -RRB- It also does not have a special display to show equations in the form as they are written in textbooks , etc. which the Casio FX-115ES and the Sharp EL-516B -LRB- or now the HP Smartcalc 300s -RRB- will readily perform.In summary , maybe for middle school students who are very shy of mathematics , this machine may still fill a small role , but otherwise for $ 15 - $ 20 you can readily find much more powerful calculators from at least three other calculator companies .
 I purchased a Casio fx-115ES at about the same time for the same price as the TI-36X SOLAR . The TI will do the job and it is the one my school text book uses , however , the Casio has a more natural display and it almost explains itself as you use it . The instructions that came with the Casio leave something to be desired . The TI instructions are written in words and in English , instead of having to deal with the iconic pictures with the Casio . Where they will both do the calculations I like the display on the Casio better . However , the instructions with the TI get you up to speed more quickly .
 This is a great update to the black 36x with it 's ergonomic design . It has the same features as the 36x with chemistry constants and lots of various math functions.The downfall to this is that it turns off in low light , unlike the black 36x . The keys are spaced wide enough for fast input . Has some memory functions . Easy to use . I highly suggest this to anyone who is a science major in college .
 Amazon shipped the old model which is great by me . This machine is as close to a postfix calculator as T.I. makes The best scientific -LSB- non graphing -RSB- calculator made by T.I.
 Does all the major functions of a scientific calculator and readily converts english to metric and back .
 This is a great calculator . It is hard to find in stores so if you are thinking of getting one ... hurry . You ca n't bet it .
 So , I received my TI-36X new in it 's original packaging with instruction manual . Most impressive . Its sexy sleek design , silvery finish , and slim body began calling to my eager hands to hold it , push its buttons , and admire its intelligent design . Not only is it fluent in math-speak , each button has 3 independent functions , making calculations easy , and fun to work with . Later that evening , my girlfriend was very happy to see me . As she nudged alongside me , she softly purred in my ear ... `` Why baby , is that a calculator in your pocket , or are you just happy to see me ? '' She had caught me red handed ... so I coyly replied , `` Why yes you little vixen , and she is solar powered . Wan na do some calculus ? ''
 Great Customer Service . He called me to verify what he thought was a bad shipping address . Good to have a human in the loop !
 This is a very easy calculator to use . At around $ 20 , it performs some very useful functions , such as linear regression , S.D. , English/SI conversions , fraction/decimal conversions , etc. . Everything an engineer needs . I bought one of these on a last-minute deal and was quite surprised at how easy it was to learn how to QUICKLY make complex calculations with minimal effort.Some talk has been made in other reviews of the 3rd function 's purple text . Yes , it IS a little difficult to read , but TI has recently released a newer version of this calculator that has addressed this -LRB- I had a chance to play with a new one today while I was picking up some photos at a discount store -RRB- . The current version -LRB- not pictured here -RRB- is very easy to read.About the only things I would like to see changed would be the addition of a 2-line display and dual power -LRB- sorry , the solar power is a little slow sometimes in dim light -RRB- . Are you listening TI?All in all , at $ 20 , I consider this a best buy and will probably purchase more for work , home , school , and any other calculator need I have .
 This was a really nice calculator while it still worked . I especially liked that the solar cell power worked even in really dim light . But , like one of the other reviewers , I started having problems with the LCD display , some of the segments would n't show up anymore , ie . if I entered 88888888 it might show up as 813E831E . I did n't treat it roughly , it was only used at my desk . Well , it did last for over 2 years , so maybe I should n't complain so much , but in comparison , I have a Casio scientific that is still working after more than 10 years .
 Advice to people just starting out in math , chemistry , or engineering
 When I started high school I received one of these little calculators as a gift , and during four years it accompanied me through many classes . For four years I did not have a single problem with it even though it was put to the test in many occasions . Very sturdy is the perfect description I can give , and the fact that it does not require a battery is a major plus.Now in college I use a TI-89 Titanium , but in my pocket I always carry my TI-36 .
 This Calculator rocks ! I am a Junior in Highschool and I have used it for all my math AND science AND computer classes . Not only does it do your simple math , it does many things useful for english to metric conversion . A definite MUST HAVE for any highschool student !
 Parents , get this calc for your pre-teen in Junior High . Although not for geometry , this calculator rocks for pre-alg and algreba I . More than enough maybe , the TI-30 and TI-34 are good enough . But to give your kid the edge , this is it .
 I 'm going back to college to change careers - a switch from the arts to pre-med . While all the eighteen-year-olds have hundred dollar TI graphing calculators , I bought this little beauty , and its been my trusty mate through Chemistry , Calculus , Physics , Statistics and the like . It is simple and no-nonsense , and has everything you need . And I never have to worry about battery power.The only down side ? I misplaced it for the first time the other day , and I have to get a new one . I actually am so used to my old one , I dislike the new redesign and I 'm going to search for the model with the purple lettering that people complain about . Its really not a big deal , folks .
 These were purchased for my 2 grandkids who were going from elementary school to middle school and they were going to be needed . Both kids were excited at the prospect of new phases of math and they are both good students of math .
 This is a great calculator . Its got plenty of spaces for memory -- so you do n't have to keep entering those ridiculously long 1.2982143 x10 ^ -19 type intermediate results again when you know you will need to recall them later . The very few features I wish it would/could do would make it unacceptable to many physics , and chemistry teachers . This truly is the Cadillac of science function calculators that do n't do graphing as far as what colleges will let you get away with .
 Needs bright light to turn on -LRB- with slight delay -RRB- . Once on , lighting can be become low and calculator still functions . This calculator provides much needed Hexadecimal arithmetic operations .
 Texas Instruments ' TI36X Solar Scientific Calculator is a very good instrument . It is certainly great for the environment since it spares landfills and 3rd world e-recycling pits the toxins contained in button batteries.I was however disappointed when I compared it to my 1998 TI36X because this older version can operate in lower-level lighting conditions than the newer version . I did notice that the solar cell strip on the newer calc is slightly smaller than the one on the older calc . I really ca n't imagine why TI would make such a change . They really did n't save any money.All in all , I commend Texas Instruments for continuing to make an all-solar calculator as opposed to those so-called `` two-way power '' and `` battery back-up '' `` solar '' calculators , which in my view only serve to keep button battery companies rich . As an electrical engineer , I can say that no scientific calculator ever really needs to be designed for battery use .
 Great calculator for linear regression . I use it for pharmacokinetics and it works great ! Highly recommend this calculator , especially for the price .
 Does every thing I need it to do , It has features that I may never use , but they are there if I need them .
 Well this is my first solar calculator and I must say its ingenius !! Just think you 'll never need batteries and it wo n't die on you in the middle of a test or project.I used this for my statistics class and it is a great tool to have .
 The TI-36 series is my all-time favorite calculator . Powerful , easy to use , and an outstanding value . I have the older TI-36X -LRB- black , with a slide-on-off cover -RRB- . This is my complaint , `` If it ai n't broke do n't fix it '' . The older TI was distinctly better . This is what happens when the Styling Guys get a hold of a great design and mess it up . Yes , it 's still a fabulous calculator buy , but the new cover is a clumsy snap on-off design that 's hard to use , the keys have poorer legibility , the sides are shaped so that it 's slippery and easy to drop -LRB- I did four or five times -RRB- . The solar-cell has always been a little anemic -LRB- not working in subdued but usable light -RRB- , and the new model is worse in this regard . This is still the best calculator value out there in my opinion , but the original design was superior and in every respect . Not a good trend . I can only hope that TI will return to the older design , with a backup coin-battery for dim lighting and make this the PERFECT calculator . I consider this a still great calculator but I give it 's predecessor the full 5-star rating .
 I recently bought this to replace my 12-year old TI-35X scientific calculator . This model has the same 40-button layout and performs every function that I need . The buttons are clearly labeled and do not stick unlike some other inexpensive calculators . The ` 2nd ' and ` 3rd ' functions are easily distinguishable from the other keys . Unfortunately , the flimsy case awkwardly snaps onto the unit unlike the bulkier TI-35X sliding hard case . Amazon shows a hard case above , so perhaps I have a slightly different version of the TI-36X . Most people do n't need an elaborate graphing calculator so consider this budget unit instead of spending significantly more for a fancier model .
 Scientific calculator . Meets needs of my son 's class and is on the acceptable calculator list for the ACT and SAT . Worth the price .
 This is your basic scientific calculator . It comes with instructions , which you will need if this is your first time using one . Simple design , easy to use , great price .
 This is a re-purchase of the calculator type , I used in college . It rode around in a book-pack for years , in a map-case for the Army -LRB- an oput door occupation -RRB- , and then finally ; sat in a desk . I just wore it out.For that great service , I bought another , just as like it , or as close as I could get . Good Product !
 This is an acceptable replacement for the classic TI-35 + Scientific Calculator . Same or close to the same functionality as the original . However , the design of the case is irritating and hard to use . I will eventually break it because of stress of taking off the cover . Also , the dual battery/solar cell combo is sadly missed , especially in this day and age when rechargeable battery tech is better than it was in the 1980 's when the ti35 came out .
 I love this calculator . I switched from the TI-30 . Very easy to use . Buttons were pretty much in the same spot . I only have two complaints : Solar power - if the lighting is inadequate it can take ~ 10 seconds just for it to turn on . I literally have to hold it facing directly at the light source . In a classroom or well lit room , no problem . Never had any problems with the TI-30 . Memory - Storing and Recalling is the same . The only problem I have is the ON button . On the TI-30 , you can press CLR or ON and your memory will not be deleted . Sometimes I use the `` ON '' button to clear out any calculations . My memory is still there . On the TI-36x , if you hit the ON button , it clears all your memory . Sometimes I forget -LRB- used to clearing with the ON button -RRB- and I end up deleting the numbers I stored.Minor complaint
 This calculator pretty much provides everything anyone would need academically , except in advanced mathematics -LRB- calculus , complex numbers , advanced statistics -RRB- . In comparison to the the casio fx115 models , this TI has no where near the features available - however even with these limitations , the biggest drawbacks would be the lack of multiple line display or scroll capability , and the limited memory -LRB- 3 variables -RRB- . The casio models will do so much more than this model and with more than double the memory - and yet this calculator feels exceptionally better in use ; the keyboard layout , appearance , and feel are significantly better than the casios . And for this reason I find myself reaching far more often for this TI in use than for the Casio . Either platform will get you comfortably thru college level courses -LRB- where it should be about the math , not the calculator -RRB- , or thru the ncees exams too . This simple calculator just has a real quality feel and look about it - yeah it could do more -LRB- like the casio -RRB- , but IMO , its aesthetics forgives some of its limitations .
 This is the best calculator I 've ever owned . The display screen resists light scratching and the casing is stylish , easy to clean , and does not fade like the plastic on other calculators . The calculator does not turn on in dim light , but who is working in dim light ? I purchased a newer , natural display scientific calculator because of its ability to solve equations and create tables for graphing but it started to get scratches on the side from sliding the cover on and off and the display screen scratched the very first time I removed the protection plastic ! The final straw was the amount of time it took just to key in a problem . I finally became so frustrated with it that I went back to my all time favorite . I gave the natural display calculator to my wife.Unless you are in a math class that requires you to use a graphing calculator , this calcuator is all that you will need for your math and science classes . This calculator is a great buy !
 Love this model for lab , solar easily works near windows or low lights ,3 memories are indispensable -LRB- could use 5 -RRB- , always reliable in our constant use , not gentle , environment . Have used this model for many years . Only problems
 I 'm a research scientist . I started using a slide rule in high school about 1947 , a computer in 1958 , and scientific calculators some time in the early 1970s . Despite the power of computers I still like to have ready access to a good calculator , and my favorite brand -LRB- for versatility and ease of use -RRB- is Texas Instruments . The TI36X especially impresses me . It is a very powerful , very user-friendly scientific calculator for less than -LSB- price -RSB- . It performs virtually all scientific functions plus basic statistics and linear regressions and is light-powered in virtually any light . In my view , this is an incredible bargain . In fact , although I already have Texas Instruments calculators in my bedroom , den , living room , and at work , I could n't resist the TI36X and bought one . It 's a terrific calculator ! If you do n't need graphing capability , I highly recommend this powerful bargain calculator .
 As one of the `` official seven '' calculators now allowed on the PE exam , this inexpensive calculator was all I needed -LRB- civil exam , anyway -RRB- . As a former die-hard HP fan , it took some retraining to `` un-RPN '' my fingers , but lots of practice problems using the calculator that I would be using on the test and I was OK . The display is clear and readable , the solar panel powers the calculator with just the light from a computer monitor . Bottom line
 Ok I 'm a high school student and got this calculator last year for honors chem , my other scientific calculator -LRB- TI-30X -RRB- just was n't sufficient . But this one is great ! If you 're in chemistry , it has easy-to-use conversions -LRB- from pounds-kilos , gallons-liters etc. -RRB- , and for chem and other sciences like bio , and physics it has constants such as Avogadro 's number and Planck 's constant , which make solving problems easier . Plus , for math , it 's the easiest scientific caluclator I have encountered , and has many features . The only drawbacks I can see are that it does not have a two-line display and you can not go back and see previous operations and the snap-on cover is a bit awkward at first . However , the screen is easy to get used to , and once you do , the calculator is perfect . For students , this has all the features which you need up through Alg 2 and trig -LRB- and probably further -RRB- and is simple to use . Plus , you can use it on the PSAT , SAT , SAT II 's , ACT , AP exams ! Though other users may be right that you can find cheaper calculators with more features from brands other than TI , I would say that for those in elementary , middle , or high school , its easiest to stick with TI , that 's what everyone else , including the teacher uses , and that 's what the teachers in my classes have always taught us how to use new features using TI . By far I would say its the best scientific calculator with the most useful features that I have encountered , and your best bet if you are still a student .
 I have used the TI-36X , which I bought several years ago after I lost the similar TI-35X . This calculator is excellent for everything from Pre-Algebra to Pre-Calculus . I have a feeling that it wo n't be as adequate for college-level calculus , but the graphing calculator I use -LRB- TI-82 -RRB- is less intuitive and more cumbersome . For $ 25 , the TI-36X should be good for five years of math through trig and statistics . It 's the standard too . Most teachers are familiar with its layout , as opposed to the more obscure Casios .
 As somebody involved in the physical sciences , I find these little guys really handy . I try to keep one around at all times . Usually I end up leaving them behind and having to buy another one every 6 to 12 months . I 've been buying TI calculators like this for most of the last decade . Now I 've bought one for my son -LRB- algebra in middle school -RRB- and wife -LRB- algebra in college -RRB- . If you need something more complicated than this , learn RPN and get an HP , get one of those graphing goodies , or use a computer . But if you just need basic math functionality , without having to write complex formulae , this one is a honey . It may not immediately spit out 68 ! , but that 's not a problem I typically encounter.The photo-voltaic is sensitive enough to be useful -- I do n't miss the days of having to keep a spare set of batteries around . I 've never been able to wear one of these out , so I can not comment on the long-term viability of the keyboard or display , but at this price , I can afford to buy the latest upgrade each year & not worry too much . -LRB- If you 'd like to comment about this review , click on the `` about me '' link above & drop me an email . Thanks ! -RRB-
 I am currently a grad student in mathematics , and I am still using TI36X . In fact I have been using it since I was a high school student . While I was in high school , I tried almost all -LRB- in $ 20 's range -RRB- calculators from TI , Sharp , and Canon , and Casio . I ended up with a TI36X . I have been a fan ever since . I studied electrical engineering while in college , and between HP 's 48GX and this calculator , you wo n't need anything else . I used the TI for almost all calculations except for a few that required complex numbers and graphics -LRB- which I used HP for -RRB- . Easy to use , neatly placed buttons , able to do fractions , built-in constants , common conversions between units , % calculations , just to name a few of my favorite functions . You ca n't go wrong with this calculator.This is a great gift for any students in high school and up .
 I ended up getting the ti36 because I dropped my ti35 one too many times -LRB- twenty or so good 5 ' drops on a hard floor -RRB- and it went bonkers . This is just as useful , plus it has some unit conversions for you . This could come in handy for Chemistry or Physics students . I also appreciate the fraction math you can do with it -LRB- you can do this on the ti35 too i think -RRB- . I am in our high school 's calculus class , and I get along fine with it . I think its important to really learn the basic concepts in high school , so I 'm not sure anything bigger is necessary . The only time I really feel like I need more than this is when I would like to graph functions to check my answers . It never hurts to do some good old fashion paper & pencil math , though .
 nothing like solar ! I still have the old version , so I wanted one that had the same functions on the same keys . you ca n't go wrong with this Texas Instruments scientific calulator - I think it 's the best one out there and the easiest to use .
 Purchased for my sixth grader . Has all the functions required for the next couple years math . Great display and no need for batteries .
 I 've had this little gem for about 10 years . I got it at work and have used it off and on quite a bit over the last 10 years . It just started having an issue , but so much good times , I can forgive it.I 'll be getting another one soon . It 's the perfect basic scientific calculator when you want good solid scientific capability , but not the overhead of a big fancy graphing calculator .
 Please note the letters are not inteded for alphanumeric functions . They happen to be the letters used in the hexadecimal mode of the calculator .
 I LOVE this calculator . I bought this when I returned to college about 3 years ago , and it 's STILL going . If you can purchase this model of the 36x it 's BETTER than the update . It works well in low light -LRB- in a living room with one lamp -RRB- and is still able to be read.This also has a couple of memory buttons to input your own constants or equations.What I really love about this calculator is all of the chemistry constants available on it . It has Avagadro 's number , the speed of light , and more . The updated version also has these functions , and it is a little easier to use ergonomically .
 this is an awesome calculator for the price they could probably charge alot more for it , great for work use
 This calculator works great . I bought this for my kids and they love it very much . It has what they want .
 Im a P2 and this calculator has made my life so much easier in pharmacy school . I wished i purchased this thing sooner . So much easier then using those old school single line calculators . My $ 100 graphing calculator is basically a paper weight since they are not allowed in any of my classes since HS .
 I bought this scientific calculator for my son to school , it works very good.I would recommend this product very much .
 Bought this for my daughter . She is taking a college class that reccomended this model . So I bought it for her . She seems very pleased .
 Really good price for a calculator that does what it is supposed to do . This is required for my college chemistry and physics courses and I needed something light and basic . This def fits the bill .
 I looked everywhere for a calculator that would help with my son 's Geometry . This seemed to fit the bill . Nice size display and a nice instruction guide . I 'm sure he 'll be using this ALOT .
 This is a great little calculator . Has survived drops , being squashed between books , and `` just works '' . The command history/line editing is a great bonus , and is one of the things that really sets it apart from other calculators of its size/functionality . The button action is also very good -- they feel responsive , not squishy like on similar new HP models . The multi-line display has become a `` must '' for me , now that I 've gotten used to it -- single-line calculators just are n't good enough anymore . I 've purchased more than one of these units , and would certainly buy more if the ones I have died . But they have n't .
 This great little calculator does everything we needed and at a great price too ! I wo n't ever have to buy another one .
 Unless your instructor requires you for having high class graphic calculator that you can see entire graph on the screen , this calculator does good job through lower calc class . I got this a bit over $ 10 at Wal-Mart , and it 's been lasting 3 + years now . No issues or no problem whatsoever .
 Solid Texas Instruments product . My son uses it for his school work and it always does the job . What else can you say .
 Had this when i was in college , bought one for my brother when he needed one simple and designed never change -LRB- didnt need too -RRB- .
 My son started using this calculator in 6th grade and finds it a great tool to use for his homework .
 I 've searched far and wide for a calculator that would fulfill the mathematical emptiness that has plagued my life . Just kidding . This calculator is being used by an 8th grader and she is having zero problems using it for her math course . The school recommended we buy this specific calculator so it would be wise to check with your school and its math teacher to make sure that this would be an appropriate buy .
 What can I say . . Its a calculator , but a good one i guess . Has all the functions you would need for a regular non-programmable calculator
 What the title say , it 's a mini version of a TI-83 / 84 , just a bit smaller . I prefer a smaller one .
 I bought this calculator to donate to a local school . the price was lower than i could buy it in the store and the shipping was quick .
 It 's a compact solar-powered scientific calculator for $ 15 . Unless you really need multiple lines of numbers on your calculator , this one is a no-brainer . 5 stars .
 Recieved on time . Product was like new . It 's a TI Calculator , what else can I say . \ Bart SelmanTexas Instruments TI-30X IIS 2-Line Scientific Calculator
 This product arrive quickly and on time . It covers all the funtions I need and was cheaper than the campus bookstore .
 Well , it 's a scientific calculator some of my classes required . It does scientific functions and stuff , has solar power ... really it 's just an everyday calculator , not much to say , but it works just fine .
 I have order this calculater a while ago . I was mad that the price of shipping is not clear . Moreover , I have recieved this item a week later than it supposed to be diliver . Therefore , I wrote a letter to the customer service . They reply me right the way with a full refund on the shipping . I recived the item with good quality eventually .
 good stuff ! buy one ! has all the keys and functions you need !
 Definetely a best value for the price paid . Highly recommended .
 great condition . a little wear to it and was written on the shield but other than that it was good to go .
 Needed this for my pre calc class since we are not allowed to use our graphing calculators . It does what it says , no complaints except that the buttons a a little wobbly and do n't register easily at times . So be careful during exams .
 I bought the calculator for math and still use it after the class ... it works well and I am pleased ... thanks a lot
 I needed this calculator for math class because they would n't allow the ti 80 , so this is perfect ! very fast shipping and very pleased
 Does the job and arrived in a decent amount of time . It was cheaper than the ones that were at Staples .
 Would recommend to anyone . Brand new in box , and it has worked perfectly for my current class . And idk why it keeps asking to write more freaking words !! SMH
 This calculator was $ 4 plus $ 3.99 shipping . Great deal and it does so much ! I used it in my statistics class and it worked wonderfully !
 Good value , with prime excellent delivery and just right for my high school student . TI has always been a leader in this field so you ca n't go wrong .
 This is the only caluclator that our school approves of ... must be a good one if they only want you to buy one .
 My daughter needed a scientific calculator for school . This one meets all her requirements and was a good bargain . Since all algebraic calculators are basically the same , the thing that I really like about this one -LRB- other than the price -RRB- is the cover.The cover is a strong hard plastic that slides over the front , covering it completely . When the calculator is in use , the covers slides onto the back . That 's a really handy way to keep the cover while it is in use while also providing great protection for the front of it when it is banging around in a backpack.Also on the cover is a really handy sticker with instructions for the lesser used -- and therefore harder to remember -- functions .
 This is a great calculator ! I purchased it about six weeks ago and for a college student , working through tests and assignments is a breeze with this calculator . Honestly , I really ca n't complain about anything . A great buy .
 From reading most peoples bad reviews , they seem to want a standard scientific calculator . THIS IS NOT A STANDARD SCIENTIFIC CALCULATOR AND NOT A GRAPHING CALCULATOR.The purpose of this calculator is to replace your TI-83 or 84 if you ca n't use a graphing calculator on a test . The idea is that it has the same layout as those graphing calculators . Personally , I love my TI-84 and hate that I ca n't use it on tests , and I hated practicing to use a standard scientific calculator . One of my friends had this calculator and I borrowed it , tried it for two minutes , and was like `` What the hell have I been wasting my time around with other calculators for . `` Bottom line
 I 've used calculators such as this exact one before , and it 's now lost somewhere in my house . So I needed this one because doing all the simple math -LRB- such as addition or division -RRB- on paper , wastes paper and I seem to be mortal and prone to making small mistakes.With the TI 30xIIs again I have been capable in making much fewer mistakes , and logs and natural logs are actually doable in college algebra without using log tables and such.Best Calc I know to use and how to use .
 My professor has the same one , the Texas Instruments TI-30X IIS 2-Line Scientific Calculator is a great calculator and very easy to use . Oh and the price is great ! Other calculators go up to $ 80 or $ 90 , but the Texas Instruments TI-30X IIS 2-Line Scientific Calculator is a steal almost . I highly recomend this calculator for any math student in high school or college .
 this is a good product especially if you know how to use a calculator . It will get you through your 5th-8th grade math courses and some high school .
 I bought 2 of these-one for my 9th grade daughter -LRB- Algebra -RRB- & one for my 7th grade son -LRB- Pre-Algebra -RRB- . Looks like it 'll work for them through Geometry & probably Trigonometry . After that they might need a TI-83 for the graphing capabilities , but given the cost of that & the greater than likely probability of one of them losing or destroying the calculator before then , I figured this was the better option for now . This is definitely a good calculator at a good price .
 This calculator is exactly what I needed for my classes , and it is also very easy to use and an exceptional calculator for its cost . The computational capabilities are also fairly extensive for such a low priced item .
 I like this calculator a lot . I had an old TI 30 -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and it just died regardless of new batteries . This calculator has nice features and it works great . The only thing I have not figured out yet is how to calculate mean , mode , and std . dev . on it . Othere than that , it is great .
 We bought this for our daughter who is in High School . I was impressed by the functions in this reasonably priced calculator . Easily as good as the calculators I had in High School College and very reasonably priced .
 The product was shipped and received by given date . It was packaged well , and the calculator works great . I recommend this product to others .
 Just a regular scientific calculator , I personally prefer Texas Instrument products over the other calculator brands as I find them easier to use .
 It does what a calculator needs to do . Last one I had lasted me eight years so I 'm sure this one will last even longer
 I lost my $ 80 HP calculator and decided to buy a cheaper one . Found this on Amazon and cant be happier about it . The shipping was fast . I got it 36 hours after placing my order . The calculator is handy and have basic functions . I am a grad student and I use it for my Statistics class , awesome product . And did I tell you it is Solar so you do n't need battery
 This is a rather basic calculator that is great for middle schoolers in pre-algebra and algebra courses for parts of the year . This works well for middle school purposes , but will probably need to be replaced with a graphing calculator midway through algebra and definitely for geometry .
 I have the TI 30X-IIS , a nice dual power , 2 line calculator . It has one feature missing , the fraction bar key , that another TI has . Other than that , pretty much the perfect machine for me ... except it does not use a comma in numbers to separate the thousands place
 I work with high school students in Algebra I and Geometry and this is the most user friendly calculator I have found for those math levels .
 This calculator does the job for what I need . No batteries needed and it is solar powered . Only problem I have is the cover case . It is not slide in / slide out cover cases like most calculators . It is more of a snap it on / snap it off . Other than that it does help protect it from dust and getting the screen scratched .
