 I bought this mixer for my wife for Christmas and after agonizing and returing a few other Kitchenaid mixers I went with the one with the most power -LRB- like most men -RRB- . I do n't ever expect this one to run out of power and I also got a $ 50 gift certificate that I used on a Kitchenaid Blender . Kitchenaid products are one of the brands that still stand behind their products . For me it was a no-brainer , the other stores were selling a lesser product at a higher price , it would have been dumb to go elsewhere . Amazon you hit a home run !
 I am writing this review about 30 days after purchasing this mixer . 30 days ... have used it about 25 times . Yes , that many times . I 've made rolls/biscuits , lemon bars/sugar cookies , cheesecake , etc. . . all of my holiday baking was so much fun this year with the new mixer getting put to the test . This is my first stand mixer ... so do n't have a lot to compare it to . What a great Christmas present ... love the pearl metallic color .
 I 've been pondering for a few years about purchasing a KitchenAid mixer and finally took the plunge with the Professional 600 series . Amazon.com had an amazing offer for this series that I could n't pass up . I love how wonderfully easy it is to use and the exellent job it does . I 've made cookies , frostings , breads and all sorts of holiday goodies . I 've read previous reviews , which were very helpful in purchasing this mixer . I hope this review helps someone make their final decision .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0019CXW3A/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI purchased my new Kitchen Aid Professional 600 just prior to Thanksgiving . I had been waiting for a sale . When I saw the price offered by Amazon.com I could not resist and have not been sorry . It took me a few minutes to adjust , the first time I used it , but there is no comparison to my old outdated stand mixer.If you like to make large batches and freeze , this is the mixer for you .
 This is the best product of this kind that I have ever purchased . It 's reputation is right on the money . The quality is superb . I have nothing but good things to say . Using this equipment is a blessing for me since my hands do n't have the strength they had when I was younger.Everyone loves the end products made with my KitchenAid . The price was right on , too.Keep up the good work , Amazon .
 I bought this mixer for my wife as an early Christmas present and she LOVES it . Amazon was running a special for this particular color for $ 299 plus a $ 50 rebate . It has the big 600watt motor , and the color is gorgeous ! It almost looks like automotive paint with a slight metallic sheen . It is the same price as the cheapo model at walmart or other stores , but you get the big beefy pro model . Could n't be happier !
 You ca n't go wrong with this mixer . The wife loves it and uses it every chance she can . Amazon has the best price that I could fine . BUY NOW !
 I have been using mine for the past month . It is extremely durable and mixes items extremely well . I have mixed items from frosting , cake mixes , cookie dough and more and not once have I been disappointed on how well it is mixed . In fact I believe it has made the items I was making even better than doing it by hand or with a hand mixer . I will be getting the additional attachments soon . No way would I give this up . It has quickly became the must have item in my kitchen , without it is not an option .
 Bought this a week ago . One thing I noticed after unpacking was - it is huge . We were please to see the solid looking -LRB- and really is -RRB- parts . No cheap plastics . It is really powerful . . Our first dough making went smooth .
 This mixer is absoulutely fabulous . So much easier and more powerful than my 1963 Sunbeam mixer which I still have . . Kitchen aid continues to up hold it excellence in products
 I bought this mixer to make sourdough bread , I typically make bread in a food processor , but sourdough yeast quickly dies in high heat so I bought this . It 's perfect , my bread comes out soft on the inside , crusty on the outside , I ca n't ask for more . Make sure to knead your bread on setting 4 , I tried setting 2 as the manual says but all it does is swirl the dough around not doing much . It 's great for cookies and cakes too , I 'm not much of a baker but I hope to be because now I have no excuse.I also got my rebate back in about a month . I got the magazine rebate of $ 14.95 as well .
 Bought this to replace my 34-year old heavy duty mixer , which may or may not be hiding in the garage . It 's been decades since I 've had much use for a such a mixer , but after struggling to mix high-protein , low-moisture energy bars by hand for a few weeks , I decided one was a necessity once again . This baby reduces 20 minutes of grinding by hand to a 60-second mix on low . A bit of initial difficulty adjusting the bowl/beater height , but once adjusted , it purrs along . The color -LRB- Caviar Gloss -RRB- looks lovely on my black granite counter tops , which is less important than that the color was $ 50 less than some of the other options . Great product .
 I waited until the price was just too good to pass up . A typical family diner is 10-15 so this is the perfect mixer for large jobs . The functionality and operation is commercial quality and top notch . the 3 attachment beaters make almost any mixing job a breeze . Hardly ever has bad reviews other than service of the vendor where the mixer was bought . Nothing related to mixer quality.This is a beast ! Buy it and enjoy it.Might be good to have another mixing bowl just so you can mix multiple items and not have to worry about cleaning bowl before next job.Haven ' t used many attachments but I buy individual appliances that do specific jobs . One size fits all , in the kitchen , usually does n't fit any size very good.Pros
 i bought the 6qt mixer for my wife to replace a 4.5 quart version because she bakes a lot and wanted a larger model . so far there are no problems . the design is solid and eliminates the head shake common on the tip up head models but the bowl does not drop far enough to remove the beaters without dropping them down into the bowl . also this mixer is much louder than the old one .
 I love my new KitchenAid K26M1XMR ! It is quiet for the power it provides . I 've made several cookie and bread recipes with ease . I have arthritis in my hands and KitchenAid allows me to mix heavy batters without difficulty . Bread kneading is also much easier and the end result is no difffernt than doing it by hand . Beating whipping cream is easy as 1-2-3 ! Clean up is much easier than expected.The beater blade and hook is very easy to clean.The bowl lift makes it secure with no worries of movement when mixing heavy batches of bread . The 6 Qt . bowl also makes clean-up a breeze.I have yet to try any of the recipes from the recipe book that comes with this unit . The book does address the mixing differences between this powerful machine verses other `` not so powerful '' mixers . Good information to know when you are using your personal recipes.I 'm looking forward to purchasing additional `` add-ons '' to make this unit the most versitle and easy-to-use appliance in my kitchen !
 My first Kitchenaid is 25 years old and still going strong . I bought the 600 because I wanted something bigger . It works and looks great is made in my home state of Ohio , USA , not China.I use it at least twice a week just for making bread .
 This mixer is great
 The only thing I do n't like , is that you have to take the mixer attachment off in order to remove the bowl . The top does not tilt back to avoid this . Not a big deal though . Been using it about a month now , and it does everything it is supposed to do . The recipe book that comes with it even has a few great recipes .
 I have used the kitchenaid mixer now for about a month . I just love . I purchased the icecream attachment and that was fun making home made ice cream . I would recommend this product , very powerful mixer .
 This mixer is so sexy . It makes me a wannabe baker , which I was not even close to be at all ... I was terrify of baking . The downside is you will have to find a place for all that extra pounds you put on for eating all the homemade goodies .
 Terrific machine , performs great . All that I expected and I 'm having a blast baking again ! Just wish I had bought one years ago . Great price from Amazon and great service . Love it !!
 Product was shipped fast and was exactly as described ! Would def do business with them again !!!
 I love the power , the bigger bowl size , LOVE the color . It works great for my growing family -LRB- two teenage boys who are constantly eating -RRB- now that I have to double or triple every recipe that I make .
 Received my KitchenAid Pro600 Stand Mixer in excellent shape , at a very nice Holiday Price . Very satisfied with shipping and service .
 This mixer is amazing ! It makes easy work of baking anything and mixing anything!You just have to pour everything in and it does all the work . We have made double batches of Tollhouse Cookies with out a hitch . It is just SMOOTH ! The Black Friday price was awesome too ! We love it and I do n't know why I waited so long to get it ! http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002Y5XA6/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 this product is fantastic . takes all the work out of mixing . my husband bought it for me for christmas and i love it . the bowl is huge so it holds a lot ! you can absolutly mix ANYTHING in it ! if you have room on your counter , i highly recommend !!
 I received my KitchenAid 600 Professional Mixer and of course being the Holidays , I was anxious to try making my Divinity candy . It turned out great and the machine did was everything I expected and more . I ca n't wait to make speciality breads and other recipes . I would highly recommend this product . Thank you Amazon for making my shopping experience super !
 MY WIFES FOLKES BOUGHT A KITCHEN AID 1945 AND USED IT IN THEIR RESTERANT FOR MANY YEARS , MY WIFE INHERITED IT IN 1991 WITH THE PASSING OF HER MOTHER , WE USED IT TILL 2008 , THEN GAVE IT TO OUR DAUGHTER AS A KEEPSAKE AND SHE IS STILL USING IT , BUT MY WIFE MISSED IT SO MUCH I HAD TO BUY HER ONE FOR CHRISTMAS 2009 AND SHE JUST LOVES IT . JIM WRIGHT
 Good workhorse of a mixer but did not realize how darn heavy the thing would be . Pulled my back out trying to lift it ! Too big and heavy to risk storing it on the shelf where my older -LRB- much lighter -RRB- mixer sat so have had to move it around a lot -LRB- again , my aching back -RRB- . Also , slide bar tends to rattle a bit when mixer in use .
 KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel PearlI have this mixer . It replaced my Hobart Mixer that I had for almost 25 years . In my humble opinion , it is easier to use plus the attachments are much easier to attach to the mixer.I make Fancy Desserts professionally and this is one of the few mixers that can handle the thick Frostings which I use on the Wedding Cakes.I have my Great Grandmothers recipe for bread and with the bread hook , it is so much easier to knead . And my arthritic hands do not ache afterwards.I wish I had checked Amazons price when I bought mine , but unfortunately , I did not . I noticed that Amazon 's new price beat my price by a good $ 150 and the used products even more.I buy most tools from Amazon as well as some grocery supplies and have always been delighted with the speed and customer service as well .
 I recently purchased the Prof. 6 qt stand mixer . It has a lot of power . I had previously owned a 4.5 qt that just was n't big enough to make my roll and bread recipe . I have made this year my year to learn how to make bread . It took a little adjustment getting used to the different size bowl . I am still working on that . I love the mixer . In some ways , I almost wished I had just gone with the 5 qt since I make smaller batches . I often have to scrap the bowl for my 2 cookie sheet roll recipe and 3-4 loaf bread recipe . However , I just started using the paddle beater first and that has helped . If I were doing a lot of big batches , I would definitely get this machine . If doing smaller items more often , I would go with the 5 qt I think . I love Kitchen Aid mixers . They make life easier . And the family loves the homemade bread . It really does a wonderful job mixing .
 I love my KitchenAid Professional Mixer . After 25 years , my previous mixer died . I needed the biggest capacity mixer I could find , as I make wedding cakes . The KitchenAid Professional is the biggest I could find , and I found the very best price on Amazon.com . It arrived quickly , in perfect condition , with no shipping fee . You ca n't beat that ! I 'm thrilled . It 's quieter than my old mixer , and has all the features I need , plus many add-ons if I wish to purchase them . A great buy !
 great mixer for the price , wife loves it , mixer is a little loud at full rpms , but it has metal gears , great mixer
 This 6 qt . mixer us the best I 've ever used , very powerful and mixes 4 loaves of bread with ease . cookies are a snap with this , will mix 3 or 4 batches at a time . So far , I 'm very pleased with it.D . R. W.
 A must have in a kitchen that likes to bake ! It 's great for making all different items plus works well for bread doughs . And , it looks really good sitting on your counter .
 What a great product . I just wanted to buy a mixer that I would n't have to upgrade or replace , ever . I do n't plan to make baked goods on a large scale , but want the option , if necessary . So far I 've made breads , pizza dough , and cookies . I 've also and whipped cream to stiff peaks and egg whites into a stiff meringue . Even though the bowl is large it can still be used to whip small quantities , in my case either three egg whites or a 3/4 cup heavy cream . All of these tasks are done with ease on this machine . Based on prior reviews I was expecting the noise level to sound like a small jet engine , but it was n't too loud.My only beef is that they could pay slightly more attention to the fit and finish - the metal band around the housing was slightly loose , which creates a slight gap between the band and the housing/channel for the band . This wo n't affect performance , but will eventually make the unit harder to keep clean.I like the new splash shield - one piece is superior to the two piece shield I had on a previous artisan mixer . And the burnished aluminum paddle and dough hook are easy to clean and feel quite substantial .
 We received our mixer , this is a replacement for our prior Kitchen Aid Aritsan Mixer that we gave to our daughter when she moved out of the house into her own apt . This mixer is awsome , it makes cookie dough with little effort , and it looks amazing sitting on the countertop -LRB- I love the Nickel Pearl finish -RRB- . Kitchen Aid mixers are so powerful and easy to use , I highly recommend it for anyone that loves to cook/bake .
 I finally had to replace my 35 year old Kitchenaid K45 . I went for the Pro 600 because of the larger bowl capacity . I 've made several batches of bread and done some cakes and it has performed just as well as I 'd hoped . The lift bowl takes some getting used to after a tilt-head mixer and I would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that the beaters are not dishwasher safe - that 's just not right . I would warn people to check the height before they buy , in our kitchen it would n't fit under most of the cabinets . Luckily we have one set of higher cabinets where it fit just fine but it 's several inches higher than the tilt-heads .
 I bought for a Christmas Gift for wife . She had no idea I was getting her dream mixer that she always wanted for years . After I bought it it came within a few days it was well packaged . Wife was very shocked to get it for Christmas . I too was later shocked with all she baked from it . Wow !!!! now we both love your mixer thanks ...
 I 've never had a stand mixer before and I enjoyed using it to make a batch of cookies yesterday . It did make the time to make the batch easier . However , the attachments are not dishwasher safe and there is a coating that gets left on the batter , even after washing the attaachments a few times . I guess that goes away with time . Also , unlike some of the other models , this one does not have the top lift off . You have to pull the attachments off into the batter after lowering the bowl . However , I did like the different speeds and do recommend this mixer .
 I 'm from Venezuela excellent product arrived on time for the expected conditions came very useful and practical discussed with all accessories 100 % recommend it
 very good deal and the product was exactly as it was describe , received it on time and perfect packaging .
 This mixer is absolutely awesome . It has no problem mixing multiple batches of bread and the whipping attachment makes for the best pies . I was impressed . Super fast shipping and a great purchase price made this a wise investment for my kitchen .
 Great Buy , Just like in the picture and in orignal package . Works great , and fast shipping . I would recommend this product to any .
 I bought this mixer in March of 2011 because I had to mix about three cakes at a time , it was very convenient and did the job perfectly , but on retirement I received the smaller one as a gift so now I have two , very good products .
 Not sure what praise I can give this that has n't already been given . I would recommend waiting to purchase one of these until Black Friday time due to the deal I got on mine.I use this stand mixer whenever I get the chance . It has a huge bowl , comes with 3 attachments -LRB- paddle , whisk , dough hook -RRB- , around 10-11 speeds -LRB- I have never gone above speed 4 -RRB- and the option of using additional attachments . I have read that some attachments should only be used with > = 575 W stand mixers , and this one fits the bill - however I have not used any of them.The only thing I would change about this is that the attachments that are included are brandished steel , which the instruction manual says ca n't go through the dishwasher . I would prefer attachments that are dishwasher safe , but this is not enough for me to dock any stars for the product rating .
 I surprised my wife with this for Christmas as she loves to bake and has been wanting a good mixer for years . I decided to get the biggest and baddest mixer around with all the bells and whistles simply so my wife would n't be disappointed . Thankfully I can say that 6 months later she loves it and uses it multiple times a week . Which , in turn , makes me happy knowing I 'm getting awesome meals and desserts often :-RRB- At any rate , I bought the stand mixer rather than the tilt-head simply because other reviews stated the cleanup was easier . I also read that it was easier to get the bowl out of stand mixers than tilt-head mixers . Personally , I ca n't vouch for that but I can say that we have n't had any issues with this mixer with regards to cleanup or removing the bowl . This mixer is very easy to use and maintain . I bought the 6 quart because I figured it would be better to have a bowl too large than too small for cooking . So far I 've been proven a genius with this purchase.I highly recommend this mixer to anyone looking .
 My husband purchased this for me around valentines day . I have used it almost on a weekly basis . Recently , I made 270 eggs for a fundraiser and this made the task super easy . I was able to whisk 30 eggs at time . I also bake regularly for fundraisers and this allows me to make large batches of cookies at one time . I have also made homemade butter , divinity , whipped cream , several types of icing , tons of cupcakes and dough for cinnamon rolls with ease thanks to this amazing machine . I thought I would never get rid of my Kitchen Aid classic , but this makes my life easy . The particular item I got did not come with a pouring shield . I just purchased one from my local department store .
 I used this product to mix 5 pounds of ground pork for Italian sausage and it did n't even work hard , very powerful machine . I also got the pasta maker , also very well made . Just got the free ice cream maker , will use it this weekend . Impressive quality very well made .
 Gift for my wife . Works great . Smooth , quiet . has a quality feel . She loves it . Does n't get any better for home use . Be warned ... this puppy is hefty . Moving it around may be a problem for some .
 Ca n't believe I waited nearly 27 years of married life to invest in this . I totally love it - it works wonderful and is so easy to use and clean . If you like cooking and baking then do n't be like me and keep buying hand mixers - pamper yourself now .
 Outstanding piece of equipment . Works just like you should expect it to work . Very well built . 5 Star
 I love this product ! I can make bread without kneeding it by hand and i can make big batches of anything . I have not had any problems or cons about this product and i 've used it almost everyday . This KitchenAid would be great for someone who does alot of cooking or baking and especially for someone who has a big family . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I bake a lot . I have always wanted a stand mixer . In the last 5 years , I have blown up 4 mixers . Poof ... smoke ! I talked hubby into letting me get a nice , sturdy mixer and when it came it was like my birthday . I was grinning as I pulled it out of the box and wiped it down . I then commenced to making a quadruple batch of oatmeal cookies . It was awesome ! It is a nice looking and very effective appliance for all of your baking needs . It cleans easily too !
 Absolutely one of the best stand mixers I have ever used . Does not bog down and will handle large jobs without alot of effort .
 I love this piece of kitchen equipment!It is powerful and efficient . I can whip up potatoes for 12 or a triple batch of cookies with much less energy and time than it used to take ! My clean-up is quick and simple , too . People told me I 'd wonder what I did without it and I could n't figure out what the big deal was - - - until I got one ! : -RRB-
 This mixer replaced my 25 year old , 5 qt , Kitchen Aid mixer , which had MANY miles on it and really did n't need replacing . I just wanted the larger bowl.I absolutely LOVE it .
 I got this for my mom for Christmas ... she loves it ... previously she has worn out many other mixers since she bake all the time . This one works great !
 I bought this mixer to make cakes and other non-bread items and find it does a splendid job . I wish the splatter guard was a total all around , but I like the wide chute to add ingredients and have no other complaints . I have read that to do bread dough you should n't run the motor past level two or three and had read some negative reviews with regard to bread making that I ignored . I find the product an excellent buy at Amazon.com -LRB- $ 100 less than Macy 's on sale in my area -RRB- and I was able to get the color I wished to match my shiny black kitchen appliances . Great machine and great buy from Amazon .
 This is our third Kitchenaid mixer purchase thus far and has the best design yet . The bowl shape seems wider at the top than before , and the splatter guard is well designed for the purpose . We 've already made several loaves of bread and pastry dough without any problems , and honestly the Amazon price -LRB- with rebate and coupon -RRB- was impossible to beat ! If you are considering a mixer upgrade , this is worth it !
 I 'm a regular guy , meaning I might be considered dangerous in a kitchen . My domain lies solely with the BBQ . Thought I should start this review with this honest disclaimer.All I can say regarding the KitchenAid 600 is a happy wife brings a happy life ! She loves the extra power provided in the 600 Series . She makes some wonderful stuff that calls for some pretty heavy dough . I 've noted that the mixer is remarkably quiet given its size and power.I strongly recommend you also purchase the Side Swipe mixing paddle . The steel mixing paddle that comes with the mixer is needed for very heavy mixes but it does not work nearly as well as the Side Swipe paddle on lighter mixes . The main advantage of the Side Swipe paddle is that it skims the side of the mixing bowl , you never have to stop the mixer to push any accumulations normally stuck on the bowl walls during the mixing process as you do need to do using the standard steel paddle that comes with the machine . The kitchen foreman told me she really appreciates this addition to the whole package.One last tip ... keep the box the mixer comes in . The mixer is so large it 's not something that most people would keep on the counter and the size does not lend itself to placement in most kitchen cabinets I 'm familiar with . You 'll appreciate having the original , sturdy box it comes in for storage when it 's not in actual use.Sorry I ca n't offer more information than what I 've provided here ... my kitchen VISA is fairly limited by she who must be obeyed . All I know with certainty is that &#34; she &#34; absolutely loves her new mixer .
 My wife loves it , , very heavy duty , , super to look at and it does -LRB- has done -RRB- all she has needed , , very good price and would buy again
 I gave my housekeeper my old classic one . I do way too much baking to not have the pro series . And the colour is perfect . LOL , matches my front door , my bicycle and a lot of other things around my house . Yes , I love lime green -LRB- I know , it 's &#34; apple &#34; ... Granny Smith apple ... to me it 's lime -RRB- .
 I debated if I wanted the 6-quart or the 5-quart mixer because there was some difference in price . I 'm glad I went with the 6-quart because it can handle anything . Excellent machine and I use it on a regualr basis .
 works like a charm , should say that it 's really a large quantity and maybe a bit too big for domestic use . We use it in the shop with great results . would recommend it to chefs who make a lot pastry based dishes/sweets .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it . She likes to do a lot of cake decorating and other mixers just do n't hold up when making some of the frostings . This mixer is great and will last a long time .
 If you are looking to get a Great gift for that special cook in your life . This is the best of the best . Plenty of attachment you can add to it down the road . One gift that keep on giving .
 I. Love . This . Mixer . I use it for everything . I think a lot of the problems people have had comes from using the wrong speed . You can easily burn out a motor if you mix heavy things too high . I 've made dough , cookies and cakes and never had a problem . I 've also never experienced any oil dripping but in any motor there needs to be a lubricant so I imagine it could be possible , but I just wipe it down after every use . This was the best Mother 's Day present I ever bought myself : -RRB-
 I have decorated cakes for years , and always used my faithful KitchenAid 5-qt . I reluctantly gave it to my daughter so she 'd have a good mixer , and upgraded to this one because of the larger capacity . KitchenAid is the BEST -- never a disappointment .
 It is very convenient to use this mixer in baking . One can mix flour without getting your hands dirty . Also , it is easy to clean .
 i have always loved kitchenaid products . i bought this as a gift to my mother in-law and she ca n't get enough of it . she used it as soon as she unpacked it and has n't stopped since .
 The power of this thing is awesome . I can make 2 loaves of bread at a time and it just rocks along and kneads it like its suppose to . Great
 I was a little concerned when it arrived as the box was slightly torn , and the stirophome was all over the place , but . . This kitchenaid was perfect ! I bought it for my mother for her birthday , and myself being only a teenager was wary on the price . However ! This kitchenaid is definitely professional . It has held up to anything we have put in it , and matches our kitchen perfectly . The crimson red looks beautiful up close ! Amazon also shipped it a lot faster than was expected , which was fantastic ! Overall GREAT present , fantastic quality and fast shipping ! Mom was impressed !
 Our family uses this 2 or 3 times per week . Works well . Only complaint is it is a little loud , I would expect that out of a heavy duty machine . Also check the cuisinart as it was just top rated by consumer reports .
 This is a total work horse . Well constructed . There is no strain in the motor when making double cookie batches .
 My husband bought this for me for Christmas . I 've always wanted one and it has completely beat my expectations . I 'm thrilled with this mixer .
 My new mixer came within 2 days of ordering it . I am very pleased with my purchase . I am glad I read LOTS of reviews online and went with the lift mixer instead of the tilt-head . I LOVE using the lift , makes it easy for my children to use the mixer too .
 We Love the 6 qt . Kitchen Aid mixer . . It is worth buying , The mixer has a very powerful motor which is great making rolls , and the bowl is large enough too handle recipies that you wolud like too double . I Wish I had bought the 6 qt kitchen Aid Mixer a long time ago . I have the 5 qt . mixer also , and it is no comparrision to the 6 qt Kitchen Aid Mixer . My husband , searched all web sights for the best deal for the Mixer , and Amazon beat them all . yes , we will by from them again . . Thanks , Jessie and Martha Damron
 I 've been wanting a Kithen Aid mixer forever . It is a beautifully made product that I highly recommend . I bought the pro line for the larger quart capacity and burnished attachments -LRB- which I have mixed feelings about because they 're not diswasher friendly -RRB- , but it 's ok . Makes me feel like a pro in the kitchen .
 I 've been waiting 12 years for a Kitchenaid mixer , and I 'm so glad I got this one ! The Professional 600 is everything I hoped it would be . I 've had it less than one month , and I 've used it about 25 times already . I 've been able to make everything from mashed potatoes to brownies , and with the attachment I purchased , I 've also been able to grind wheat ! This machine is amazing , and I wonder what I ever did without it ! I love how this black one matches all my other appliances . It 's very attractive , and after getting by for 12 years with a little electric hand-mixer ... well , I 'm a very happy customer .
 This mixer is wonderful . It mixes much better than my old mixer . I 've made breads , frostings , muffins , cakes , and even mashed potatoes . I was really impressed how it handled all the potatoes . I wish I had bought this a long time ago . My only complaint is that the 6 quart bowl is a little big for many things I make .
 This mixer works fine . It is a couple of inches taller than the older artisan model we had -LRB- so it does n't fit under the cabinets like the old one did -RRB- . The noise level is considerably higher than the artisan model -LRB- this is a very loud appliance -RRB- ! Lastly , I do not understand the design of the bowl raising & lowering rather than the top tilting . I liked the tilting head design more ; the bowl was much simpler to attach then this design . Other than these complaints the mixer does work very well !
 This is a great mixer ! Very sturdy , and quick . Only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was that I had to adjust the beater height when it came out of the box ... there were very good instructions on how to do this ... I keep my mixer handy for all sorts of stuff and really like the job it does !
 Had the this large mixer previously as a refurbished model which lasted for years . But when it did die and I needed to replace it , this was the best price I could find , which is fantastic for this size model . Kitchen Aid makes the best mixers ... would not get any other kind .
 The Kitchen Aid Pro600 is wonderful . It is quiet running even with its 575 watt motor . I have the Professional model which is 525 which is also fantastic . Between the two , I manage to mix everything I need for making my 70 + different kinds of cookies for the holiday season . I would strongly recommend this to everyone .
 I agonized over whether to buy this KitchenAid Professional 600 series stand mixer , or the Cuisinart 5.5 quart stand mixer . I had discarded the KitchenAid Artisan series from my purchasing decision.I originally did buy the Cuisinart 5.5 quart 800 watt stand mixer a few months ago , swayed by its 3 year warranty and the fact that there were fewer negative reviews of it.A plus for the Cuisinart is the tilting head , ramp-up speed , timer . It was an OK stand mixer . A few things I did n't LOVE about the Cuisinart was that it was n't hefty , did n't feel substantial , and did n't have the plethora of after-market accessories available like the KitchenAid line does.When I saw this KitchenAid Professional 600 series unit come up on an outrageous discount on Amazon , I decided to go for it . The accessory I was looking forward to having most of all was the paddle mixer with the silicone edges that scrape the side of the bowl for you as it mixes . I know , it does n't sound like much , but having to stop the Cuisinart , tilt the head , scrape the bowl , and resume mixing really proved to be awkward.The other awkward thing about the Cuisinart is that the bowl is deep but not very wide . The KitchenAid 6 quart bowl is wider and easier to work with . It did n't come with a splatter guard , which was a separate purchase -LRB- disappointing -RRB- but so far I really like the KitchenAid better . It 's heavy , feels well built , and I love the scrape-the-bowl mixing paddle!I 'm not a marathon bread baker , and I do n't know if the gears or motor will burn out if I make a ton of whole wheat bread , but maybe this unit is overkill for my needs , but it 'll certainly meet them !
 I registered for this baby for my wedding . It 's quite simply THE best thing in my kitchen . It 's sturdy , quiet , easy to clean , and very easy to handle . I ca n't recommend this enough .
 I love , love , love this mixer . We have used it so much and it is the best . I would recommend this to any serious baker
 This is the best mixer we have ever used . It is easy to use , mixes the thickest doughs with ease , and makes cooking a pleasure . We highly recommend it .
 This is the first appliance I have purchased on line , it was bought thru Amazon . I had a problem getting my address to be accepted so I called customer service and received exceptional service , the same when I called Kitchenaid help line . That said I will say this is the first Kitchenaid stand mixer the wife and I have owned . WE bought the 6 quart 575 watt mixer , not that we needed one this large , but for the price we would have paid more for the 5 quart models . It only came in silver so color choice was easy and for the price we are becoming found of silver . I also bought a set of attachments the meat grinder , slicer , and the fruit/veg . strainer . # 1 we are very satisfied with all these products . they seem so far to do all we will need them to do , only had these items for a couple of weeks but so far have made bread dough , butter , cookie dough , and used the slicer . will use meat grinder tomorrow i will try and let you know how that works out . If you use bread recipes not in the mixer book you can over knead you ' r dough so watch it.the only other gripe I can come up with is if you are going to make butter a lot you will want to get a pour spout as it does ` nt come with this model , and it will splash out of the bowl , we put towels around it , just watch they do ` nt get caught in the moving parts.KitchenAid KP26M1PSL Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Silver
 This is as straightforward , honest and practical a product as one could hope for . I needed a mixer that would be sturdy and withstand daily bread-making , and regular use for other baked goods . It seems to be strong enough -LRB- time will tell -RRB- , has the power it needs and certainly looks that part , standing on the kitchen counter . I 'm especially pleased with the helical dough hook because it can knead bread unattended -LRB- meaning
 This is a fantastic piece of kitchen equipment ! I 've been using it about once a week for the past 3 months and could n't be happier.The only downside I have noticed so far , and other reviewers have pointed out , is that it tends to leave some amount of unmixed ingredients at the bottom . That 's the only reason I do n't give it 5 stars . I 've tried to adjust the height but no success so far .
 I absolutely love this mixer ! Looks great - even better than the picture . Bowl is huge , which I like because I plan to use it for large batches . Power is amazing - a seriously professional mixer at a great price ! -LRB- My son uses one like it in his restaurant kitchen ! -RRB- Best deal I found anywhere . Smaller batches may seem a little lost in it , but they still get mixed well . It is much larger and heavier than I expected , however , so be sure you have plenty of room on your counter . But it is pretty enough to leave out all the time !
 I 've made multiple batches of cookies , quick breads , yeast breads , cracker dough , you name it . This machine soldiers through without breaking a sweat.I got it in the copper pearl because it was on sale for A LOT less than the colours I actually would have chosen first . Now however , I LOVE the colour . It 's unique and different.I would recommend this machine to anyone based upon the performance I 've received from mine so far .
 I have been using this mixer for over a year now . Its a great investment and well worth the price.Pros
 I 've had my KitchenAid Pro series for about 4 years or so now , and use it at least once a week . In culinary school I developed a bad habit of walking off to do some other project and forgetting about the machine , or putting too much in at once . The pro series motor handles it all . It 's really a kitchen workhorse , whether your kitchen is a home or a professional one .
 AND NOT JUST WITH MY HUSBAND . I HAVE BURNED OUT 2 GOOD QUALITY MIXERS IN THE LAST 3 YEARS . SO I DECIDED IT WAS TIME TO SPEND THE EXTRA $ $ $ $ . AND IT WAS WELL WORTH IT . I DO N'T THINK I WILL BURN THIS ONE UP EVER . 1ST DAY WE MADE A QUICK BATCH OF PEANUTBUTTER COOKIES , MY HUSBAND CRANKED THIS BABY UP TO 10 JUST TO SEE WHAT WOULD HAPPEN AND WOW !!!!! IT WAS LIKE A JET ENGINE HAD STARTED UP IN MY KITCHEN . I WAS STANDING 5 FEET AWAY AND COULD FEEL THE BREEZE IT WAS CREATING . IT ALSO MAKES THE FLUFFIEST MASHED POTATOES . VERY HAPPY WITH ALL RESULTS .
 We just received the Pro 600 and it is a real beauty . The techinal data shown has some errors :1 . It is not a tilt-up . It is a bowl lift model .2 . The height is not 11 2/7 '' . It is 16 1/2 '' . Big machine !
 I 've been looking at buying and have researched the various stand mixers on the market for quite some time . After this past Christmas I decided to finally splurge and buy myself the model that I thought would best fit my needs . I made sure to buy a newer model to avoid the plastic gearbox issues and so far have had absolutely no problems . I 've already put it through its paces in making bread doughs -LRB- 3 different types , up to 8 cups of flour in one recipe -RRB- and so far the mixer is handling it all like a champ -LRB- just make sure to keep it to within the manual 's specifications -RRB- . All the other baking/mixing I 've used this for has been made incredibly easier , and I find myself going out of my way to find recipes that give me an excuse to use my KitchenAid .
 So , I think everyone who has gotten far enough to find the 6 quart professional grade lift-bowl type stand mixer from KitchenAid probably knows what to expect.Is it worth the money ? If you plan on kneading bred dough with your stand mixer , yes . Buy this one . If you do not plan on doing much more than using it for cheesecakes and thick frostings , you can get the lower models and still do wonderful work . Also , this is the one with this particular capacity . If you need a 6 Quart and no less than 6 quarts , then this is also your only option.We bought this one , anticipating a need for a large amount of dough to be produced at times -LRB- we bake our own bread , we freeze dough for quick baking during the week so we can store less on the counter -RRB- . This mixer does a better job with the ingredient mixing and kneading process than our bread machine and is so versatile , we use it for lots of other things.Something to be aware of with this product
 Mixer is everything and more that it is preported to be . Great upgrade over my last mixer .
 I was very excited about my purchase , when I used it I was happy at how easy it was . Very Happpy with this product
 Since I have bought the mixer , I have used it several times and I like it very much.It is a heavy duty mixer , strong enough to handle bread doughs , but also has a soft start , so flour does not fly around and cover everything.I like KitchenAid brand , it is always dependable.The mixer has an attachment port that is easy to use . My next buy will be some of those attachments .
 This mixer is a great addition to our kitchen . It mixes even large batches of bread and cookies with ease . Takes the work out of baking and makes it even more enjoyable.KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl
 i am very pleased with my purchase , although one of the attachments had burrs in side the mount . a little cleaning up solved the problem.the rest of the unit was exceptional.wonderful and powerful tool
 Mixer works well , but is very noisy . Not sure if that is a common trait or if it is just and exception . Still , I would reccomend it .
 I love this thing . Cuts time when baking or making big meals . The bowl is big enough to double and triple receipes . There are so many attachments that make you life easier , and you only have to have one machine on hand . The color will go will any kitchen decor . One of my better buys .
 This was a Christmas gift for our family & we make bread and other pastries -LRB- kolaches , etc. -RRB- quite often . The kneading capability on this beheamoth is amazing . . we have had nothing but good results with the KA 600 . Time will tell if the machine stands up to repeated use and abuse . So far there are nothing but good experiences !
 I 've had my mixer for nearly a year . Today I tried to mix 9 cups of all-purpose flour -LRB- at setting 2 , of course -RRB- for steamed buns . Oops ! The mixer overheated and shut off , but at least it did not die . I came back to Amazon in search of a receipt in case I needed to make good on the one year warranty . I see that I 'm not the only one who has overestimated the power of this machine . I 'm glad I discovered its limitations prior to the warranty running out . I 'll be alot more careful now.I am glad that I purchased this mixer rather than the cheaper 5 quart mixer , which has far less power - 325 watts v. 575 watts.I think it ought to be clearer in the instruction manual that it is not possible to mix large amount of bread dough with this mixer . Novices like myself do n't know better . I will take the other reviewer 's advice and go to read the forums on the Kitchenaid website .
 First , let me say Amazon is super-swift in processing orders . I ordered on Sunday -LRB- 19th -RRB- & received in excellent condition -LRB- UPS , of course -RRB- late morning on Thursday -LRB- 22nd -RRB- . Not expecting to receive until Saturday at the earliest . It did n't prove to be a problem on this shipment but there was a sticker on the outside of the box stating that the packing slip was inside the box . There was no packing slip anywhere.I would like to address the negative reviews on this mixer :1 . Beaters clanging side and/or bottom of bowl
 I am a long time user of Kitchen Aid stand mixers . My original mixer was received as a wedding present 18 years ago and it is still going strong . The original just found a new home with one of the `` kids '' at the office , when this beauty arrived.The metallic pewter color works wonderfully with the other stainless in the kitchen.This machine performs magnificently . I regularly make whole-wheat pizza dough -LRB- with added bran , germ and vital wheat gluten -RRB- enough for 3 pizzas in this machine at one time . The machine does n't whine or skip a beat during the long kneading process . I have also prepared enough dough for 3 whole-wheat baguettes at one time without a problem.Additionally , the customer service at Kitchen Aid is very helpful . When my machine originally arrived they had sent the wrong color . When they were contacted they told us to repackage the machine and send it back their expense -LRB- they e-mailed a shipping label and scheduled pick up -RRB- and we received our replacement less than a week later . Fast , friendly and courteous customer service was able to make a mistake a non-event . If you are looking for a workhorse machine this is the one for you . I am only sorry that it took me so long to retire my original machine . This machine is used three or four times a week in my home . I can not imagine living a whole grain lifestyle without this little beauty . If you are a serious home cook , you will get a lot of use out of this machine.UPDATE
 I , ve been baking several loaves of bread every week for over a year . I have been using a smaller capacity mixer and ended up with flour all over the counter . I got tired of the mess , and purchased this large capacity mixer.What a differance ! This mixer really holds alot of flour , and with the cover and funel for adding ingredients , you can make several loaves of bread with very little mess . Also , it has plenty of power to knead the dough.I , m very happy with this mixer and highly recommend it .
 I wanted a machine that would knead heavy dough for Sourdough bread and this machine will mix a large batch for 15 minutes on speed # 2 without any sign of strain . The design of the dough hook is perfect and I do n't have to scrape the sides at all .
 After much research I finally took the plunge and bought the Professional 600 . This is my first stand mixer , so I ca n't compare it to any other model , but after conducting an unscientific research I came to the conclusion that this is what I need.The main reason for purchasing this mixer was baking bread . I am an avid bread baker , and have found that many bread book authors -LRB- Rose Levy Beranbaum , B. Clayton , P. Reinhart , etc. -RRB- mention that certain recipes are virtually impossible to create without a stand mixer . So , after an unsucsessful attempt to make ciabatta by hand , I ordered a Professional 600 in Cinnamon.So far -LRB- I have owned it for 1 month -RRB- I have made 15 or so batches of bread -LRB- from the infamous ciabatta , to brioche , to whole wheat cinnamon raisin -RRB- . The machine handles the dough beautifully ! Gone is my deeply ingrained belief that one must knead by hand to achieve the proper texture of the dough ; the final product window-panes just like an illustration in a book ! As far as capacity , I have made double batches without a problem . So far it has not overheated once -LRB- a problem mentioned by many other users -RRB- . Aside from bread , I have made mashed potatoes -LRB- for a loaf of Potato rosemary bread -RRB- , which turned out fluffy and well-mixed . I also used it for whipping egg whites . This is where , in my opinion , this machine is an overkill
 I grew up learning how to bake with my mother 's KitchenAid tilt-head 5 qt mixer from around 1982 . When I got married , my parents gave me this 6 qt model and I absolutely adore it . I tend to make heavy breads at least 2 or three times a week in this mixer without any signs of problems . The only complaint I have is that the attachments are not dishwasher safe . Take it from me , it was not a pretty sight when I realized my husband had put the dough hook through the dishwasher ! -LRB- Although I guess I should be thankful he loads the dishwasher at all . hehe -RRB- Overall , I feel the quality of the machine is not as high as my mother 's old machine . The knobs feel a little more flimsy , and some of the attachments -LRB- like the flour shield -RRB- are definately not as sturdy-feeling . And if we 're going to shell out hundreds of dollars for this thing , I really think KitchenAid could go the extra mile and make the attchments dishwasher safe . On the other hand , I definately feel that the KitchenAid is the highest quality home-use mixer on the market today . I 've taken other brands for a `` test drive '' at various stores and friends ' homes , and you could definately feel the difference between the KA and others.Plus , it 's rather comforting to see that familiar white hunk of metal sitting on the countertop . It almost makes me feel like a kid again , waiting at the kitchen table for my mom to finish the brownies so I could lick the bowl . : -RRB-
 I bought this mixer as a present for my mom , and it is just amazing . She makes cheesecakes for Christmas and this made it so much easier and quicker . It probably saved her an hour . It is a sturdy well made product and to be so big , it really is n't too noisy .
 I 've been researching stand mixers for quite awhile and was thrilled to get my KitchenAid stand mixer . I like the 6 qt . bowl size and the snap/lock feature that holds the bowl in place while mixing . My only complaint is that it seems a little difficult to snap the bowl in place -LRB- maybe it 's just me and I 'm not doing it properly -RRB- , but that is my only complaint . I used it to make Christmas cookies and it made the job SO much easier . This is a great mixer and the price was better than any of my local stores .
 A great product ! Works like a dream and so much you can do with this thing!Really enjoy using it .
 My husband was the one who wanted this more than me , but I now use it more than him . I love this mixer and would recommend to anyone !
 I ordered this on Black Friday , and have tried it numerous times with great results ... used it to make the holidays deserts ... easy to use , easy to clean ... i just got my $ 50.00 rebate from KichenAid in the mail yesterday , I am impressed on how quickly I received it . . highly recommend the product . .
 This is an excellent product for the price , it was a great black friday deal and everything I wanted it to be ,
 I was so happy with my new mixer , I have only used it one time but it is so much better that my old one . I love the handle on the bowl , it made it easy to pour the batter into the pans . I always had trouble holding the bowl next to my chest so I could scrape the bowl . It powered thru the thick batter with ease . Yea Kitchen Aid .
 Love it ! i would recommend getting the pouring shield with it though , since it 's only issue -LRB- like other mixers -RRB- the flour puffs easily when pouring ...
 Thank you KitchenAid and Amazon for making my kitchen life changed for the better ! I loved the product so much . The Cinnamon Gloss color was outstandingly beautiful . The item was brand new and worth paying . It worked well , was easy to use and I loved it now so much ! Thank you Amazon for giving a great deal back then . Best of luck to you !
 I 'm very happy with the mixer ! It was a great price on amazon . I saw it selling for double everywhere else ! i had two holiday cookie parties and the mixer made it so much easier ! My old sunbeam would jump around while mixing and eventually jumped off the counter top one time , this mixer does n't have that problem . Very nice looking also ! I 'm excited to get the pasta attachment !
 I just purchased this mixer during the Second Round Lightning Deal Amazon offered yesterday -LRB- Monday , Dec 12 -RRB- . My mixer arrives today , that 's free shipping next day delivered , wow I was impressed . However , when I open up the box and check for that infamous serial number above `` 14 '' , I see that mine is a W13 number , which is even lower than the W14 people were getting on teh original Gold Deal Amazon ran previously . Shoul I be very concerned about the metal/plastic issue because of this model number ? I am not capable of just opening the thing up to visually confirm whether there is an issue . Can someone offer advice ? And is anyone else who bought the deal yesterday -LRB- Dec 12 -RRB- facing the same dilemma ? Thanks so much in advance.UPDATE
 I waited a long time to purchase this machine ... when it went on sale on cyber monday i knew it was time ... truth is , i should have gotten it years ago ... i read many reviews and i ca n't believe what some of them say ... this mixer could make cement if you tried ... some of the complaints i read ... smells when you use it ... nope ... too loud ... nope ... too heavy ... my answer is do n't move it ... mine has sat on my counter since i got it and it has not moved ... called kitchen aid when i received it to inquire about all the fuss with some gear issues being plastic and all ... the customer service guy was great , even registered my product while we were on the phone and was a real good guy ... people need to lighten up and enjoy things and try not to be so critical ... it 's only a mixer , but a damn nice one at that !
 In 2005 , I bought one of the first ones of these , and made a lot of bread dough with it . I noticed after about a year that it was noisier and seemed to be working a lot harder to get things done . Around the same time I also stopped using it for a few other reasons , and it has sat in the cabinet since.Fast forward to the present
 My Cyber Monday deal of the day ! My beautiful new stand mixer arrived this morning and I 'm already breaking it in . Chocolate chip cookies are in the oven , next I 'll make white bread , and finally meatloaf for dinner . I was really torn about the color choices of red or silver ; I finally chose the red -LRB- cinnamon glass -RRB- and I 'm am so happy I did . Its a nice deep cranberry red , very sharp looking.This works great out of the box , cleanup was very simple . The only con I have is the lift up bowl , versus the tilt head . I would prefer a tilt head , but I love this large 6 quart bowl , so its well worth it.I am really hoping as everyone else that the rebate will be honored . I will follow up with the results of my mail in rebates .
 I purchased this mixer after an inexpensive mixer I received as a gift died while trying to knead bread dough . I expected this new mixer to knead my dough like an Olympic weightlifter would lift a bag of dogfood . It has n't worked that way . My two-loave recipes make this mixer work hard . At the beginning , I was frustrated that the mixer overheated and temporarily shut down while kneading . However , as my breadmaking and familiarity with the mixer improved , the shutdowns ceased , and the mixer has helped me make some wonderful breads and other goodies . Other heavy-duty appliances -LRB- such as my Greenstar 300 juicer -RRB- took a bit of time to get used to , and I think my initial difficulties with this mixer were just part of the adjustment process.This mixer makes baking much , much easier , faster , and more fun . It is fairly easy to use , and it looks fine . It is easy to clean , and it continued to look like new after many uses.A number of other reviews state complaints about this mixers performance , largely of the nature
 OK , so I know a stand mixer is kind of a big deal for most people and everyone tries to be thorough on their research -LRB- I know I was -RRB- because they want it to be a `` once every 5-10 years '' type purchase if not once in a lifetime , so I 'll try to give you my honest and best feedback about this particular model -LRB- my price range was about $ 250-300 , $ 350 tops -RRB- . I would say after about 6 mos . of regular use -LRB- every 2-4 days -RRB- , I can reliably say it does what I wanted it to do . I wanted a roomier bowl -LRB- roomier than the standard 4-5qt . bowls in the Artisan line , anyway -RRB- and a reliable machine with all-steel parts that would n't smoke or conk out on me in case I wanted to mix a double batch of heavy shortbread dough or sweet roll bread dough -LRB- I read reviews on other machines with plastic parts in the gears and this happened -RRB- and that was pretty much it . I did n't even care about the color , I just picked the Meringue color as it was the cheapest in the line . The bowl-lift mechanism took a little getting used to since I 'm used to my mom 's , which is a tilt-head model , but after the first week it was n't a big issue anymore . You want to make sure you fine-tune the distance of the beaters from the bottom of the bowl as it does n't `` come perfect '' . I do notice if I do n't dry the bowl and beaters after washing -LRB- more of the bowl edges , really -RRB- it has a tendency to rust in spots , but since I took to drying the beaters and bowl after each washing I never had the problem again . It 's really tall so plan to leave it under a rather high overhead cabinet or on an open counter as moving this baby to and from some hiding place it going to mess with your back - it 's really really heavy . If some other manufacturer can make a model that it just as reliable but had a `` wider '' as opposed to `` deeper '' bowl that would be mixer nirvana for me , as adding flour is a bit of a neatness challenge , but for the money I spent , this meets all my expectations and needs excellently .
 I bought the mixer for my wife for Christmas . She has made cakes , bread and cookies with it already . It has no problem with anything we throw at it . It mixes effortlessly . I expect we will get many good years out of the mixer .
 I recently purchased the 6 qt . mixer . We love it ! I was able to mix larger batches of cookies and candies which ended up saving me time . I also have always hand mixed all cookie dough until this year . WOW !! It was like hands Free I was n't exhausted at the end of the day .
 This mixer was $ 200 + cheaper than I could have gotten anywhere else . I own a bakery and a mixer gets alot of use and abuse and it 's been a good , durable piece of equipment . Excellent customer service and really speedy delivery !
 I have purchased this as a gift for my wife since she wanted a kitchen mixer . She uses it multiple times a week and I have heard only praises about it . One thing to remember is that the bowl and accessories should n't be put into dishwasher .
 This is an awesome mixer . We purchased it as an upgrade from the Artisan model and it was worth the purchase price and then some .
 I have own the Professional 600 6 quart stand mixer for 3 months now and i have used it quite frequently without any problems . It is a great mixer . I would highly recommend it and would certainly purchase again
 Great product use atleast a few times a week , there is no reliability issues with it if you follow instructions and use it the way it was meant to be used , no trying to kneed dough at the highest setting etc. .
 In 20 years I have worn out two Kitchen Aid Classics ... even the enamel on the beaters ! Amazon 's price made the jump to the Professional a no-brainer . I am very pleased with it 's abilities , accessories and appearance . The only reason I scored four out of five was due to the sound of the mixer . It is really different in an unpleasant way .
 I recieved my mixer in a timely manner with the packaging in good condition . The mixer works great , is a little noisy , but that was to be expected . all of the pieces stated in the sale were included and in brand new condition . The color is the same in person as it showed on my computer screen . Overall great product !
 NO question at all about KitchenAid ' , after all it 's what every woman wants ... but we all know that . What we all do n't know is that Amazon.com deserves a five-star rating as well . I ordered this product , and unknowingly received one as a gift . I panicked ... at the very least I expected to be told I would have to pay return s/h . Amazon said ` not a problem , when it arrives , just refuse shipment , and will be at no cost to you . ' WOW Customer Service UNHEARD OF . You can bet this will be one site bookmarked .
 It is complete and with no signs , delivere on time.it has all the quallity and power I expectedgood choice
 We purchased this as a gift for our daughter-in-law . There are 5 members in their family and she LOVES it . She said it is the best she had ever had and loved the size . She was able to make bigger batches of items .
 We had a low-end KitchenAid mixer for 12 years . It was used nearly everyday , often more than once in a day . When time came to replace it , I simply asked my wife , &#34; What color do you want ? &#34; She answered , &#34; Fire-engine Red !! &#34; I ordered it to arrive before Christmas baking time , 2012 . My wife continues to exclaim daily , &#34; I love my machine !! &#34; There is nothing she can not mix , and the mixing is superb - total down to the bottom and across the sides ... thorough . There is nothing more -LRB- as yet -RRB- that she can ask for .
 She has been using it with any recipe she can . She bought a mixer cookbook to get the max use out of it . Needless to say I doubt she 'll ever give it up .
 estoy muy contenta con mi nueva adquisici&oacute;n , mi madre y yo somos fan&aacute;ticas de los postres en casa y esta es la mejor herramienta de ayuda en la cocina que hemos adquirido
 This mixer has a large capacity and can handle all baking needs ! It is the perfect mixer for large quantity cooking as well as smaller projects that you have .
 My daughter loves her mixer !! She received this mixer as a wedding present from her dad and me . It turned out to be a great gift . It mixes her pound cakes perfectly .
 I love this mixer . It is my first , so I do n't have anything to compare it to.I use it to mix cake batter and pie filling and it does a wonderful job at both tasks.PROS : I 've had this mixer since 2007 and it is still working.It does the job.The bowls are easy to clean in the dishwasher and fit in my top and bottom racks.Do yourself a favor and buy the coated beater -LRB- at an extra charge -RRB- so that you can throw it in the dishwasher.Accessories and replacement parts are easy to find.I really like lifting and lowering the bowl . The unit itself is close to 18 '' high so I prefer to lift the bowl rather than the mixer head in deference to my upper cabinets.KitchenAid listened to their customer complaints regarding the plastic gear-box and upgraded them to metal.CONS : It is loud , very loud.It is heavy , but I expect that in a good piece of sturdy equipment.I do n't like the aluminum beaters , they need to be handwashed.I purchased the optional plastic cover for the bowl in 2007 and now it smells HORRIBLE.I washed the plastic bowl cover in the top rack , as instructed by KA and now I can not get it to fit onto my bowl.YEA AMAZON!Watch out for the Amazon Sales that occur throughout the year . When I purchased my mixer the price was slashed from about $ 359 to $ 279.99 . On top of that , KA was offering a $ 60 rebate.I ended up paying only $ 219.99 plus free shipping for this item , less than the price to buy a refurbished one at that time .
 So far so good . I tested my mixer on a heavy mix last night and it came out well.Noise
 First Off , thank you Amazon for the GREAT deal . Paid $ 259 with a $ 50 mail in rebate . $ 209 for a $ 499 Kitchen Aid . . Ca n't beat that . . No one was within $ 120 of that on Cyber Monday . My wife definitely would not have gotten this model if it was not for the bargain . We have 4 kids and 25 nieces and nephews to buy for on Christmas , huge family on wifes side , not much room for Mom and Dad gifts in the budget on Christmas.Second , I know exactly NOTHING about how these work or different applications.All I know is my wife has been begging for one of these for ever and Amazon made it happen . I hear my wife in the kitchen loving all over this thing . She tells me how it does this and that so much better than the others and has applications she was n't aware of . She is in love . You know the saying '' If Mama ai n't happy , ai n't nobody happy '' . Well we are all living high on the hog . Dinner has just expanded by at least one side and a dessert . Sweet .
 just my luck ! i bought on cyber monday the kitchen aid 600 series . just perfect before a job i had to do ... well tonight thrusday december 1st i unpacked my new KA mixer . yet i noticed the contents inisde look like pre washed and the styrofoam was boken and the hook and paddle were not in place which its weird being a new product . anyway i conected my new mixer to start making whipped topping for a cake i 'm making for a customer and the machine at high speed startede to go high and slow and a weird burned smell started to come out . just my luck i guess i got a lemmon . weird because i have been working with kitchen aid i own an artisan model at home and at scvhool we had like 30 and never something like this happen to me , no smells and no speed changing so i called Amazon and they are replacing the mixer . i hope next one will be just fine . by its looks looks like a powerful machine , just what i need for my side cooking baking work from home . i will def recomend this machines , and amazon have been great to exchange the machine . so keep posted after dec 5 that i will get the replacement i 'll put a detailed description of how the performance of the machine . i will be making dough , cakes and creams , so good run to test full capacityand performance .
 I decided to go with the Pro 600 because of the increase in power over regular models . The mixing bowl is also larger and I like how it is mounted securely on the stand . Customer service told me attachments can not be put in the dishwasher , but it only takes a minute to clean them . The mixer worked overtime during the 2006 holiday season . It made dozens and dozens of cookies for us . It powered through even the thickest of doughs.It worked flawlessly except for one issue . The attachments were very hard to slide off of the mixer . Our solution was to spray some vegetable oil on it to keep it lubricated . Works great now ! Big investment , but we ca n't bake without it now .
 This has saved me tremendous time . My hands got sore hand mixing large batches of dough . My new mixer can handle the large batches as well as the small . I would recommend it to any one who does a lot of baking . My husband bought this for me after I asked him for help mixing noodle dough.I should of asked for help sooner ! : -RRB-
 KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel PearlI thought really hard about spending this much money on a mixer . However , after cheaper mixers and burning out hand mixers , I decided it was time for something better . We talked it over and decided to go with the KitchenAid Professional 600 Series Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl . This mixer will do whatever mixing job you ask of it ! I have n't really gotten into extra attachments , but I feel sure that I 'll be adding an extra bowl and flat beater because I do sometimes have to wash them while preparing a recipe so that I can use them again . I do not begrudge the money spent on this mixer ... it was money well spent ! I would highly recommend this mixer to anyone who does much in their kitchen ! My mother who has been a great cook for many years has finally gotten one of these mixers in a slightly different color for her kitchen . She is as impressed as I.
 Before purchasing this mixer on Amazon , I read every single review . I was concerned about the negative comments but because I know from experience that KitchenAid stands behind their products , I replaced my 4 1/2 quart KitchenAid mixer -LRB- which still worked fine after 15 years of use -RRB- with the 6 1/2 quart KP26 M1PSL which I call my `` kitchen work horse '' . It turned out 12 dozen Christmas cookies in one batch , and that is a lot of stiff dough . And the motor never ran hot and stopped as one reviewer warned . As a matter of fact , even big batch yeast dough is no problem for this machine . I just turned out a pullman size loaf of whole wheat bread and have it on the counter rising . I bought my mixer on sale from Amazon for $ 256 w/free shipping and used a Manufacturer 's $ 50 rebate from KitchenAid so I paid only $ 206 , but after using it , I would recommend it even at full price .
 This mixer is more than I had hoped for ! It mixes everything in no time at all . I can mix big batches of cookies or bread at one time . Great time saver !
 This is a gorgeous product ! I just recently used the spiral dough hook for the first time . I was amazed at how much better it is than the old hook I used to use.The large bowl is SOO nice ! We had a little 4 1/2 qt before , so this is much better.I was worried at first because when turning it on , it seemed to hesitate through all speeds . BUT learning more about it , its called `` Soft Start '' which eases into the speed selected . I thought it would be lame , but after using the first time , it saved me when I filled with flour and hit full speed -LRB- Dont know why ... -RRB- before it reved all the way up , I had a split second to react and turn it down before it reved full speed . Anyway ... love the feature !
 I have owned a KitchenAid Classic for 11 years , so it took me a while to take the leap to invest in the Professional 600 Series , but I am so glad I did ! As some have mentioned , it is louder than its smaller counterparts , but do not let that sway you ! This is a powerful machine . I am able to mix up 2 batches of cookie dough at a time and I could probably even make it 3 batches . A wonderful , wonderful product !
 I bought this for my mom during Cyber Monday and the deal was just too good to pass up ! $ 259.99 with a $ 50 rebate . . sold !! This mixer is great and my mom is loving it when she makes desserts and other pastries . So far so good and I 'd recommend this mixer to everyone !
 AS usual , my new kitchen aid mixer is just great . Been using kitchen aid mixers for over 30 years . My old mixer was 15 yrs old and working great . just wanted abigger one . gave my old one to a friend , who loves it . and i love my new one . And I can tell you , that Kitchen Aid stands behind their mixers . And no , I do n't get paid from them . Just love their mixers .
 ** Update
 I did purchase this mixer from Amazon and when I received it the serial number started with 14 which indicates that it one with the plastic housing . I have only used it once , but worked fine . It does not seem to turn on and off every time . Sometimes I need to push up on the button while sliding it to make it turn on . Not sure if that has to do with the plastic housing or not . I am going to call them first thing Monday morning and see what they say . Is it even possible that these defective ones that were produced in 2007 are still in circulation at nearly 2012 and are still being sold ? It would seem to me that they would have been long gone by now , but going to call KA customer service just to voice concerns and see what happens . There was no way that I know of to check the serial number and purchase from Amazon . It was a good cyber Monday deal -LRB- $ 185.00 -RRB- and do n't regret getting it . I am sure it will do all and more that I need it to do . But after reading the reviews from 2006 and 2007 , it gave me reason to just question it .
 Got my machine and was for the most part thrilled with it , minus finding out there was no rubber grip on the handle that makes the bowl go up and down . Anyway , it 's not that big of a deal , but to me it just looks cheap and unfinished without it . Anyhow , I was still pumped and got it all out of the box and then noticed a huge gash on the side of the machine . The metal is bent back and then someone took a red paint pen to cover it up . So , needless to say , I got on the phone with Amazon and they are shipping me out a new one . I 'm just hoping nothing is wrong with that one once I get it . Amazon definitely has great customer service and they are taking care of me , so I am happy about that . I 'll update my review once I get my new one !
 KitchenAid KP26M1PGC Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Cinnamon GlossI just received my KA mixer today and the model # KP26M1PGC is printed directly on the KA proof of purchase label and on the product registration card so it does n't appear to be a typo by Amazon . The mixer itself seems to be very similar to the KP26M1X however , the order did not include the pouring shield as described in another review . I will send in my Rebate form with both model # 's on it and hope for the best .
 I am thrilled with the Kitchen Aid KP26M1XLC Professional 600 Series 6-Quart . It was a great price , arrived promptly , and in excellent condition . I would recommend this product to all serious cooks who need a powerful mixer . Heather Van Cleave and ` Betty the Beater ' send their thanks to Amazon !
 I got this Professional Mixer for $ 285 -LRB- the price of an Aritsan -RRB- through Amazon and it came in perfect condition . Beautiful !
 I replaced my older KitcheAid , which was still working just fine after 13 years but wanted a bigger , stronger model . Got my Series 6 and love it as much as my older one . You really can not beat a KitchenAid mixer , no matter what series you get .
 FAST SERVICE ! THEY HAD THE EXACT ITEM , IN THE COLOR THAT I WANTED , CHEAPER THAN THE STORES THAT I HAD BEEN DEALING WITH !! I NEVER HAVE TO LEAVE THE HOUSE TO SHOP AGAIN !!!!
 i have a 4 quart , i was ready for an upgrade especially since the other one i had , about 30 years it has a lot of miles on it and is still great . it is going to my sons house for my grand daughters to use at home , they have used it all their life in my house . now i am looking forward to my new and bigger one this is totally wonderful . thank you amazon . com for the acuracy of product and delivery . the kitchen aid 6 quart mixer nickel pearl is perfect in my kitchen . margaret fort worth , tx .
 This was a gift for my daughter who wanted the bigger bowl , professional mixer . She is delighted with it and the color exactly matched her red countertops !
 Not so much a review as an observation . I almost pulled the trigger on this one before I realized that my countertop to cabinet height is about 18 inches and this thing appears to be 19.4 inches tall . Something to consider when making this purchase.I ended up getting the 5.5 qt version -LRB- same number of watts -RRB- and it fits under my cabinet with a little less than a half inch to spare . I bought it from Costco because of an instant $ 50 mfr rebate which made it about $ 250 . The first one smoked after being run for about 5 minutes and before the temperature cut-off shut it off . I swapped that one out and so-far-so-good on the new one so I 'm hoping it was just a fluke . I also intend to take it apart to see if it has the metal versus plastic/nylon gearbox and will try to report back.Based on a lot of reading I intend to `` torture-test '' mine during the first 30 days -LRB- heavy loads of pasta and wheat dough -RRB- to give me a little added peace of mind that it 's going to go the distance . If it dies then Costo has an excellent return policy and Kitchaid/whirlpool deserves to eat it ... Only time will tell ...
 Can anyone tell me how tall the KitchenAid KP26M1PSL is ? It was a Black Friday KitchenAid deal , but is still available -LRB- at a higher price of course -RRB- . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005Z2L3L8/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?ie=UTF8&m;=ATVPDKIKX0DERThe site states Product Dimensions
 Product in good condition , is seen to be of good quality and we are very happy with it.The transaction was successful , and arrived in good time .
 The mixer arrived within 24 hours ! It was as described , and the price was excellent . This was purchased as a gift and will no doubt give many years of reliable use .
 I love my new KitchenAid 600 Pro Series Stand Mixer . The Cinnamon Gloss color is more beautiful in person than the picture shows . It makes baking ALOT easier !!!!
 This mixer is better than I expected . It is reply great . Glad I got the top of the line . It 's amazing .
 Up-graded from the 500hp and we love it . Bigger bowl , faster more efficient speeds . Our two year old likes to help out with it as well ; i think he know something good is going to happen when we use it
 I was so amazed how quick I received it especially during the Christmas holidays !! The color was absolutely beautiful . . Cavair Gloss
 This product is awesome . I will never go back to a hand held mixer again . Kitchenaid is the best product out there . I have tried a bunch of mixers . This is the best one by far .
 This KitchenAid Mixer is a powerhouse ! Best Mixer ever ! The onyx color is really sharp looking . Would highly recommend this product .
 A thing of beauty !!!! All I need to say is that it is a Kitchenaid product . Oh ! and that the delivery was even better .
 This mixer is one I have wanted for some time ; the price was right so I obtained it . It replaces an older model that I had for 35 years .
 I have used a KitchenAid hand mixer for years . . the question is why did n't I get the stand mixer years ago ? This is beyond my wildest dreams for a mixer ! I had chosen the nickel pearl color , which , as it happened , was the least expensive of the mixers . I am amazed at how easy it is to mix cookies or anything ! The plastic guard keeps the flour from flying up into the air . . all in all , I LOVE this piece of kitchen machinery . I ca n't imagine HOW or WHY I did n't have it for so long ! I more than highly recommend this mixer !
 I have made breads , cookies , meatloaf , grated cheese ... Handles like a champ . I use it about everyday !
 Have had the mixer for at least 5 years . No problems at ALL . Love the extra power when I do something like a double batch of oatmeal chocolate chip cookies . Great for whipping up a batch of pizza dough . Like the pasta attachments too ; fun to make my own pasta once in a while . I think the extra power is worth paying a bit more for this mixer ; it 's always there when you need it . I expect my mixer will last for many , many years to come .
 When my wife and daughter were diagnosed with Celiac disease and we realized that most of our food needed to be prepared at home without wheat flour or additives , we looked for a mixer to save time in food preparation . For the last 3 months we have used it to mix almost everything that we bake . Once we got the hang of using it , we have used it almost everyday . We could n't be happier with it . Last night I asked my wife how she felt about it and she said , `` I wish I would have had this 18 years ago when we were first married . '' Although it has been difficult to rewrite all of our favorite recipes without gluten , this machine has made it much easier .
 I must say that I 'm surprised that this mixer has held in since Jan. 09 . I love the new dough hook.I think it has relieved some of the pressure when handling larger amounts of dough . Let me back up to the first sentence . The first KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6 qt . Stand Mixer had problems . Mainly the mixer could not handle the same amount of dough in ratio that the 5 qt . mixer could do . Within that year I had 5 mixers with the last one was at the end of my 1 year . warranty . I was burning them up with the dough hook . Surprisingly this one held in . KitchenAid told me to adjust my recipe . This recipe won me the Texas State Fair in 89 ' in white bread . The killer was KitchenAid only want us to use the dough hook for only 5 minutes . On the 5 qt.mixer I could knead for 10 to 15 minutes at a time . KitchenAid honored the warranty for that year . I was thankful . All I had to do was to call and they would sent me another one and pick up the broke one . The newest one -LRB- no. 6 -RRB- has really held in there for me . . The only thing I see wrong is that it smells like it burning up when I 'm using the dough hook , and I 'm not to fond of the new splash shell . BUT I LOVE MY KitchenAid .
 I brought this for myself for Christmas . I love it . The mixer does whatever I ask of it . It does a great job . I have had other mixers in the past where the beaters lift up . I had no problem getting use to the fact that the bowl lifts on this one . I am not concerned about the weight since I leave the mixer on the counter waiting for the next batch of cookies to be made . I am also proud of the mixer and like to show it off .
 My family has used KitchenAid stand mixers since 1953 . The latest one is vastly improved , as its flour capacity has been increased from 8 cups to 14 cups . It also has an electronic slow speed control , to keep freshly added flour and liquids from spilling out of the mixing bowl . This has made this new machine much more usable , as cleaning up after spills had been a real nuisance with the smaller models.The only drawback is , that smaller quantities -LRB- like whipping cream for one cup of coffee or less than 4 egg whites -RRB- can be a problem , unless you have a smaller hand mixer for that.But having a less troublesome machine has increased usage considerably and the savings thereby have been great.The new mixer also has a very different heavy dough spiral -LRB- not a hook anymore -RRB- which keeps the dough from creeping up and onto the powerhead , which was another clean up annoyance of the old hook -LRB- making it less fun and efficient to use -RRB- .
 I have had the KitchenAid 600 Series in Nickel Pearl for over a year now and I LOVE IT ! I have had no problems with it . I have the pasta attachments , meat grinder , shredder , and juicer attachments . I 've used them all this product works like a charm =-RRB- You always worry when you spend so much money , if it 's going to be worth it and I am happy that my mixer did not disappoint me because all I have wanted to get one of these for years !
 I bought a KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart For my bride of 33 years . She loves it , I love it , It looks great on our counter too . I am machinist so I know a quality machine when I hear and see it . This is quality at its finist . I only wish that we had bought it earlier in life .
 i love my kitchenaid ! It was cheaper by $ 100.00 then anybody else.It was delivered early as well !
 If you knead atta regularly for rotis , this is the best thing in your kitchen . Makes excellent dough for rotis , puris and cakes.Highly recommended !!
 The Pro series 600 is eaxactuly what were were looking for . We have not found anything that this unit can not mix better and faster than our previous unit , clean up is very qick , and it looks great on the couner .
 Great machine ! And , it is gorgeous left out on the kitchen counter . We put off buying one of these for years - that was a mistake .
 I 've just started using my mixer . I 've made bread , rolls , doughnuts and banana bread . The mixer works well especially for yeast doughs . The dough is well mixed and require a small time for hand kneading . I highly recommend this product .
 We had been looking to buy a new mixer and there were several offers out there for Kitchen-Aid mixers over the holidays , but this one -LRB- on E-Bay -RRB- was the best price for the product . I was also happy to see that the price went up nearly $ 100 the very next day after I had purchased ours .
 My mother and I were shopping at a local department store because of an ad in the paper . They were selling my Kitchenaide mixer for a lower price than everyone else so we made the decision right before xmas to each buy one . Two weeks prior we had borrowed my sister-in-laws 20 year old kitchenaide mixer -LRB- my mother bought her for a wedding gift -RRB- for baking cookies so we were in love with it already . We were looking at all the mixers scanning all the different kinds and attatchments when a man came around looking and scanning just like us . He then told us that his wife had instructed him to go and look at the mixers before she purchased it on Amazon.com . So he showed me that the 600 series was only $ 209.00 on sale and originally priced over $ 400.00 . So thank you to the honey-do man !! Thank you Amazon.com . Toni and Marge
 Great device!Pros
 Great product , great price . My husband was thrilled to recieve this mixer . There are some negative reviews out there , however the reputation of this product and the features led me to buy it anyway - and I am glad I did . The very best of things get bad reviews sometimes . I think the majority of people will be very happy with this product .
 Larger and more powerful than the Artisan Model . Heavy duty blades and mixer . Should get the job done .
 I had been thinking about purchasing a mixer for awhile . The cheap price at Amazon.com and the rebate were a great incentive to take the plunge . I LOVE the dough hook , and it handles a typical two-loaf recipe with no problems . My only complaint is that when using the mixing blade , I have to be sure to scrape the * bottom * of the bowl , where the blade misses . Overall , though , I 'm very happy with the purchase .
 This is just a little bigger than I thought it was , did n't quite fit under my kitchen cabinets . However , it is an amazing tool ! I can make cookies , cakes , breads , you name it - all without a shoulder ache!I would recommend it to anyone .
 One of the best mixers ever made -- Excellent prompt deliver . Best price I have seen anywhere . Blends well in our black and stainless kitchen
 I love my new mixer . I was especially pleased at the price and free shipping . I am sure it will serve me well for many years .
 KitchenAid KP26M1XMR Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , MeringueGreat mixer . I had one that was 25 years old and needed a new one . Love the BIG bowl and all the power . I am positive this will last at least 25 years .
 I feel that I can write a book about how much I love my new mixer !! It is the single best piece of kitchen machinery I have ever purchased ! Stands up to all my hard jobs and I never had the same problem as some of the other reviewers did . And with all the additional attachments that you can purchase , the use of this machine is endless . Love love love !!!
 I have had a Classic KitchenAid mixer for about 20 years . It still works , but we 've had a couple problems with it that need to be looked at -LRB- the on/off switch is very touch , so it can be scary for the kids to use -RRB- , and the lock mechanism is a little touch as well . I figure getting it repaired is going to cost at least $ 100 . The fantastic Cyber Monday deal got me this new mixer for $ 209 with the rebate . All of the extra attachments will still work , and the red matches our accent color in the kitchen perfectly . I have wanted a `` new '' colored KitchenAid for a while , and was excited to get one for such a great price .
 I replaced my 15 year old , 4 Quart standard Kitchen Aid mixer that had taken a beating after countless pizza dough making sessions and endured a few year stint as the main instument in my bread making hobby.Let 's just say that the first time I used this Pro 600 mixer , it nearly brought a tear to my eye . The power , capacity , and how the new spiral shaped dough hook handles that pizza dough is amazing . It honestly saves me about half the time becasue I can make a double batch and it draws the dough DOWN not UP like the old mixer so it requires no intervention during kneading.Second use was home made marshmallows and I do n't know if it was the mixer but they were by far the best I 've ever made . It handled the job easily.The copper color is striking by the way ; maybe not for everyone but if you like copper as a color , you 'll LOVE this .
 Bought for my wife after Christmas . She has used it several times and loves it . Probably will get some accessories as time goes on .
 What 's not to like ? Beautiful as well as proficient with all of my kitchen duties . I am not a professional baker , however , there is nothing this thing wo n't do . It 's a great mixer that I recommend to anyone .
 I upgraded from a 5 quart Kitchenaid because I was wanted more power for kneading bread dough . This mixer has it , and the power comes in handy for all the attachments . The only downside is it is less efficient at smaller batches . I have had to double up in my cookie recipies , etc. , in order for them to be well mixed . I am giving it 5 stars , however , because it is not the mixer 's fault I did n't take into account processing smaller batches . It does what it claims to and excels at double batches .
 What can I add after over 1,100 reviews ? I can only say that I LOVE THIS MIXER . I noticed a lot of the negative reviews were from almost 5 years ago ! Mine , purchased in September of 2010 -LRB- I 'm writing this review in February 2011 -RRB- is amazing . It can easily handle a double batch of gluten free bread -- not an easy task ! I 've done double batches of cookies -LRB- both regular and gluten free -RRB- and it did n't hiccup a bit . I 've stuff this thing to the top with big ol' batches of mashed potatoes and it not only made them perfectly but I never even had to scrape the bottom and yet my add-ins -LRB- garlic , salt and pepper , Greek yogurt , milk or cream , etc -RRB- are mixed all the way through.The soft start feature is amazing ! I love that even without the plastic guard it does n't throw up a bunch of flour . Secondly , while it 's fairly loud , I 'm not sure why this is an issue . Sure , you hear the motor working , but it 's not straining in any way and I do n't think of my kitchen as a bastion of quiet and calm when I 'm doing a major baking project . It 's not so loud that it hinders anyone else , so it does n't bother me.I think my ONLY complaints are that you ca n't wash the attachments in the dishwasher -LRB- that 's just a lovely convenience that it hurts to lose -RRB- and I have found that this is n't great for doing small batches of things . If I 'm doing a single batch of something , say just one egg and a cup of sugar , the whisk ca n't quite reach it and I have to keep scraping it down . I know there are scraping attachments that might help with this , but it 's just a bit annoying to have to buy something else that costs $ 25 - $ 30 to use something that already cost me $ 350 . Still , I love this . I hope it 's like my grandma 's and lasts me 40 years ! Even if it only lasted 10 it would totally be worth it . I 'm so glad I finally got my KitchenAid !
 I really love my mixer . I have the pro 600 and a classic from back when . I use both , the smaller one for light work , the larger for my gluten-free baking . I really needed the power it delivers . The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that , like everyone else say 's , Kitchen Aid really needs to make the paddle and dough hook out of stainless steel . I hope someday they will make them for this mixer and offer an upgrade to us . I love the fixed head for heavy work . The tilt-head twists and ca n't handle the hard work . THe bowl is solidly fixed in place and the ease of use is awesome . The wider bowl makes adding ingredients easier , and I never use the pouring shield . I would recommend this mixer to anyone who does a lot of baking , but not for the light cook . Also , it 's not that much larger space-wise than the tilt head , but it is a little taller and wider . Very heavy , so do n't plan on moving it around all the time .
 We bought this 6-Quart KitchenAid Professional 600 series mixer in Empire Red -LRB- in addition we bought the cover as well -RRB- for the main purpose of mixing dough with the spiral dough utensil , which is included.My family and I spent spent a considerable time comparing the Cuisinart 7-Quart MixerCuisinart SM-70BC 7-Quart 12-Speed Stand Mixer , Brushed Chromewith the KitchenAid mixer before making our purchase.The Cuisinart Mixer had a larger bowl , more wattage , sale price was less than the KitchenAid.We watched numerous demo videos on both on Amazon and YouTube.For us , the KitchenAid 's selling point was the lift-up handle that picked and locked the bowl into place . I have many years worth of experience working with a restaurant-grade dough mixer -LRB- Usually mixing nearly 20 pounds of dough at a time -RRB- , so the videos demonstrated the mixer 's sturdiness.Although the Cuisinart 's mixer appeared equally sturdy , we were nervous about the constant over-use of the hinge of the machine that requires completely torquing up and out the machine and the wires inside in order to remove the bowl -LRB- You should watch the videos to see what I mean -RRB- . So far I have limited myself to making up to 6-8 cups of flour into dough at a time . Only thing to point out
 I purchased the KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6 Qt Stand Mixer in Caviar Gloss in December 2010 and `` love it ! '' I 've had the Kitchen Aid 5 Qt since the early 80 's which is still running strong . I make a lot of bread and wanted more flour capacity above the 8-9 cups of the 5 Qt.In my decision to purchase the KA Professional 6 Qt , I weighed the negative reviews of the noise , overheating , and the inability to handle 9 cups of flour . Yes , the KA Pro 6 Qt is louder than the 5 QT but something I would expect with more power . I had absolutely no problem with the Pro overheating or having difficulty handling 9 plus cups of flour.I want to thank the reviewer who recommended the dark colored mixers as it is easier to see areas that you may not have seen if it was white as my 5 Qt is . In regards to cleaning , I do n't find it a problem to hand wash the attachments , ie. , burnished spiral dough hook , burnished flat beater or the wire whip in hot sudsy water and dry immediately as they are not dishwasher safe . Even the stickiest of doughs wash off easily when you start your clean-up . I would definitely recommend this mixer to family and friends.I purchased this from Amazon with `` Free Shipping '' and had this product in my home in two days . Could n't ask for more . Thank you Amazon !
 This is my 2nd KitchenAid mixer , I owned a lower model before which was great -LRB- I had owned it for 10 years & still worked when I upgraded to this model -RRB- . I upgraded because this mixer is a workhorse . It can handle everything - pizza dough , cookie dough , bread dough , and still beat egg whites beautifully.I have now owned this mixer for 3 1/2 years & it has NEVER let me down . You ca n't go wrong with a KitchenAid Mixer & if you can afford this model , you wo n't be sorry . It can do it all .
 First let me say that I am extremely fussy . I am a home baker and I normally prefer to knead my bread by hand , but KA created a truly remarkable machine . Our household is strictly organic . No bleached flours , no preservatives , and no fake sweeteners so even our hamburger buns are handmade . The KA 600 has changed my baking life . I can whip up flawless batches of bread in large quantities without a strain on the dough hook . My mashed potatoes have never been so amazing and frozen yogurt churns out in 20 minutes ! I am in love .
 The best gift than him I could make mother . Besides knowledge that is also , the best investment than can be done . I recommend them . thanks for punctuality in the delivery .
 I have used the mixer several times making artisan bread as well as cookies . My only complaint is that the mixer does not completely mix the ingredients in the bottom of the bowl . I read a suggestion that someone put a spring above the whip and that helped the problem . I would like to know more about how this was done and exactly where the spring was placed and how big the spring is supposed to be . I would recommend this product . Besides , it is red and looks gorgeous on my counter !
 I have used my Kitchen Aid 5 qt . mixer without any problems since 1996 , when I bought it refurbished . It made all our bread/baking for our family of 6 and now my son is using it to make bread for his family . With that track record I was pretty confident the 6qt would n't let me down either . It has a different sound then the 5 qt . but I would n't say it was noisier . I have not been disappointed !
 All she does is rave about it . Everytime she uses it she makes a point of telling me how much she loves it . Only downside is its size and the amount of counterspace it takes up .
 Great price . Love the Kitchen Aid , very powerful . Worth it if you are upgrading .
 We LOVE this mixer . Everyone we know loves this mixer , but we were too cheap to buy one . So we got a Sunbeam mixer on sale from Target . It was worthless . I mean , it worked essentially like a hand mixer . But as a bowl/stand mixer , it did n't do a good job at all . The KitchenAid is 100 % better . Whipping egg whites used to take me forever ; now they are no problem at all . And they 've inspired my husband to bake ! He loves trying new recipes just so he can use the mixer and all the attachments -LRB- they 're his new `` gadget '' to play with -RRB- . All in all I wish we 'd saved our money from the start and just bought this in the first place .
 I 'm so glad I purchased this heavy duty mixer ! I 've been baking up a storm and making bread every week . Have n't bought bread at the store in a couple of months . Very easy to use , with great recipes in the booklet , and good instructions on how to adapt my other recipes . I love it !!
 Perfect . Was able to mix cake hands free . Smooth and easy clean up . No splatter .
 I love my new KitchenAid mixer and was amazed at how quickly it was delivered . One thing to consider , if you do n't have room to store it on your counter , it takes up a lot of room in your cabinet and it is quite heavy . I would recommend it to others looking for a heavy duty mixer .
 Mixer works very well , quick and efficent good for working with a large quality of batter -LRB- 7quart bowl -RRB-
 Dear Amazon muybueno the prdoducto is just not okay evalado and lightning does not bring a little beyond the manuals in several languages '' other well and does not cause the splash which is a problem because for that model is not sold separately
 This was the first gift with a cord I have given to my wife in 10 years . Her smiles said it all.I hit a grand slam .
 I bought this KA Pro 600 on Black Friday for $ 209 after $ 50 mail-in rebate.I got the item in less than 4 days ! Fast shipping and very well packaged for transport.The love the Cinnamon Gloss color . It makes a great addition to my counter and has been a conversation starter for the past couple of weeks.Very high quality , solid base , I love the mixing bowl with the handle.I now have the task of buying all the awesome accessories that KA makes for this line of mixers !
 I have only used this mixer once in a few weeks of ownership . My unit appears to be a noisy one ; it makes a fairly loud , high-pitched motor noise . No grinding or struggling , though , so I 'm not too worried . The one recipe I tried was for cheesecake , and the mixer worked through quite a lot of cream cheese without difficulty . I 'm happy so far with the unit , but also happy to have the warranty in case the noise turns out to be due to a defect .
 Ordered after much research and Amazon had a good price . When looking at images of product , second picture is for a mother 's day offer for ice cream maker or pasta maker . I ordered mixer but when I wanted to print out offer , I see it 's from a 2005 offer . Amazon might just missed it for the last 6 years but I have my doubts . Ended up , Kitchenaid had another offer for icecream maker but not pasta maker I wanted . Good price either way but I thought I was also getting the pasta maker .
 I use this mixer to make whole wheat bread all the time . I grind my own grains and use 8 cups of whole wheat flour at a time . This mixer can handle it providing you have proper hydration of your grains . Always watch and listen as your dough is kneading and you will be fine . If you hear the mixer struggle , your dough is too thick and not properly hydrated ! I have replaced the worm gear and the worm gear follower and now I know not to overwork it . You will not wreck the motor because it will shut off before it will burn up , it will just strip out the worm gear .
 I had to replace my 600 because after it fell off the counter twice it wobbles and makes nasty noises . I do love the machine even though professionals bad mouth them in favor of other brands for mixing bread . I like the attachment sets and use everything from the grain mill to the pasta roller on a regular basis . As a mixer its kinda so-so . I also am a little disappointed that it ca n't survive a fall of the counter since the thing walks around a lot when its in heavy mixing mode ... but the reason I wrote this review was the amazing price range . If you 're willing to live with a butt ugly color -LRB- I am -RRB- you can save loads of money . I bought the copper for $ 275 whereas a lot of the popular colors are $ 400 . That 's one heck of a difference . But of course I used the savings on more attachments so all is right with the world -LRB- assuming the pasta extruder does n't break like some of the reviews report -RRB- .
 I bought this mixer because I really wanted to get into bread making . Since then I have also bought several attachment pieces . In terms of bread making this is a good machine , but not a great machine . Most bread recipes call for 5 lbs of flour . In order to fit that into this machine you need to split the recipe in two , mix one batch and then mix the second batch . Then you can combine the doughs together . Still , it is much better than the 5 quart which could not handle most bread recipes and was strictly a cake machine in my mind . It kneads nicely and it is very easy to figure out how to work . My main problem is that at the end of two batches -LRB- for a full 5 lb bag of flour to be used -RRB- the mixer starts to get hot . It once overheated and shut down on me . However it generally makes it through the two batches and then needs a break to coll down . So if you are looking to do heavy duty baking , multiple batches and use the mixer all day long you might need something with a more powerful motor , like a Bosch.This machine is heavy as anything . I can not move the main unit so it sits on my counter . However it is very easy to get the bowl off and on and to attach the various pieces . The dough hook it comes with is more than sufficient to make bread . The bowl has a handle which makes for easy lifting.I love the attachments one can buy . I use the pasta rollers all the time . I find the motor is more than capable of handling such other jobs for extended periods of time . It really seems to be only bread kneading that gets it all hot and bothered.Overall I am happy because the attachments give the machine versatility but I would warn the serious bread makers to invest in a machine with a stronger motor .
 I loved my entry-level KitchenAid stand mixer and used it until it was protesting when used for heavier doughs and the like . Then I gave it to a friend , who is still using it . As an avid cook , I try to upgrade my small appliances when they have served me well . So I 'd been looking at the 600-series for some time and got an unbeatable deal on the `` meringue '' colored version . I love that it 's white so it will always go with my kitchen . The textured finish is much easier to keep clean than the shiny finish of my last model -LRB- and I was a little OCD about keeping it clean and shiny ! -RRB- . The bowl is bigger - yay ! There are a couple of negatives
 I stressed hard about this purchase . This is my first stand mixer though I have drooled over them for 13 + years.Some of the things I was worried about based on other negative reviews : It is not LOUD by any stretch of the imagination.It handles a single batch of cookies as well as a double batch of bread with ease.The motor has not gotten hot and I have run it for a while.Overall I am thoroughly impressed and wish I would have invested in this tool YEARS ago !
 I 've had this mixer for about six months and absolutely love it ! I 've used it for everything from making pizza dough to cookies , cakes , and icing . I got the Nickel Pearl color , and it 's beautiful . I was expecting a matte finish , but it is very glossy and looks great.The bowl is large enough that I can make a double batch of chocolate chip cookies without worrying about flour splashing out of the bowl , which happened all the time with my mom 's 4.5 quart KitchenAid . I have n't had any trouble with the motor/transmission like some of the other reviewers , but I have n't made anything needing more than about 6-7 cups of flour . Just make sure you use speed 2 when kneading bread dough and you 'll be okay!One note of caution - if you 're making extremely small recipes , this may not be the mixer for you . The mixing blade does n't mix well for very small batches , like those for some kinds of spritz cookies . I may pick up the optional 3 quart mixing bowl for extra small batches . I did n't have this problem with the 4.5 quart KitchenAid , which sometimes struggled with large batches that this mixer tackles with ease .
 I bought this mixer just before christmas . My 70 year old -LRB- yes , 70 year old -RRB- tilt head kitchen aid gave up just as I was getting into the holiday cookie mode . It took me most of the holidays to get really comfortable with the new mixer but I really love it . It has quieted down , has lots of power , takes all the attachments my old one did , and is definitely a keeper . After reading all the reviews I was concerned as to whether or not I would be happy with the new mixer . But I am . I have had none of the problems referred to in the negative reviews . I am optimistic that this mixer will last out my lifetime . FWIW I made 14 different varieties of cookies -LRB- 1000 's -RRB- and it did great .
 I bought the Pro 600 even after I read the opinions that several people had about this mixer not mixing small mixes well . I agree with these opinions and also find this to be true . It does n't mix a single cake mix well . The batter will have flour lumps even after running on a high speed . My cheap Sunbeam does a great job for single cake mixes and the Pro 600 does n't . I 've mixed single cake mixes in Kitchen Aids 5 qt models many times and have n't had a problem , so I attribute this to the bowl size/bowl geometry of the 6qt bowl model . I 'm not talking about the mix that 's left untouched on the bottom of the bowl , so you wo n't have metal shavings in your batter if the beater was any closer . -LRB- There is an adjustment screw which will get the beater to within a dimes width of the bottom of the bowl -RRB- . I 'm talking about the cake mix in general has tons of flour lumps.Kitchen Aid designed a 3 qt bowl with a whip/beater called the Combi Whip -LRB- KN3CW -RRB- which will fit on the Pro 600 and I think is their solution for mixing a single cake mix or small things like eggs , and creaming a couple sticks of butter . -LRB- I think they forgot to put a handle on the bowl because I do n't see one in the picture or maybe it 's on the other side - do n't know -RRB- . http://shopkitchenaid.com/product_detail.asp?HDR=attachments&T1;=KTA+KN3CWThe only problem I have with the 3 qt bowl is that they 've turned water into wine . Their 6qt bowl in my opinion does n't mix a single cake mix well , so they made a bowl that does and charges an extra $ 60 for the bowl and the whip . Should n't a mixer come with the basic items so it can mix a cake mix without having to buy a special bowl and paddle ? It 's not like I 'm trying to make ice-cream and do n't have the special accessory for that . I 'm still going to buy this bowl and beater , I just think the price is high for something the machine should already do well when you take it out of the box and plug it in , which is making a single box of cake mix . $ 30 seems more appropriate for a `` fix '' . I 've read some peoples comments and complained about the noise it makes . It 's a machine , and it 's going to make noise ! Just so you know , you wo n't be able to take a nap or talk on the phone while the mixer is on.Overall , I think the Kitchen Aid Pro 600 mixer is a great machine . Kitchen Aid mixers have been around forever , are workhorses , and should last a lifetime .
 My wife and I finally broke down and bought a Kitchen Aid . We had known of this product for many years and we had always rationalized not spending the money on it an opted for cheaper one after cheaper one . Well now that we have been through the rest we now have the best -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- . Its true though , other than doing its intended job , it seems to excel at it . I regret having waited so long to make this purchase .
 I received this mixer as an early Christmas gift when my old 6 quart mixer quit just before Thanksgiving . The old mixer was one of the early 6 quart KitchenAid mixers with a 525 watt motor . The 525 motor seemed to have problems and is no longer made for the 6 quart machine . I got two replacement machines under warranty before I was shipped one which lasted a few years . When my 525 machine quit , I decided to replace it rather than fix it.The first thing I noticed about the new , 6 quart , 575 watt machine was that it is MUCH quieter than my old one . Thus far , I have used it over a dozen times for bread and double batches of cookies . It handles it all with ease .
 I have owned the 6-qt mixer for a few years and absolutely love it . I do a lot of baking , things like cookies , cake , bread , candy , etc. . It makes baking tasks so much easier and leaves my hands free for measuring and working on more than one recipe at once . That comes especially in handy during the holidays while baking goody plates for friends and family!The ONLY issue I ever had with this size mixer -LRB- the 575 watts -RRB- was that it could n't handle multiple batches , done one at a time in succession , of thick bread dough . After the first batch the mixer would sometimes overheat and I 'd have to wait an hour or so before I could finish . I do n't fault the mixer for this at all , I know it 's a very heavy duty job . Because of that , I upgraded to the 7-qt Proline mixer -LRB- 1.3 hp -RRB- and with the new mixer have n't had any issues.With that being said , if you want a mixer for basic every day baking . Cookies , ONE small-medium batch of bread dough , cakes , etc. this is definitely the mixer for you . If you do a lot more with bread , especially multiple batches , maybe take a look at theKitchenAid 7-qt . Pro Line Stand Mixer , Candy Apple Red . Either way , I would definitely suggest not going any smaller than this 600 series mixer .
 This item was as described and arrived on time . It performs very well with power to handle the tougher mixing jobs . The only negative is it does n't have the lift up action of smaller versions . It just takes some getting used to in order to prepare for the mixing actions .
 I read the specs on this and what Kitchenaid said it could do . I 'm in culinary school and own a bakery and so I was n't a total believer to say the least . I bought the product because I needed a new mixer . I decided to test it out just to see how well it could do and low and behold it can mix 13 dozen cookies at once . It is definately worth the money .
 We got this mixer to augment our small hand mixer which was really having trouble with cookie dough . Since we got it , we have made bread , cookies , donuts and rolls . It mixes everything effortlessly and completely . We made some frosting for a cake we made , I will never buy frosting again . It was so good and so easy to make.We are looking foward to getting new attachments -LRB- Ice Cream Maker -RRB- and making our holiday cookies .
 I work in a hospital kitchen and this is better then our Hobart mixer at work !!! Of course it 's much smaller but I use it at least 3 times a week !!!
 I have only used my KitchenAid mixer twice but already love it . It is very easy to use and I really like being able to turn it on and walk away . As much as I like it , I do think I could have been just as happy with a 5 quart mixer since I do not cook in large quanities .
 Good product , but I should have purchased 4-Quart option . I did n't realize how big the item was until I received it . I still decided to keep it .
 This is my second one . The first I used to make bread almost exclusively and never , never , never used it at speed 2 . Always at 4 or more . However , the other one had the plastic gear box and had been repaired several times for other problems until the gear box split and the gears seized up . I must say , Mixing dough at a higher speed gave better crumb to the bread , but that dough was usually more hydrated than your basic white-bread-in-a-pan recipe . The newer dough hook is n't as efficient with wetter doughs . It grabs the top half of the dough mixes it and rides over the bottom half , never quite engaging the whole mass . The old hook works better with wetter doughs . It grabs hold of the dough and turns it fine . Still , the mixing at speed 2 is not as good as I remember it with my previous mixer . I 'm still playing with mixing times and will have to try each and every one of my bread recipes to see if Speed 2 can be accommodated .
 My mother , 85 , was known for her sourdough bread . When she gave it up after moving in with my husband and me , I decided to try my hand at it After mastering the kneading skills , I quickly realized that my arthritis in my neck and hands were getting worse . I had always wanted a Kitchen Aid , but never felt like I would get my moneys worth since I did n't really bake that much . Since I received my new Professional 600 , I realize it is worth its weight in gold . I have had it now for a couple of months and love it . I bought the Roto/SlicerShredder . Have n't had the opportunity to use it yet , looking forward to saving lots of time cutting those veggies with a lot more ease.I would highly recommend this mixer as it has no problem kneading even the hard to work with , whole wheat breads .
 Strengths
 This is a heirloom item . I went for the more powerful unit because a semi-pro cook I know burned out his entry level model . Tall . Plan where you can put it .
 I bought this mixer for my wife for Christmas 2010 . She has owned a smaller version of this KitchenAid and loves it . This new mixer was a great price and the quality and power of this mixer is above everything else on the market at this price range . It has all the power one could use in the home kitchen and commercial use .
 BUENISIMO PARA MIS TORTAS . EXCELENTE OPCION PARA AQUELLOS QUE QUIERAN TENER UN NEGOCIO DE TORTAS . EXECELNTE CALIDAD , LUEGO COMPRARE MAS ACCESORIOS .
 I bought this as I am on a gluten free and egg free diet . Since most baking recipes for this type of diet say to use a stand mixer I wanted one that would stand up to the kind of use I need . This is it . This is my favorite kitchen appliance . I do n't know what I did without all those years . Thanks to Amazon I got it for a very good price also .
 If you want the Best you pay for the BEST . It 's that simple . Go for it . You wo n't regret it . It has all the power you need for whatever you want to make . Large batches of Christmas cookies this year ... SOOOOO EASY !!!
 I finally made the big purchase , and I love my new mixer . It is quick and pretty quiet . I can double a batch of cookies with no problems and now I am ready to make even more !! It is very heavy duty and needs a place so I can easily reach and not have to carry it around . But it think it is so worth the price and it looks beautiful !!
 This Kitchenaid mixer is great . Since I have giving it to my wife I have had the good fortune to taste some great baking !!!!! She enjoys it . Great power , easy to keep clean . You can fill the 6 qt bowl and it does n't miss a beat when running . The price was great as well .
 this mixer was a gift and I would not take a farm in Georgia for it . I use it every day and love itIt us woderful for bread that I make every week .
 This is the 3rd KitchenAid stand mixer we have owned . We started with the basic version , then stepped up to the next size and now finally are at the Professional 600 . We bought it for Christmas but before Christmas just to have all the goodies when the family gathered over the holidays . The original 2 mixers have been passed onto our kids and now even the youngest single son has one . A great kitchen tool !
 My husband and I have had nothing but Oster mixers in the 27 years we have been married . I am now a KitchenAid convert . This mixer is amazing . Highly recommend it to anyone who loves to bake .
 We have this mixer for a year now . We are very happy about it.We use it roughly once a week and it still feels like new.We only had one time when it overheated and shut itself down for a while , but other than that , it was able to handle mixing tasks .
 I researched all the models and brands before buying , I saw the plastic gear housing issue and bought a model with the updated metal housing . I have a large family and depend on it every day . I have done small amounts and large amounts with ease . I recently took it apart to re-grease and inspect the housing and all the gears after it being a bit clunky sounding and found not one gear marred or nicked or a crack in the housing . Even the gasket was in perfect shape.I cleaned and re-greased it myself since it is out of warranty anyway . It was easy after watching this video -LSB- ... -RSB- The video is thorough and makes it easy to repair , grease it , or just see how it works.I have had it 5 years now and the only issue I ever had was with a 6 qt . bowl full of potatoes to mash . It shut off from the steam overheating it , so I read it could happen in the booklet and waited and it restarted fine.The dough hook is great and whips up pizza dough for us in about 2 minutes.The whip attachment froths up eggs without adding anything to it , I can have stiff peaks quickly . It does cream so fast that it can turn to butter quickly so watch it closely.I have several attachments also and love the slicer/shredder the most . I buy cheese in blocks and have it shredded in under a minute . I love doing potato chips and au gratin potatoes with the slicer too -LRB- no more sliced knuckles from the hand slicers -RRB- . As long as you clean or soak the attachments right away they clean up easy.I did n't like the grinder , it did a poor job and was slowwwwww . I got rid of that.I am happy with my purchase and enjoy the ease of use of this machine.I like the lifter , instead of the hinge and even though the hooks were n't stainless steel , they have held up under pressure and a couple of broken spoons and spatulas ! -LRB- Yes , I got lazy and did n't shut it off before scraping the sides -RRB- . Trust me shut it off first and enjoy your creation instead of throwing out everything because of shards of plastic or wood in it.I look forward to many more years of use by doing some simple maintenance and common sense .
 First of all , my subtraction of a star does n't indicate disdain for the product . I actually love this mixer and , if it were to break down the line , I 'm certain that I would get another . I purchased the Professional 6-Quart mixer over the Artisan series solely because , during the holidays , I bake large batches of cookies for cookie trays and , during the summer , I like to bake lots of desserts that feed a ton of people for barbeques , so I thought this would better suit my needs so as not to have to mix batch after batch in a smaller mixer . Let me say that this does that like a champ . Six dozen cookies ? No problem . Filling for four pumpkin pies ? Yep , got you covered.I am , however , a little disappointed in its small-batch productivity . When baking a single batch of cookies or cupcakes or making a cake , the mixer is not the &#34; dump your stuff in and let it do the job for you &#34; miracle worker that you see on the Food Network . Often times , there is flour stuck to the bottom or sides that the mixer is just not going to pick up on its own because the bowl is so large . It does get the job done though if you babysit it and wiggle the bowl around -LRB- yes , you can manipulate the bowl with the handle while the mixer is operational -RRB- . At times , you 'll need to shut it off and use a rubber spatula to move the flour into the center to get it to work.The above issue is really just a small hiccup in what is , otherwise , a flawless product . Add to this that there are endless attachment possibilities and you really have a solid product that is built to stand the test of time -LRB- I know people that have their mother 's twenty year old KitchenAid and it still looks just as awesome and still works just as flawlessly as mine does -RRB- . However , if you mainly do small-batch baking , the Artisan series will probably be more than adequate , as well as save you some money .
 This mixer was a life saver . I made 1000 cookies over the holidays and this mixer made it easy . The high capacity helped me make double batches with ease and no mess . Mine did n't rattle or shake like other reviews said even with the large amounts of dough in it . Not a fan of the non dishwasher safe attachments or else I would have given a 5 rating .
 Had this for about 4.5 years now and its still a work horse . We use it for everything we can.-Baking-Grinding-kneading bread -LRB- my favorite -RRB- We have some of the attachments and I really do advise getting some of those as it adds more utility to your kitchen aid .
 In April of 2011 , I purchased the KitchenAid KP26M1XWH Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer . The color was white , as if that makes any difference.The mixer gets used at least once a week , sometimes two or three times on a Saturday . My household is two adults . I leave it on the counter next to the stove , because it 's an awkward beast to move ; but , it is n't really that heavy . I drape it with a towel when it might get spattered by cooking on the adjacent stove top . Cleaned after each use , the body and attachments are pristine.This mixer performs precisely as advertised.Since the day I received it , I have used this machine for these recipes : . doubled recipes of white bread -LRB- from the Kitchenaid Instructions and Recipe book -RRB- , . and its cinnamon bread variation , . doubled recipes of banana bread -LRB- from the 1975 Joy of Cooking -RRB- , . Longchamps ' cheesecake -LRB- from Maida Heatter -RRB- , with and without chocolate , . doubled recipes of the Joy of Cooking pound cake , with and without chocolate , . ice cream , using the free attachment -LRB- bowl , dasher , and spindle adapter -RRB- , and , . less frequently , doubled recipes of the Kitchenaid whole grain wheat bread.I also whip cream and egg whites and make 2-1/2 pounds of mashed potatoes according a mash-up of the Kitchenaid and Joy of Cooking instructions . I 've also made a double batch of Chocolate Chip Cookies and a double batch of brownies from the Kitchenaid recipes.Before I made my purchase , I read just about every review on Amazon and every other site , and I poured through the Kitchenaid online forum , reading every single post.The major complaints seemed to be that the users burned out motors and gears and that the wire whip , paddle , and dough hook were not machine-washable . Whatever manufacturing and design problems Kitchenaid seemed to have had apparently have been rectified . My judgement , though , is that most of the poor reviews are due to owners misusing the machine , by mixing too much product or by running the machine continuously , as if in a commercial kitchen.As far as the whip , paddle , and hook not being machine-washable , they are made of aluminum . Nothing made of aluminum goes in the dishwasher.And , were the whip , paddle , and hook to have been fabricated from stainless steel , this would have pushed the purchase price too high for Kitchenaid to have sold enough units to have made a decent profit . Are the commercial equivalents made of stainless ? I 'm thinking that they are not . That said , it does give me aesthetic satisfaction to gently hand wash and dry the beautiful 6-quart bowl.This is a great product . I fully expect to die before this machine does .
 We are `` foodies '' who appreciate great dining and in our travels we always lament how deprived we are for not having access to great breads . As a result my wife has taken up bread baking . We also do pizzas from scratch and I 'm a cookie monster!Baking bread is a little physical and my wife is starting to experience some signs of arthritis . I contemplated getting the `` bread maker '' that performs all the task but somehow I felt that would compromise the flavors and according to many reviews it is just not the same as using traditional oven baking . I feel strongly that if you like quality baked bread , it is best to go with a traditional oven . So a mixer seemed like the ticket but it was important to get one heavy enough for frequent use . This make and model shows well in many reviews . It was that broad acceptance that drove me to make the purchase.This mixer performs as stated , has a heavy commercial feel and is as attractive on the counter as one could expect for a utility piece . It is heavy so it is not a piece that you will want to be moving around a lot so it has a permanent home on the counter top as a result . If appearance is important take the time to select one of the many colors available to suit your kitchen decor One pleasurable surprise is how having a mixer of this caliber allows you to perform other functions such as clean up and other food prep while the Kitchenaid does the work . Less mess . And it is apparent that having a good mix results in better baking.Taking a chance to buy this as a Christmas gift for my wife , she has been thrilled and looks for reason to use it almost daily . Having the right tools also encourages you to stretch out and seek even more exotic recipes and experiment in search of the ultimate loaf . If you enjoy baking , want to reduce the effort and the mess I would encourage this particular model . Bon apetit !
 Great product at a great price , the product came in a timely manner during the christmas season . Brand new and shiny out of the box . Works great .
 Had a KitchenAid that leaked oil and was hesitant to try another one . Got a great price so what the heck . Have used it for bread dough and oatmeal cookies . Has done a good job with both . The motor has a little high whine but not annoying and adding ingredients can be a little messy . Overall pleased with it .
 I got this exact mixer for Christmas and after reaading the reviews I was very nervous about making bread dough in it . I used it a couple times for frosting and batters before using it to make pizza and bread dough . I read that people were upset that it could only be used on a 2 or less . Well all my bread recipes called for a medium low to low speed so I am not sure what the issue is . I have made pizza dough a few times and bread dough often . I love it and have no issues . I admit I think it is a little loud but my mom has the artisan and her 's is just as loud.I would highly recommend this mixer and it made it more awesome that my DH got it for $ 180 after deal of the day plus rebates .
 I could n't wait to unwrap this mixer . It 's really well built and not noisy at all . I work in a restaurant and this mixer is as professional as any of the restaurant equipment . I have already made a dozen things and find excuses to create something . I upgraded from a Sunbeam mixer and I am so glad I did . Do n't hesitate to purchase this mixer , it is the best thing ever .
 Ever since I started watching America 's Test Kitchen , I 've wanted a stand mixer , so I bought this during the Christmas promotions because the price was literally at rock-bottom -LRB- easily 100 dollars less than it is now -RRB- . It arrived promptly and in great shape , but I had n't actually gotten a chance to use it until a couple of weeks ago.I must say that it 's everything I had expected a stand mixer to be , and more . If anything , I think it 's actually a little TOO powerful for my intended purposes - the Artisan series would have served me just as well . But I 'm not at all disappointed with the performance of the Pro . It 's cut down mixing times from 45 minutes by hand -LRB- cookie batter -RRB- to less than 5 minutes . I was so happy with how it worked that I actually baked more items than I had planned to!The speed settings are EXTREMELY powerful on this mixer . A speed of 6 was more than fast enough to work with cookie dough.I 'm actually thinking about experimenting more with this mixer , such as making homemade breads and pizzas , which is n't really what I 'd purchased it for . But if making simple treats is this easy - why not?The icing on the cake -LRB- heh -RRB- was an additional 50.00 rebate on the item , making the total price a mere 150.00 - for KitchenAid 's BEST product . I could n't have done better if I 'd tried!HIGHLY recommended purchase . I love it .
 This is my third Kitchenaid mixer . I have used them almost daily . Thanks Kitchenaid fopr making great products !
 I have used a 5qt . KitchenAid mixer for several years and have been very pleased with the results . Recently I purchased the 600 Professional KitchenAid Mixer and it makes me wonder why I like the 5 qt . so well . But in any event , the Kitchen Aid product is a top of the line appliance , even if it is a small kitchen appliance .
 It huge ! It works great and I can make 4 batches of cookies at one time . Only drawback is that it is so tall it does not fit under the kitchen cabinets .
 Mixes like a dream and has cut my cooking prep time in half , if not more ! How did I ever cook without it ??
 Sadly my Bosch mixer that has lasted for three generations died right before Christmas . In need of a mixer , I have heard nothing but great things about the KitchenAid mixers and their 600 series . It was n't hard to resist purchasing this product with it 's great features and the fabulous discount Amazon had , plus the rebate from KitchenAid . All that combined made for a deal I could n't refuse . I was a little worried about it being shipped , but everything arrived in great condition and rather quickly .
 So far this has been a great mixer . It replaced a 5 Quart Artisan mixer that served us very well and was passed along to our daughter . We got this one because of the volume of Christmas cookies made at our house and cakes , breads and other pastries during the year . Based on how it has preformed so far I feel this mixer will serve us for many years . Color was n't really important to us , since this does n't sit out on the counter , and the Meringue was much cheaper than some of the other colors but it is a nice color and finish .
 this is my second mixer . since i split my time between two states i had previously received my artisan mixer as an amazing gift . i love it so much that my guy sent me the professional as a great gift at my other location . the only difference is how big of a batch do you want to make ? both are great and if you have extra cash on hand ... why not go big ?
 Lots of power , electronic soft start feature is nice . Built like a tank , with high quality materials.Big bowl capacity . Heavy , but to be expected unless it was made out of aluminum or magnesium . We ` lllikely never need another mixer .
 The 6 qt bowl is large enough to use for mixing anything . It is fast and efficient and I love it .
 I purchased this mixer in December . I was one of the luck ones to have gotten it on the Deal of the Day . This is my second one . I received such a good deal , could not pass it up . The mixer is a work horse . I am very happy with this product . KitchenAid is a name and product you can trust as far as I am concerned . Will buy another if needed .
 if you buy this product is because you know is like having an extra pair of hands in your kitchen
 Love this mixer ! Got it for Christmas from DH to upgrade from a lower model that was over twenty years old -LRB- that in itself is a product endorsement as it lasted that long -RRB- . My old mixer was a dull gray and this cayenne pepper is so pretty that I keep it on the counter -LRB- see images in this product listing at the top -RRB- . This machine is a workhorse - very powerful and can hold up to 12 cups of flour -LRB- 8 whole wheat -RRB- . The only thing is the attachments are burnished metal and need to be hand washed -LRB- paddle , whisk , dough hook -RRB- but it is a small price to pay for an object of art that I can leave on the counter .
 Bought this mixer for my wife for her Christmas baking and have used it too many times for my waist line . It gets used every night fixing dinner , and almost every morning fixing breakfast . I love making pizza dough or cinimon roll dough or bread dough with the dough hook , it works great . Best all around mixer we 've ever owned .
 It took me a couple of weeks to decide between the KitchenAid Pro 600 and the Bosch Universal Plus mixers . Ultimately I chose the KitchenAid because I do n't need to make large batches of bread , and I prefer the appearance of the Pro 600 . Once ordered , my new Pro 600 arrived in perfect condition three days sooner than I expected . I 've produced about 20 loaves of great sourdough bread in the last couple weeks . I could n't be happier with my new mixer . I 'd recommend it to anyone interested in a ` serious ' mixer . Looks great , works great .
 Amazon really came through ! I had been watching deals for KitchenAids for a while and wanted to purchase it during their rebate period before 12/31 . This mixer is one of their largest -LRB- 6qt -RRB- and most powerful -LRB- 575watt -RRB- , which is important if you want to make bread or pizza dough or larger quantities of anything . And , the price offered after Thanksgiving was unheard of ! My mom was so impressed that she bought one too after owning her 4.5 qt for 15 years . This mixer is great for almost anything you want to bake . I bought it as a family gift , and my kids -LRB- ages 10 , 8 , and 6 -RRB- LOVE it ! It 's a great way to learn about cooking and have some terrific quality time ! We 've already made Christmas cookies , pizza dough , and pumpkin rolls . It kneads like nobody 's business and my hands are n't even tired ! If you 're even considering it , just keep watching amazon.com for a good deal , and it will come up ! Bon appetit !
 Great great mixer - I am sure it will last forever ... I 've already made twenty different kinds of cookies for the holidays with ease .
 This mixer is amazing . It is very powerful and very easy to use . It can handle a large amount of thick dough and mix it throughly .
 I am pleased with the performance of this mixer . I am most impressed with the number of different optional attachments , their respective ease of use , and the quality of the finished product . In the event you need a great kitchen tool , I do n't believe you could go wrong with this Kitchen Aid utensil .
 This is my first kitchen aid stand mixer and I do n't know how I ever did without it . I absolutely love this mixer it is everything they say not only in looks but performance . It makes baking anything a breeze . The 6 quart mixing bowl is not heavy and has a great handle on it for pouring or scooping batters out . It washes up great in the dishwasher . I know the mixer is made in Ohio and was feeling pretty good to be able to purchase something still made in the USA . I was disappointed that the bowl , although great , is made in India . I do wish the mixer mixing blades and wisps were made out of stainless steel so they could be put in the dishwasher . It just seams strange to pay so much for the mixer , have stainless bowls and inner gears and have some type of metal mixing items that have to be washed by hand . They actually work good and do clean up easy . The Mixer head has a lift action which is nice but I do wish it also had the tilt feature that the lower priced mixers have . All in all Kitchen Aid is a great mixer to invest in . My Aunt sill has her original stand mixer which is 28 years old . IT still looks good and works great . Very good investment for anyone wanting to make baking or doing anything this mixer does easier . I am looking forward to getting some of the attachments for it . You will not be disappointed .
 Wow , love my kitchenAid . my husband has wanted to buy me one for years and i have always told him no . He went ahead and just bought me one . I really did n't think i would use it too much . I was very surprised , i use my kitchenAid all the time . It is simple to use , it does the hard work for you , and i swear the food even tastes better . :-RRB- I have been able to make things i just could n't make with a hand mixer . It is now a must have in my kitchen . everyone who cooks should have one .
 Simply great buy . My wife loves it . Able to do those Top Chef recipes without all the manual labor . Puts a lot more fun in cooking .
 This machine is everything I wanted and more . It handles heavy bread dough with ease and everything goes so much faster than the old mixer I was using . It is very heavy and does not scoot across the counter when running.I would definitely recommend this to anyone who cooks and bakes regularly .
 Kitchenaid currently has a $ 40 rebate for this mixer . You ca n't beat the price ! It works as well as I expected and I 'm having a great time learning all about breadmaking .
 After purchasing my KitchenAid this past year , I ca n't imagine being without it ! Whether I am making bread or pasta dough , preparing meatballs , or whipping mashed potatoes , this mixer does it all.I debated between the 6-quart or a smaller size before ordering and I am happy to have invested a bit more for the larger bowl . If you 're planning on running double or triple batches of your favorite baked good , the larger machine has no problem handling a large amount of dough . I can easily make 55 + cookies after only one mixing session.The KitchenAid also provides a number of convenient speed options that give the chef more control . I tend to only use the highest options -LRB- 9 or 10 -RRB- when whipping frosting for lady locks , Italian knots , or brownies , but it certainly gets the job done ! Otherwise , the lower options are great for slowly mixing heavy amounts of dough or meat.All in all , this mixer has been a huge asset for my kitchen . Not only does it run great , but it looks beautiful ! I highly recommend purchasing a KitchenAid Professional 600 Series .
 I love using my stand mixer . It is easy to use and clean . The only trouble I have with it is remembering to lift the bowl with the leaver before mixing . It does n't hurt the machine it just does n't mix as well when its down . It is also very heavy to move because it is sturdy . I also love the little book they include that has recipes . I tried the pizza dough and loved it .
 I am a fan of KitchenAid products . I own a 5 Quart mixer -LRB- over 15 years old -RRB- now and wanted to upgrade . I used the mixer on the second day after I received it . It is GREAT !! I used the old box to storage my old one which I will pass on to my Son.Also , it is great to own a product that is made in America !!!
 I 've waited years to get my mixer . This was the year to treat myself with my tax return . I wonder why I waited so long . It makes mixing up 4 loaves of bread a cinch . Christmas cookies are going to be a fun experience , like when I helped my grandma mix up all her goodies with her stand mixer , back in the 50 's . I love my pro mixer .
 Got it today , love it . Was n't sure I was going to like the bowl lift , but I do . It will take a little getting used to , having had the other , but I think I 'm going to like the lift and the stability it offers for mixing heavy things.The mixer is powerful , it 's got a great capacity , and it 's beautiful -LRB- bought the Pearl Metallic -RRB- . I 'm just lookng for things to make in it tonight . Already mixed up lasagna filling , think I 'll whip up a batch of cookies after dinner , maybe a cake , and tomorrow I 'll make some bread.I have always loved Kitchenaid . I can remember my mother had one when I was small , and she had the grinder attachment and used to grind beef . Buy this mixer before the end of May and you get a mail in rebate which is for a free ice cream maker attachment . -LRB- There was a guy looking at the mixers with us in the store and he said he loves his ice cream maker attachment . So we 're looking forward to receiving it -RRB- . I have always had wonderful customer service from Kitchenaid . During a move he little knob on the lock handle of my Ultrapower broke off . I phoned them , and they just sent me a new one , free . Then I was storing it on a wire bakers ' rack and lost a little rubber foot . I emailed them and within a week , a set of replacement feet arrived in my mailbox -- free.I also have their 10 speed hand mixer with dough hook , whisk , stirrer , and beater attachments , and I love that and bought a similar one for my daughter -LRB- who , at age 25 , bought her own Kitchenaid stand mixer last month as a housewarming gift to herself -RRB- . If you 're considering this product , you ca n't go wrong . It 's an excellent mixer made by a reliable company that stands behind their products .
 I use this blender all the time and it really delivers . Very easy to use , very powerful , and very reliable . No complaints or issues .
 My D-I-L bakes all the time and absolutely loved this product ! She has wanted one for a while now and right before Christmas , that was a bargain I could not pass up ! Not to mention it is a marvelous item !
 My first kitchenaid mixer first belonged to my aunt . She was a chef for Sunset Magazine . She passed it on to my mother who in turn gave it to me when I got married . It was about 25 years old when it finally went to Kitchen Heaven . My next one lasted 21 years . It is still running . I just wanted the bigger mixer . I believe this one will last just as long . I am hoping that I still have at least TWO more kitchenaids in MY future ! Ha ! This mixer is powerful . I can make double batches of everything without loosing power . My only sadness is that I could never get information from Amazon or Kitchenaid for the promised $ 50.00 rebate . Still , THIS mixer for only $ 250.00 ?! No complaints .
 Waited seven years to purchase one and we have not been disappointed ! It is quiet , efficient and great for double batches of cookies ! Highly recommend !
 after recently being diagnosed gluten and dairy intolerant , I hunted for a kitchenaid stand mixer to make GF breads , etc. . I scoured craigslist , looked at costco , etc. . I found the best price on amazon and am thrilled with this mixer . It is great !
 I got my KitchenAid pro600 at the beginning of December . I have used it quite a bit with the holiday meal and baking . I made 4 batches of cookies at the same time . What a time saver . I absolutely love it . My mash potatoes are like whipped butter . Yum . Best purchase ever .
 My husband bought this for me for Christmas cause he knew how bad I wanted one and for how long . I tell you , money well spent !!!! I love this machine !! This isnt the EXACT color that i wanted but its growing on me and now i think its gorgeous ! I highly recommend the Kitchenaide to any and everyone ! Its quiet , easy to clean , durable and it serves so many other purposes other than just baking . If you are torn between whether or not to buy this ... DO IT , you wont regret it !
 I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my wife and she loves the mixer . She likes to bake cookies and this mixer really helps doing the heavy mixing . It was also great to get the free shipping to Hawaii .
 I bought the KitchenAid 600 6 quart mixer when it went on such a good sale after Thanksgiving . I already had the smaller KitchenAid mixer that I 'd bought several years ago but I found it too small for some of my largest recipes , such as my grandmother 's bread . I love the new mixer . Lowering the bowl rather than flipping the head back makes great sense . It fits under my cabinets just fine . I have plenty of counter space for it too . I can see it being a problem in a small kitchen but I do n't regret upgrading at all . I look forward to using it for many years .
 The previous KA5 mixer was purchased 40 + years ago - a long-lived faithful worker . The KP26 has the advantage of a larger bowl as well as being geared lower so it can start at a very low speed - does n't throw flour everywhere !
 The KitchenAid stand mixer is the gold standard for stand mixers and I was not disappointed . Keep in mind that this is a tall mixer - If you plan to leave it on the counter it will not fit under your hung cabinets .
 I was given the kitchenaid mixer for christmas from my husband and I love it . I looked at all the reviews listed about the poor quality of some but I have had great experiences with mine . I have used it for a lot of baking since I got it and have had no trouble with it . When you use it once you are hooked , it beats mixing by hand anyday .
 I always thought these stand mixers were only for `` serious '' cooks . What I found was they can make you one ! It 's so incredebly easy to make bread , cookies , whip , and mix anything . Cleanup is easy too-the paddle washes so quickly . This model has more power than I 'll ever use . It 's great to just dump the flour in instead of hand mixing . It includes the pouring sheild , paddle , whisk , and spiral bread mixer - all metal . One thing to keep in mind , is for this to be handy , it needs counter space - I would not want to move it as it is heavy . If you like to bake , like homebaked bread , but hate the mess and clean up with only using a hand mixer , or kneading on a table , watch for a sale and buy this ! I wish I did sooner .
 I just love my new Kitchenaid mixer . I 've owned a smaller Kitchenaid for over 30 years and thought and thought about this purchase but finally made the purchase and love it . The machine is a little louder than the old Kitchenaid but is acceptable . I make bread at least once a week and one of my first batches I made a little larger . The machine had absolutely no problem working the dough . The only problem I had was that there was not enough room in the oven for the number of loaves I made . I 've made pizza dough and pie dough and I ended up with delicious dough . I especially like the dough hook because the dough does n't seem to climb up the hook like my old version . Anyway , it was a great purchase and I wished I would have purchased two for my holiday baking marathon .
 this stand mixer is amazing . I recieved this as a gift and could not be happier with it . The power this things packs is amazing . The clean up is a snap , and the manual comes with a lot of recipes to use with your mixer too.Ive made pizza dough with it , and baguettes , pound cake , shortbread , etc. . The spiral dough hook that comes with it works like a charm ! The way it kneads yeast dough is great . No matter what you are mixing , this thing has the power to do it . With nearly 600 watts of mixing power , a 6qt bowl with a capacity of up to 14 cups -LRB- all purpose -RRB- flour , and the attachments that come standard you can start mixing -LRB- and impressing -RRB- friends and family : -RRB-
 Great product , just like the wife uses at Chef school . If you make bread , you ` lll love it as it 's very heavy duty and does n't strain or overheat . It will last a lifetime , and does n't take much more room on the counter than the smaller version , which my wife loved , but it always seemed like it was about to explde when doing large bread batches . This one rocks .
 I have used this model to make Christmas cookies for friends and family for the last 4 years . 26 medium to full sized tins so taking a recipe and quadrupling it was standard . The bowl is huge and will hold such excess -LRB- which is nice -RRB- and the motor is strong enough to power through anything you throw at it . Before this we used to go through one to two hand mixers each year . It 's * very * expensive which is why I am only giving it 4 stars but it is the best . Also ... we had a problem with the original one -LRB- burning smell -RRB- and the customer service folks were excellent . They immediately shipped us a new one and told us to put the old one in the replacement box . They included paid postage for the return and sent the replacement 2 day air . Nice !
 I got this for my wife , as she 's the baker in the house . Our experience prior to this was with a handheld mixer that started showing its age after 10 + years of service . The build quality of the mixer is the first thing that I noticed - it was heavy , felt solid and looked very good in the nickel pearl finish.In the two weeks or so that we 've owned the mixer , my wife has made a bunch of different muffins and date nut bread . I do n't think she 's used a speed faster than 4 , as the mixer appears to be very powerful . Date nut bread dough was very thick and sticky , and was something I used to have to do by hand previously , however , the 600 handled it without a problem.I ca n't speak to the reliability as we have n't had the mixer long enough , however , it does appear to be built well and I hope it lasts a long time . As far as the attachments not being stainless steel nor dishwasher safe , I do n't think it 's a big deal - it 's a couple of minutes worth of cleanup.Overall I would highly recommend this mixer , especially at the Amazon price with the Kitchenaid $ 50 rebate
 Owned the smaller model . Love the capacity , flexibility , and durability of this larger model . I gave the smaller unit to my daughter . I 'll never go back .
 I purchased the KitchenAid Professioinal 600 stand mixer in late November , but did n't use it till after Christmas . It replaced an Oster system that I had purchased many years ago . I am pleased with every aspect of it thus far . It made the Oster look like a hand mixer . I also got two of the attachments at the same time , but have not used them yet . I searched many sites and found that Amazon had the best price at the time . I look forward to many years of service with my new mixer .
 I bought mine in fire engine red ! I named her Sassy , which is short for Sasquatch -LRB- Big Foot -RRB- , as this is a heavy , large appliance . If you think you can move your microwave around when you need to use it , then apply that thinking when you locate your mixer . And you will use it every day ! I donated every food processer part , every blender every other kitchen gadget once I started using this mixer and it 's accessories . -LRB- Oh , except for my Magic Bullet , I will never stop using my Magic Bullet ! -RRB- Together , the two appliances are all you will ever need . Buy them young and you will thank yourself ! If you are already un-young , buy the Kitchenaid 600 right now . For around 1 dollar a day , by next Christmas , it will have paid for itself and you will still have many years to enjoy it . I just finished making 500 Christmas tamales from scratch - usually an arduous task in preparing that much gooey , peanut butter textured corm meal . But , I used the dough hook and the 6 quart steel bowl -LRB- buy an extra , well worth the 50 bucks ! -RRB- and watched Sassy take all the work out of the blending . Two loaves of bread a day , -LRB- OMG - just like mom used to make with none of the work -RRB- , Pecan breakfast rolls to die for ... do I need to go on ? You deserve this appliance . Even my uber thrifty hubby said - I am glad you got it - it 's awesome !
 I upgraded to this latest model after having a lower wattage KitchenAid stand mixer for nearly 20 years . I am a scratch-baker who used the machine several times each week , and the 20-year old mixer still works like the day we bought it . I passed it on it to my good friend who is now thrilled to own it . I am sure this new mixer will be the last one I buy . It works beautifully ! I highly , highly recommend !
 The best stand mixer I had , I love it ! I bought many for gifts . I love the pasta roller , it makes it so easy and fun .
 This is the greatest mixer I have ever owned . I find a use for it everyday . The price was great and the shipping was fast .
 I have had a 4 quart Kitchen Aid mixer for years and have gotten great response from it . The only thing I have replaced is the beater which is covered in a rubbery plastic . It wore through and I had to get another one . I have the six quart mixer and liked it so much I ordered my sister-in-law one for Christmas as well . I do n't think you can beat these mixers and you almost have to include them in your will they last so long .
 Matte black stand mixer , is large but not cumbersome . Noisy but nothing more than a food processor or blender . I did not mind the noise . Made an awesome batch of cookies , and a great home made pasta . Ca n't wait to get some attachements . The stand was delivered quickly . Not much to write yet , but will provide updates as I get more time with the machine .
 I have n't used this mixer too much , but I do like it . I think it has good power and does a good job of mixing things up . The one small regret I have is that the head does not tilt back on it . You have to lower the bowl to add ingredients and I just find it to not be as easy as my old one where the head tilted back . This one is way more powerful then my old one though , so I can live without the tilting head . I 'm sure once I have gotten use to it , I will be happier with it . This is the model I see them all using on the food network shows .
 After owning an avocado green KitchenAid mixer with a smaller mixing bowl for 30 odd years , I finally decided to purchase a newer model with a larger mixing bowl -LRB- 6 quart -RRB- . I gave my still working fine avocado green mixer to one of my children . I can now make a double batch of cookies without any of the batter spilling out over the bowl . The spiral bread hook is fantastic , much better than the older model hook , which was more a `` J '' shape which resulted in the batter riding up the hook toward the mixer 's head . Bottom line , the 6 quart KitchenAid is terrific ! Although the 1st two mixers came slightly damaged , KitchenAid 's response time was lightning quick and I received replacement mixers without any delay or aggravation . I 'd say I 'd buy another mixer again without any hesitation , however , since I had my first KitchenAid mixer for more than 30 years , I doubt that I 'll live long enough to purchase another !! :-RRB- But if I do live that long , it will be another KitchenAid !!
 This is the perfect stand mixer for someone who loves to cook . It 's a heavy duty workhorse and with the attachments available , you can create anything !
 This is my 2nd Kitchen Aid mixer . The first one is about 15 years old and is still in excellent condition -LRB- I put it away for when my daughter moves out -RRB- . I bought the new one because I needed it bigger . I bake a lot and needed something a little more industrious . I absolutely love my new mixer . It is great for larger recipes . I give it a 5 star !! Happy Baking !
 This was a gift x my wife , but i benefit from the great things she prepares with it , the time she saves in it , and the cleanliness of the whole process.I am buying all the accesories , the cover and something to help in making sausages.She intends to make bread , cubcakes , pasta , and a big etc. . .
 i CUT WAY DOWN ON MY COOKIE MAKING BECAUSE IT WAS GETTING TOO HARD TO STIR THE DOUGH . MY HUSBAND LOVES HOME MADE COOKIES -LRB- AND THE DOUGH -RRB- AND NOW I CAN WHIP TOGETHER A BATCH ANY TIME I WANT . AND IT WAS HERE JUST IN TIME TO MAKE CHRISTMAS COOKIES FOR THE FIRST TIME IN YEARS !
 I love this mixer . It 's a bit larger than what I needed , but better to have too much than not enough . It will handle extremely large batches of cookies or bread dough . It easily handles heavy , thick dough . I think I may have preferred the tilt head of the smaller 5 quart mixer instead of the mechanism that raises and lowers the bowl on this heavier duty mixer . This is a machine that deserves the word Professional in it 's product title . I 'm sure this mixer would easily stand up to use in a restaurant kitchen and will last forever here in my house . I ca n't wait to start buying some of the accessories .
 Currently at a 1-star review , because the beaters are hitting the bowl and the adjustment screw is already as low as it can go . It was that way out of the box.We 'll see how Kitchenaid responds . ******************** Kitchenaid 's response
 Loved everything about this product , quality and color , easy to use , would recommend to friends , gave this as a gift and intend on buying one for me
 This is the best mixer money can buy . Anything else your just wasting your money . Amazon 's price ca n't be beat by anyone .
 This is a fantastic unit . Its well build , solid and quite powerful -LRB- incomparison to other lesser models -RRB- . Being able to use a single unit with multiple attachments makes life easier . Amazon has been great . Overall Excellent Product .
 Mixer is excellent . Blends and mixes better than any I 've ever used . Cut my mixing time in half.I know it will save me alot of time in the kitchen
 Crossed this off my bucket list . Have wanted one of these great mixers for years and finally , after building my new kitchen , found it at an amazing price on Amazon . LOVE IT !
 Nice , heavy duty mixer . This is a great upgrade over the lightweight mixer that I was using . I would definetely recommend buying this for the price .
 Batchelor going professional ! Can make almost anything with this magical device . No longer do I have to explain the lumps in the cake or pudding , YUCK!I do n't even have to make anything in it . It is also a piece art that women want to play with!Yeah ... only thing is to make sure you announce that you have one and do n't know how to use it , while your at the grocery store ... hint hint
 This was my first experience with Amazon.com , and I have to say it was a wonderful transaction . The product was exactly as presented by amazon . I could not beat the price anywhere .
 WE LOVE OUR KITCHEN AID MIXER . WE BOUGHT IT AT A GREAT PRICE AND AMAZON WAS GREAT TO WORK WITH . THE FIRST MIXER WAS DELIVERED WITH A BIG HOLE IN THE MIXER 'S CARTON . AMAZON WAS GREAT , THEY DELIVERED THE NEW ONE EVEN BEFORE THE DAMAGED ONE WAS ABLE TO BE PICKED UP . I WOULD RECOMMEND AMAZON TO ANYONE WHO IS RELUCTANT TO BUY ONLINE .
 I gave this for a Christmas present to my daughter . She loves the mixer and uses it all the time . For the price I could n't have purchased a cheaper model . The mixer is attractive and a nice addition to her kitchen . The mixer is also very well made and sturdy .
 I love my KitchenAid 6-Quart mixer . I purchased a 600 series mixer to get the greater `` horsepower '' of the motor . -LRB- This motor can handle my stiff-dough recipes easily . -RRB- I did n't give it a 5-star for three reasons . First , the whip and mixing attachments do n't quite reach low enough in the bowl , so I have to do more scraping by hand than I would like to . Next , because the top does not open up and back like some of the lower models do , I ca n't reach into the bowl very well unless I take the mixing attachment off to do my scraping . Lastly , I do n't like the way it sounds and performs at the lowest speed setting . It sounds like it 's laboring away . I love the Nickel Pearl color . It 's a `` must have '' addition to my newly remodeled kitchen .
 KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , licoriceWe have used 5 times , does a great job , licorice is a flat black , had a hard time finding out the color . Free shipping was great and delivered before scheduled .
 It is my dream to have this in my kitchen . It makes every work in baking so easy . I hope I can have more attachments to help me do more works . I know it is expensive , but if you have big family to feed and love the kitchen magic , you better have this to be your helper . It makes your life much easier and fun .
 This is by far the best mixer of its type on the market . Amazon 's price for this in the Licorice color was the best I have ever seen .
 This is truly the only choice when it comes to someone who is even slightly serious about their cooking/baking prowess . My mother has had the slightly smaller 4 quart size for 25 years and has made countless amounts of cookies cakes and other delightful wonders for I ca n't tell you how many family gatherings . So - this year I finally got my own and I am ecstatic to tell you that same kitchenaid quality construction is still in effect . Yes - Ladies and Gentlemen , it is a tad more expensive than other mixers but you will probably never have to replace it and the amount of different functions that this wonder and its attachments perform is just flat out mindblowing . . I expect to be using this fine piece of machinery long after I have bought and sold my last house . THIS IS WORTH EVERY PENNY ... not to mention that the price I paid on amazon was again a steal and a half ... THANK YOU KITCHENAID FOR STILL MAKING QUALITY A REQUIREMENT !!!
 I received the mixer in mid-December and have tried to put it through its paces in the last three weeks . I have done whole wheat bread , bagels , pugliese , cinnamon rolls and a variety of cakes and cookies -LRB- yep , I 'll be reviewing a treadmill next :--RRB- -RRB- . The mixer has done everything I have asked of it . I have done doughs that have up to 8 cups of flour without any problem -LRB- including the wheat recipe with freshly milled wheat flour -RRB- . The dough hook is simply fabulous and kneads the dough just right.The one time that I worried was when I doubled the cinnamon roll recipe so that it called for 12 cups of white flour . The company rates this machine for up to 14 cups of flour , so I went for it . I got all of the flour into the bowl and got about halfway through the kneading and the mixer overheated and shut off . I waited a couple minutes and turned it back on and finished kneading . I have decided to just limit what I do to about 8-10 cups of flour . If you want a mixer that will do more than that , I would probably go a different direction . For me , to do a couple batches of bread each week for my family , this machine was the best value.One other thing is that for doing a small amount of whipped cream or something , this mixer is overkill . I guess I need to get the 3-qt . bowl and then it would be fine.Overall , I am thrilled with the product .
 I have had my KitchenAid for around 8 years now , maybe longer . I ca n't imagine not having one , as I rely on it for so many of my regular kitchen duties . I make bread dough all the time with it ... and not wimpy dough either , dough that requires 9 cups of flour and makes 2 to 3 loaves of crusty bread . I also have several attachments that make my life much easier . This is a fantastic item , well worth the price !
 Bought this a week ago after much research versus other brands and also versus the Kitchenaid Artisan . We are very happy with our choice . While I 've seen lots of great reviews , I 've also seen negative comments about the Pro 600 being too noisy , too heavy , needing adjustments for the tools to not hit the bottom of the bowl , cutting off quickly while doing dough , and generally not being `` the Kitchenaid your mother had . '' Nonsense ! This new machine is replacing our previous 30 year old version of the old standard tilt Kitchenaid ... a workhorse that still operates just fine but we wanted one to match all our new appliance . The new one weighs about the same , is no louder -LRB- even at the highest speed -RRB- , and works just fine right out of the box , including on loads of dough -LRB- with a nice curved dough hook -RRB- . It also has all metal gears and Kitchenaid 's help line tells me it is actually made by the same company that made the old ones ... Hobart . Regarding the metal hooks versus the white coated ones that come with the Artisan , true they ca n't go in the dishwasher , but they also do n't chip if dropped too hard -LRB- not that we ever chipped the old ones . -RRB- I certainly recommend the Pro 600 as a nice step up in capacity , speed and power from the Artisan , and if bought on sale , not too much more expensive . But the Artisan is n't a bad choice either . And while I see complaints about its gears , Kitchenaid told me they are now all metal except there is a plastic housing around them needed because the head tilts back . I do n't think I 'd be concerned about it .
 Gave this to my wife for Christmas and she loves it . We all use it , takes a very high load and it one heavy piece of machinery . I am so glad that it is made in America . We can compete .
 Look around at the time , even with shipping was the cheapest around ... shipped fast in great condition , just as advertised , and what can I say its a kitchen aid , my Grand Mother had one and it still works ... Plus you can get parts and extras at Lowe 's ... WIN WIN ... Be BlessedLliam
 We have wanted one of these mixers for years but thought they were too expensive . Well , we finally took the plunge during the Christmas sale , and wow ! , are we happy . This is a wonderful mixer . We like it so much that we had to build an island in the kitchen to place it on -LRB- heavy machine -RRB- and can use it there when baking . What a joy ! My only complaint is that I am gaining weight from the results . Well , I guess I will just have to exercise and walk more .
 We are pleased with our purchase . We got the professional 600 in a lovely low gloss pearl white color -LRB- meringue -RRB- . We love the color ... it 's not overpowering like the shiny white or red ones we saw in the stores . . It 's pretty heavy
 I purchased this mixer to replace a smaller model KA . Cakes , cookies , and quick breads have all turned out well . It mixes thoroughly . It will do heavier breads , but it does take a while for it to knead -LRB- and I do mean a while ... -RRB- The lift system works well . I have had no issues with it not mixing the ingredients on the bottom of the bowl . It is louder than my old KA , but it is not too bad.Overall , I am pleased with the mixer .
 The stand moves up and down instead of the top opening up , this limits room a little bit . And it 's very strong , the children always want to help and we 're really careful to use the guard and close supervision as I 'm sure it could take their arm off . I use it for everything - the kneading hook saves me tons of time .
 I recently purchased a Kitchen Aid stand mixer and I have n't used it yet since I am renovating my kitchen . I must say that I am excited to use it because I did my research and this seems to be the best overall mixer in the business . To confirm my findings , I spoke to professional baker and bread maker that runs an artisan type bakery on the south shore of Montreal Canada . He graduated in France and is from Belgium and his breads are so delicious using only natural ingredients no fat no sugar no preservatives , the true artisan bread making method . He told me that the only machine that will give you excellent bread results comparable to the industrial 5000 $ + mixers is the Kitchen Aid . So that was it , I got one for myself and ca n't wait to start making bread in my new kitchen : -RRB-
 Love this thing . It 's an inanimate object , true , but i ca n't help to feel a great deal of affection for a machine that mixes up perfect chocalate chip cookie dough!Granted , i put the ingredients in the mixer ... but they seem like they taste better in the KitchenAid.I have a word of advice , though : DO N'T TRY TO LICK THE BOWL WHILE THE MIXER IS RUNNING!The kitchenaid is strong ... stronger than , say , your fingers.I still make chocalate chip cookies with it ; we call them 9 finger cookies.Enjoy
 WOW ! This machine is a dream ! Powerful , sturdy , good for stiff doughs . Easy to clean and use . I lend it out often to less fortunate foodies .
 I 'm very pleased with the KitchenAid Pro 600 - The bowl is big enough to mix 2 batches of cake batter or frosting . It has numerous speed settings and is easy to clean .
 I 've used the cinnamon colored beauty several times a week since it came to live on my kitchen counter in March . But my KitchenAid stand mixer has never gotten more use than it did for Thanksgiving . It mixed and kneaded my dinner rolls . A quick rinse and it was combining the ingredients for pecan pie . Then it was whirling my sweet potatoes into a gooey mess with cream cheese and brown sugar . The next day , a few seconds on speed # 2 and I had perfect smashed potatoes . And the grande finale was whipping up the heavy whipping cream to put on top of pie . One of the best parts of using a stand mixer is being able to do something else at the same time . Wow . I actually left the room while my whipping cream was getting thick . With a hand mixer , I 'd have to stand holding the mixer for a very long time , scraping the bowl , constantly switching hands because my arm would get tired . Not so with the KitchenAid stand mixer ! And my husband was impressed with the cream . He said it stood at attention.Acquiring my mixer has a history . When I first married my wonderful husband 14 years ago , I wanted one . I saw them in stores and in ads . But they were too expensive . Then I started to hope I 'd find one at a garage sale . I found lots of other great deals , but never a mixer . Then I opened up my paper and saw a great feature article on bargain hunting at garage sales . There in the photo spread was a huge picture of the small appliance I always wanted . This reporter , probably never having been to a garage sale before in her life , found MY mixer that I had been searching for over the course of 10 years and in 3 states . Life was definitely not fair . On one of my morning hunts , I hopped out of the van and spotted a kitchen aid stand mixer box under a table . I walked , almost ran , to grab the box before anyone else saw it . But the contents were not the same as what the box advertised . This lady had just bought a new mixer like I wanted , and was getting rid of her very old one of a different brand in this new box . I was so not interested and so very disappointed once again . Oh well.Then my husband decided he was going to buy me one . I do n't remember if it was for my birthday or Christmas or whatever . He just wanted to know what model and color I wanted , so I told him . But then when he went to the store , he decided it was too big to stay on our kitchen counter and it was too heavy to store away and get out when I needed it . Oh well . He was right . Our counter space was so limited that we did n't even keep our microwave in the kitchen.This spring we remodeled the kitchen with counter space galore and when the kitchen was all done , I ordered a stand mixer from Amazon and got it the next day . I love this mixer !!
 Es lo mejor en ayudante de cocina que he tenido me sirve para trabajar mis masas de reposter&iacute;a y pasteler&iacute;a la recomiendo al 100 %
 KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel PearlVery happy with this product . Make dough for a family receipe and had an old mixer that gave out . I am nearly 70 years young and need a good mixer to help me make my dough . Was very happy with the kitchen aide .
 It is excellent . Previously I had a refurbished 6 quart , which I loved but when I moved to a new location I left it with the new pastor who treasures it enormously . I got it cheaper from you than any other vendor on line or at any department store . It arrived on time and in mint new condition . I love it and use it each week to make cakes , which is a speciality of mine . Because of its size , I can do double recipes . It was wonderful to have for Christmas baking . Lowell Case
 We are pretty pleased with this mixer . My wife 's only complaints are that it is a little difficult to remove the mixing tools because you have to do it before you take the bowl out and the tools that come with this model are not dishwasher safe . The bowl is so big that we tend to wash it by hand anyway , so we just wash the mixing tools while we are at it.I chose this model because with the sale price and the rebate it was only a little more than the entry level model , but it has almost twice the power . So far , we have been thinking of recipes to use it , but I hope that after awhile it becomes second nature to use it for lots of things.I am also excited about all the attachments available . That should make it even more useful and keep it exciting and fun . Overall , we have been pleased so far .
 I use it everyday , before buying it I was worried about the `` annoying sound '' and many other things . But I have had no problems , the noise is n't that bad and I have had great results from everything I have tried to cook or bake !
 I absolutely love my kitchenaid mixer . In the short time I have had it I have made Cinnamon rolls from http://thepioneerwoman.com/2006/12/cinnamon_rolls_.html , focacci bread , pizza dough , chocolate chip cookies , sausage cheese balls twice and they have all come out delicios and so easy , peasy . In fact I have mixed up the cinnamon rolls again this morning . I am waiting for the dough to finish rising before I roll them out . If you want to do any kind of quanity of baking get this mixer.You wo n't be disappointed !
 This mixer will handle practically anything the average home baker can throw at it ! Great bargain !
 I wanted a heavier duty mixer than the one I previously had -LRB- KitchenAid 500 -RRB- . I just loved my older one , but I needed more power and the ability to handle more volume ; my kids fight over who is going to use the mixer first when they are making cookies . The KitchenAid 600 professional stand mixer is great .
 My wife had been asking for this addition to her kitchen for several years . Having grown up with one in her mother 's home , she knew its utility and has been ecstatic ever since it arrived . This has been and should continue to be a great addition to the kitchen stylings of a family that likes to bake and try new recipes .
 This is my first kitchenAid and I love it . I was looking at another model and this was such a good deal I ended up with this one and I 'm glad I did . I would recommend this to anyone . Made my baking so easy , over 30 dozen cookies and lots more goodies . For me this is a great machine .
 I absolutely love my kitchen aid 600 series mixer . I got it for an unbeatable price which makes it even better !
 I had the use of a similar model several years ago so I knew I wanted the style where the bowl could be raised instead of the other kind where the head tilts . I 'm so pleased with this mixer . Bread dough is no problem and it makes creamy mashed potatoes . It was my Christmas present to myself last year and I do n't regret it one bit !
 This mixer is a champ . Baking has become a much easier and enjoyable task with this KitchenAid stand mixer . When you first get this mixer , you can feel the material is heavyweight and durable . The 6-quart bowl is big enough for all of my baking needs . The attachments scrape the entire bowl to get an even mix . The motor is able to keep up when mixing dough.I was hoping that the top would lift up as I have seen on other mixers , but the bowl is able to be raised and lowered by a handle of the side . The bowl also takes a bit of force to get it off of the arms . Other than those concerns , I have had absolutely no issues with this mixer .
 I like this mixer for it 's capacity - it easily holds 3 cake mixes . The motor is a little loud , much more that my smaller -LRB- tilt head -RRB- kitchenaid . My 2 complaints are you ca n't get the bowl off without removing the paddle & that gets a bit messy - we are a bakery & actually use this repeatedly . And , # 2 the paddle is definiely cheap . It seems to mix good though & I bought it for about $ 250 with a $ 40 rebate -LRB- yet to be seen -RRB- . So , for around $ 200 , I do n't think you can go wrong . I would never buy this for over $ 250 though - I would rather have a tilt head one .
 Just received my kitchenaide mixer and absolutely love it , got a great deal on this professional 600 series . Wanted to grind my own meat due to the pink slime thing going on , I also bought the grinding attachment . We first whipped up some heavy cream and could n't believe how quick it did it and how lovely it turned out , have n't used the grinder yet but hope to buy some organic beef at the weekend to make our own hamburgers . I had heard that some people were not liking the noise but to me that is not a problem , what machine doing a good job does not make a noise . I have wanted a kitchenaide mixer for such a long time but really could n't justify spending all that money . I am so happy this good deal came along and I now have one , my daughter saw it and put first dibs on it . Once again I 'm pleased with my purchase so far .
 This is just such a great tool in my kitchen ~ I bake around 10-15 loaves of bread every Friday and this handles them all so well ! I was doing them all by hand and this has cut time , energy and mess down so much ! One of my recipes calls for 8 cups of flour and is a pretty stiff dough , this does great . I have n't once had a problem with the mixer stopping during the kneading stage or getting hot and sometimes I do let it knead for up to 5-10 min while I prep pans or take care of baby ! I just mixed up a recipe that took over 11 cups of flour in a really wet dough and again it did wonderfully ! It 's so nice to be able to start it and walk away for a few minutes ! The lift bowl design is great and super easy to use ! The bowl is nice and sturdy and as I purchased the covers for it as well , it 's easy to bring from one place to the other . I 've made lots of cookies with it as well . I really ca n't say anything negative about it , it 's a blessing to have in my kitchen that 's for sure !! If you 're a big baker or a mom with a big family , go for it ! It 's awesome !
 I received the KitchenAid pro mixer for my 60th birthday . I had an old model of a different type before this . I can not tell you how much easier this is to use . I love how easy it is to change the different mixing devices . I love the deep bowel that is securely fastened in place . I have made bread recipes and mixed different mixes in it . I love the different speeds and how it slowly goes up in strength instead of just 2 or three settings . I have given it a bread recipe with 8 cups of flour and it has no problems at all kneading it . I had given my daughter and daughter in law ones years ago and it was their rave reviews that made me want one . I wish I had n't waited so longl
 I received this mixer for my birthday in June . We make a lot of whole grain bread -- so that 's why we got this heavy duty style . Overall , we love this mixer . We make about 2 loaves of whole wheat bread a week , granola and other quick breads too . Around the holidays we used it once or twice a day . I do n't know how we lived without it . It makes everything easier . The only negative was that I could not mix up an egg , or a small batch of something because the mixer blade was too far from the bowl . We made a minor adjustment and it was better . Then , in January , 7 months after the purchase , we were making whole wheat bread and smoke came pouring out of the mixer . I just called Kitchen Aid and they asked a few questions to understand the problem -- and without blinking an eye they said they were sending me a new stand mixer and supplying return postage for our current mixer . They were really nice about it .
 I bought this mixer as a refurbished unit from one of the other online vendors . Let me let you in on a background here : I 've owned and used KitchenAid stand mixers for more than 20 years now . I 've used the Artisan and Classic line of mixers , both antique and modern . They have always impressed me greatly . In fact my mother has owned hers for close to 30 years and she has never had a service issue with it.I bought this mixer refurbished because I could get the `` best '' that KitchenAid has to offer for home kitchens for only a few dollars more than I could get the Artisan line , plus I want to get more into baking pies , cakes , cookies , brownies , and things like that . I figured that the larger bowl would help me to accomplish all of that.The motor is powerful ! I make large batches of bread dough in it and it never slows down . One reviewer complained that the motor gets hot and has a safety switch to shut it down if it gets too hot . That 's a good thing , actually . It 's a safety feature that will prevent a motor from burning itself up . To date I 've never had an issue with the motor getting too hot or with the cover becoming uncomfortably warm , and that includes making bread dough.Things to watch out for
 We purchased this mixer to replace my mother 's 30 year old Kitchenaid mixer.My only concern was whether they had replaced the plastic gear box with the metal one . This seems to be the only real failure point . I opened the top of the mixer when it came and verified that the gear box is indeed metal . My mom loves the mixer .
 I decided to step up from the tilt top 4 qt kitchenaid I 'd had for 15 years , since I 've been baking bread regularly and was worried about overtaxing the motor . I have to admit I 'm ambivalent about this monster , although it was highest rated by Cooks Illustrated.It 's a lot noisier , and seems to be struggling more kneading 6 cups of flour that the old one . There 's even a burning smell . It 's not as convenient to access as the tilt head . Given it 's weight it 's more of a bother to move around on the counter . And it really ca n't whip up small quantities -- like 1-2 egg whites , despite adjusting the clearance . We 'll see how I grow into it .
 I had my Artisan for two years and finally wasted the gearing doing too many pizza doughs . I upgraded to the 600 not only to get a larger stand mixer but to get away from the Nylon gearing used in the Artisan series . I 'm not the biggest fan of having to drop the mixer attachments into the bowl in order to remove them , but considering the alternatives , I 'm willing to take the hit . The cuisinart is a solid machine however the bowls are too deep and impossible to scrape down . The only negative I 've read about this machine is that it is loud and relatively in-efficient . Although it is loud , I do n't usually expect to be in the kitchen and not be making any noise . In regards to power consumption , it does take more power , but you have more loss due to the drive-train being metal vs. nylon and it does provide more torque for larger batches . I have successfully been able to knead double batches of pizza dough -LRB- 4 cups bread flour , 1 1/2 c h20 , yeast , sugar , Olive oil , salt -RRB- without any issues . Keep in mind you do have to knead for 15-20 minutes despite some people mentioning kneading for too long . Regardless of doing bread doughs or not , this mixer still stands up to the test . The only other issue I ever had with my Artisan aside from the nylon gearing is that the pin holding the tilt head to the base would push itself out after 6 + minutes of kneading meanwhile slowly jumping around the counter . I am so happy with my Pro-6 and I 'm sure I will continue to be for years to come .
 What can I say KitchenAid makes awesome mixers . After a hurricane wiped out my old mixer which was the smaller version I did some searching and found this beauty . I love love love it ! I also got it just in time to get the free ice cream bowl rebate from KitchenAid as well .
 I got my Professional 600 for Christmas . I 've had a KitchenAid stand mixer for about 15 years and the comparison is staggering . The 600 has done everythng I 've asked it to do very , very well . It does incredible breads plus large amounts of everything else . I wish I had purchased it long ago .
 large , heavy , loud , and did i mention heavy ? you probably wo n't use this for everyday mixing jobs , so keep your old hand mixer .
 I have had my KitcheAid mixer for over 12 years , and believe me it has had its share of use ; I bake almost everyday . This mixer gives me the versatility of being able to move around my kitchen while it does the work of mixing and grinding and kneading . While it does its work , I clean up and prepare other ingredients . This Christmas my daughter-in-law asked for one for her gift . I was glad to get it for her , selfishly knowing that my son was soon to get some great tasting baked goods.Here is the link : KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl
 A friend suggested I buy the large/strong professional model and I 'm glad I did . It looks great and does so many things .
 I have always wanted a KitchenAid mixer . My mother had one that must have lasted over 30 years - and she used it a lot ! I gifted myself with the Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer for Christmas . Arrived Christmas Eve - thank you very much . It is gorgeous - but BIG ! I did n't realize quite the size so if you order one , I would suggest you take a look at one in the store and decide where you will keep it on your kitchen counter . Too gorgeous to stuff away in a cabinet . I have n't used it yet , but I certainly will - and soon . For the price here at Amazon , I doubt seriously if that can be beat . ; -RRB-
 We purchased this mixer for our daughter as a Christmas gift and were so pleased to see the great deal . She was delighted and obviously surprised with her gift when she opened it tonight . I would recommend it to anyone seeking a high end stand mixer . We anticipate many wonderful and delicious treats prepared by this mixer . It was a gift for her but the family will definitely reap the rewards .
 Everyone should have one of these mixers . What ? You should buy a kitchenAid mixer because they are the best and highest quality .
 KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixerwe upgraded to this mixer from a smaller kitchen aid.we love it , works super
 I absolutely love my new mixer . It has taken a bit of getting used to because of it 's size , but it is simple to use .
 Great mixer . I use it in a commercial kitchen of a country club -LRB- even though warranty does not allow ... -RRB- and every commercial kitchen I 've ever worked in uses Kitchen Aid Mixers for everything under 6 quarts .
 So far I love this machine !! I used it for my Christmas baking and it was great !! I was able to mix 2 and 3 batches of cookies at once and the 6 qt . bowl still had room ! What a pleasure ! I 'm looking forward to trying all different types of recipes and seeing what this machine can really do ! I 'm very pleased .
 Very nice very high quality mixer . Daughter ca n't wait to get all the attachments .
 I received my kitchenaid mixer and have used it several times and I am very happy with it so far . Hopefully mine is not one with the plastic gear box . I got it on 12/18/07 so it is still very new . But for the great deal price wise I feel it was a very good buy .
 This item was not suppose to ship until after the new year due to back order , however it arrived the beggining of Dec. and was here to work for me during the Holidays . It is SUPERB !! Thanks for the excellent service.Sincerely , Vikee Reid
 This is a powerful mixer that makes baking an easy task . For example , it effortlessly kneads cookie dough and pizza dough.It is a little heavy to lift because of the powerful motor and weight of the stand . Worth its weight in gold though!Recommend it highly for anyone who takes baking seriously and wants a mixer that can easily do any job they need done.The cinnamon color , by the way , is very attractive .
 I have been wanting this product for a long time . As a chef I can only say , I only want the best and biggest ! I had to cater a wedding for my girlfriends son . I made 200 stuffed little red potatoes . So , for a first test it held up real well . I filled the bowl to full capacity , three times . The machine held up well ! Not bad for a first test . The the only reason I gave it 4 stars , was because I have only used it once ! I had read some negative reviews , so I was hesitant to buy it at first ! The only thing I did n't care for , was the fact that it has a slight delay when turning it on . I know this is a built in safety feature , but Im used to a 1950 's model . That 50 's model is still in use today . That 's why I bought this in the first place !
 KitchenAid KP26M1XLC Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , LicoriceReplaced an old Oster mixer with this one & my wife loves it . Lots of power & easy to use . A good buy !
 bought this for my wife figured more power is better , right . well it is . now she lets me buy all the kitchen electronics . -LCB- i like to cook also , -RCB- . not to mention i love kitchen aid electronics .
 we use this for bread and pizza dough mostly . It works great . I 'm glad because I would freak out if I had the problems others have had .
 I have used a 200 watt Sunbeam egg beater type since the late 70 's and it finally gave-up . Never could use it for heavy cookie doughs or bread dough - had to do it all by hand . This KitchenAid -LRB- Model
 UPDATE :12 / 10/08 - Have used this a lot since it arrived ! Have made bread , cookies , cakes , frosting - wow ! Makes every recipe easy-breezy ! I have even begun to like cooking again . LOVE IT ! Am now ordering another for a Christmas gift ! Amazon has the best price too!I ordered this on 11/18 and received it on 11/20 ! I lucked out and got it for $ 269 , free shipping ! Wow ! I just made a loaf of bread and a bunch of cloverleaf rolls - could n't have been easier ! This is the model to buy ! It can handle breadmaking with ease . I am now looking forward to making tons of Christmas cookies and sweet breads - we are all going to get fat this season ! I especially like the large dough hook . The attachments are easy to put on and the bowl lift is easy to use as well . I was afraid this would be too much machine for me , but it is surprisingly easy to use . I find the construction to be very solid . Overall , a 5 star purchase ! Thanks Amazon for great pricing and super , super fast shipping !
 I 've had this mixer over 6 months now , and it works beautifully.I appreciate the automatic shut off , and slow start feature that protect the motor from overload.I work with whole grain breads regularly , and this machine powers right through mixing and kneading larger batches with ease.The only drawback I could note is that it is quite loud compared with my smaller Kitchen Aid mixer , but hey , it works much harder , too . : -RRB-
 I was worried because some reviews talked of a part breaking when mixing bread , but further research showed that KitchenAid had fixed that problem . I have owned my KitchenAid for 8 months , made countless whole grain breads and I love it ! Had a problem with the dough hook releasing , but called KA and they had me fix it with a drop of oil-and they were so nice . What a great company !
 I recently purchased the KitchenAid 600 series mixer and was thrilled . It performs with lots of power even when kneeding bread . It is easy to use and clean-up is a snap . I am glad that I purchased the professional 600 over the smaller mixer and use it more than I thought I would . Great buy .
 I love this mixer . My grandmother bought me one for Christmas almost 5 years ago . I love to bake and it makes mixing cake and pie batters so easy . I use it all the time . Especially around hoidays . I do n't have any attachments yet , but I 'm looking into the pasta roller . The only qualm I have with the machine is it is a little loud .
 Watching the ease with which this mixer whipped through a very heavy peanut butter cookie batter convinced me that , should I need it , I could probably move it into my workshop and whip up a batch of Portland Cement . I 'm sure KitchenAid would highly recommend not doing that , but my point is that this is a monster of a machine , and we 're looking forward to challenging its capacity for years to come . The early returns are stellar as its performance is excellent .
 What a joy it was this year making Christmas cookies . The dough was ready in no time . The only thing is that I wish I would have paid more attention to the ad and realized that the top of the mixer does not tilt . I miss that feature . But all in all a great product .
 I have wanted a KitchenAid Mixer for so long but never could afford one . This one was bought for me for Christmas and I just love it ! I was in the restaurant/bar business for nearly 20 years and there was always one of these in the kitchen at work . I could n't be happier . Getting ready to by the accessory pack now .
 This mixer does everything that I had hoped and more . I got it for Christmas and have already made homemade bread and cookies - the mixer does all of the hard kneading and stirring for me . My husband is so happy because he gets homemade bread and cookies more often now . My next experiment is to make meringue . I could never get it firm enough with my old mixer so I just quit trying.Thanks KitchenAid ! You have made my work in the kitchen so much more pleasant !
 First off had no idea this mixer was so large , an exceptional value , cost same as the smaller one threw amazon with the -LSB- ... -RSB- rebate , that was the result for buying this model . The head does not tilt back due to the size alone which scared me first when we unpacked it wondering if it would fit on the counter top under the cabinets . To our amazement had about a inch and half to spare but surely no room for a tilt head like the smaller version . Wished then we bought the smaller one but after using it the fact remains the power this product has is unmatched by any mixer we had ever experienced . So bottom line it was a clever buy for value and for sure power to do just about any job . The product is still too new to tell you if it holds up but I think that the size and power alone will answer that question for it will be a lifetime tool in the kitchen which will probably out last both of us . One thing to remember , no job to big for this unit , this 6 quart mixer is some what a over kill but when you need the extra power and size one has it no question about it .
 This is possibly the best purchase I have ever made ! Life in the kitchen has becomeso very easy . I recommend this product to anyone , do not hesitate to purchase it , wellworth it .
 I was so excited when I ordered my mixer , I 've always wanted one , and I was not disappointed when I got it . It made my baking and cooking for the holidays so much easier . Now I ca n't wait to order more attachments .
 Bought the KitchenAid 600 proseries for my stepson , who is in culinary school . He absolutely loves it and finds as many ways as possible to use it . I got an unbelievable price on it at Amazon.com -LSB- ... -RSB- and could n't be happier with my purchase . Thanks Amazon !!!
 i 've never written a review before because if it works , i 'm happy . all i have to say about this mixer is that THIS is the one all of the others want to be when they grow up ! i 'm a true foodie , always making things in the kitchen and this is the only mixer i 've met that can truly keep up with me no matter what i throw at it.LOVE IT !!!!!!
 I 've owned a Kitchenaid 4.5 quart for over 30 years and planned on buying the 6 qt when mine went to mixer heaven . Could n't resist the sale price on the 6 qt .
 This is a great mixer . I bought it because I wanted to make bread , but hated the kneading . Ten to twelve minutes of kneading bread goes on forever . Because of this I seldom made bread . With this mixer , making bread is a snap . I have had the mixer for about 2 weeks and in that time I have made 20 loaves of bread -LRB- been giving fresh bread to everyone I know -RRB- . With the mixer , the kneading time is about 1 minute and the bread is the best I have ever made . I do n't think I will buy another loaf of bread - making it is so easy now with this mixer .
 I am more pleased with my Kitchen Aid Professional Stand Mixer than I can express . It is by far the best investment I have ever made , it is my favorite kitchen appliance that I have ever owned . It is powerful , extremely efficient , easy to clean and makes double batches of cakes , brownies and loaves of bread at one time as well as thoroughly whips butter , meringues and it is so versatile with all of the wonderful attachment options . I have 5 kids and saving time is very important to me , so when I can mix quicker , double up my batches , and clean up easily , it is worth every nickel spent . I would definitely buy this product again , and if anything ever happens to my unit , I will be buying another to replace it immediately . I recently bought all of the separate attachments and am looking forward to trying those out very soon . I have only had my stand mixer for less than a month and I have used it more than 10 times already and I have no intensions of slowing down , I am cooking and baking everything under the sun !
 This mixer is attractive , well designed , and a joy to use . I was expecting a little more from the legendary kitchenaid as the mechanism is n't as silky and tight as a high end product should feel but it is still functions great and is a bargain for the price . The whisk attachment arrived defective but a quick phone call had a good one at my door in a week . All in all I would definitely buy one again .
 I simply love the way this machine tackles anything I put it through . It has always performed the way it was supposed to . BUY IT , YOU WO N'T REGRET IT !
 This is the perfect size machine and has incredible power ! It makes whipped cream in about a minute without even chilling the bowl . I find myself looking for things to cook just so I can `` play with my mixer '' . I got it for Christmas last year and felt like a kid again . I am totally in love with my mixer , and I recommend it to anyone . You will be glad you splurged if you get this !
 I had a Kitchen Aid mixer for over 30 years and loved it . When it was time to replace it , I knew I wanted another one ; only a bigger bowl -LRB- even though my previous one was large for its time -RRB- . I chose empire red as I love that color . I 've only had time to use it a couple times ... for banana bread and a yeast whole wheat bread . Worked great so far .
 My husband had wanted such a stand for many years . We had just remodeled our kitchen and now had the space for it . As it is one of the larger KitchenAids , I knew it would be on the counter most of its life -LRB- it is heavy -RRB- and thus chose the color to go with our new stainless steel appliances which it does well . We have had it for over a year and we have used it several times to make bread and pizza dough , and cookie and cake dough . Over time I have been buying him accessories for it . It has worked well and we have had no problems . It was an investment but my hope is it will last for a very long time .
 I love my KitchenAid . It is the best appliance ever . The bowl is big enough and the motor is plenty for a most anything you may need one to whip up.I have made bread , pasta , cakes , mashed potatoes and many other things.I have had it for about four years now and have never had any problems with the motor or any other aspect of the machine . I would highly recommend getting this KitchenAid .
 I 'm in love with this mixer ! I just upgraded from a 15 year old hand-me-down kitchenAid mixer and it still worked great . But this one is bigger so I can make bigger batches . I make whole wheat bread and it mixes like a champ ! My only complaint is if you try to half a frosting recipe it does n't mix the very bottom of the bowl very well . But I love it !
 This mixer is very good - and heavy . It wo n't be walking off the counter . I wish the beater bar was stainless so it could go in the dishwasher .
 I bought my kitchenAid mixer to replace my bread machine that I have used almost weekly for ten years . Also , for baking cookies , etc. . I used an old -LRB- as in 30 to 40 years -RRB- Sunbeam mixer like my mother used to use . So I actually have replaced two machines with one . I simply love my new mixer . It effortlessly mixes and kneeds the bread dough . It easily handles mixing double batches of cookies . If I had to have a complaint about it , it would be that sitting on my kitchen counter , it barely fits under my kitchen cabinets . Could n't be happier !!!
 I love this product . I already have one and I bought this one for my sister . The best thing I like about it is kneading the dough for Indian bread -LRB- roti -RRB- . Easy to use and easy to clean . Expensive but worth spending .
 My KitchenAid 600 mixer is terrific ! It is superduty and looks great on my counter . The price was a bargain !
 I almost bought a smaller tilt head model but after reading a few reviews i chose the professional 600 series . based on those reviews i am sure i made the right decision . what a machine ! i was worried because i make alot of dough and need good machine . it has performed masterfully . i have make bread , doughnut and fritter doughs . i have also made cakes and frosting . i am so pleased . ca n't say enough . happy happy happy . my only advice is that if you are unsure pop the extra bucks . this machine is worth it .
 I 've owned a classic kitchenaid mixer for 10 years , loved it but wanted to upgrade so that I could make bread , triple and quadruple batches of cookies etc. . More power and a bigger bowl is what I wanted and what I got with this machine . My family has grown larger , I want to bake in larger quantities . I took advantage of the fabulous cyber monday deal , could not be happier ! I got my rebates back quickly . After reading some of the reviews I was concerned that maybe I would get a lemon that would whimp out on me ! I 've been using it almost daily for the last 8 weeks , it 's made it through all my holiday baking , in addition to normal daily use -LRB- I cook most everything from scratch -RRB- . My classic model made a lot more noise then this has , it never heats up and I have never had any type of smell/smoke coming from it . I just mixed up 2 loafs of whole wheat sandwich bread -LRB- that 's 8 cups of wheat flour which is thicker then white -RRB- and it did a GORGEOUS job ! LOVE LOVE LOVE the dough hook ! Wow ! My dough was ready so FAST ! I used speed 2 as instructed , that was plenty of power . I have zero complaints about my purchase here on amazon , I could n't be happier about the low price I grabbed this at . I think perhaps more people take time to write a review when they are not happy ... I just thought I 'd take the time to add my 2 cents , I love it ! Great purchase ! Oh and I do n't have to stop and scrap the bowl on this , like I did on my classic model unless I 'm mixing a small quantity .
 We had been using a 1970s Sunbeam chrome mixer that belonged to our parents to make pizza dough for our family . We were looking for something else because the Sunbeam would only make a batch of pizza dough with 8 oz . of water . Also , the old Sunbeam did not knead the dough very well . Our Mom has a KitchenAid Artisan she likes very much . She gave us the money to buy ourselves an Artisan for Christmas . We made a test batch of pizza dough using her Artisan , and we were satisfied with the dough . However , we had read that the spiral dough hook does a better job kneading dough than the Artisan 's C-hook . Also , the Artisan model we were looking at did not come in copper color to match our kitchen 's copper sinks and fixtures . After reviewing our options online , we chose the KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart mixer in copper pearl . We absolutely love the color ; it matches our kitchen fixtures perfectly . The mixer is heavy but easy to use . Ours sits out on the counter all the time and looks great . It easily makes a batch of pizza dough with 16 oz . of water . The dough rolls and folds , much like hand-kneading , without having to stop and scrape the sides . Because of the way the mixer kneads , it makes a really good pizza dough . Ours has not gotten hot at all while kneading dough . We are very pleased with this purchase and would recommend this mixer to anyone .
 Ladies ... I bought this for my wife over a year ago and she tells me that it is better than a silver bullet !! J -
 I like the Pro 600 better than the Classic I previously used . It has it 's strengths in most kitchen tasks , but it is still not quite up to my expectations when making a double batch of bread dough . I expected the motor/transmission to be quieter under load with less vibration , and though it does complete the job , it 's noisy and stressed . I bought this on a one day sale for around $ 220 with rebate , a fantastic deal ! Price considered this is a good mixer and easily does the other kitchen mixing jobs I have .
 Making bread is so easy now ! I use my mixer for mashing potatoes , whipping up dips , kneading bread ... and so on ! My husband is loving all the new recipes I 'm trying and I 'm loving how easy it has become to try them.I will be purchasing a meat grinding , pasta making , and citrus juicing attachment for it soon .
 This is my KitchenAid Professional mixer . The first one works just fine , but I bake a lot and sometimes I need two machines on the line . The variety of speeds makes it work for amy job you might have . I use this machine for mixing up hamburgers , my secret bbq sauce recipe , rolls , cakes , breads , etc. . On valentines day I used my mixer to make 12 dozens rolls for a local church . It 's just a great machine .
 I have owned it for a while now and am completely happy with it . I will never buy another mixer again - this one will last my lifetime !
 What a bargain !! I have wanted one of these for many years but did not want to part with the retail price . I saw this on `` amazon '' and it was far more reasonable that any where else . When it included free shipping I decided it was mine . I can now bake and cook with ease because this does everything that had to be performed manually before . The color was listed as Meringue but in all reality it is a beautiful white .
 I made butter in no time flat , much faster than my old Sunbeam -LRB- which I liked too , do n't get me wrong -RRB- and my hand-mixer . I made two recipes already from the book it comes with , the peanut butter and the sugar cookies . Both were perfect!I 'm so glad I have my mixing-beast !
 Great mixer ! Takes up a lot of room on the counter but it 's a good incentive to use it !
 You ca n't go wrong with the Kitchenaid Professional 600 Series 6 quart mixer ... I highly suggest to anyone that ca n't decide between the smaller 4.5 and 5 quart models to get the 6 quart ... you wo n't be sorry . This bowl has a large capacity to handle double and triple recipes ! My family and I are enjoying all the benefits this mixer has provided ... Baking time has been cut in half , my 10 year old kids can use the mixer ... and our mashed potatoes have never been creamier !!! Clean up is a cinch with the stainless steel accessories !!! Enjoy !
 Got this for Christmas and could n't be happier . What can you say - it 's a KitchenAid and performs well . Easy to use but it is solid so you ca n't just grab it up & move it fast .
 I have had my Kitchen Aid mixer for about a month now . I have used it several times to make bread . I love it . It does all of the work for me . I have n't tried all of the accessories yet , but if they work like the dough hooks , I will be quite pleased . The price on this mixer was amazing . Thanks Amazon.com .
 Received my new KitchenAid 600 Professional Series Stand Mixer last week . I would give it 5 stars if it were n't for this mixer being UNABLE to scrape the bowl AT ALL on the sides . Do you know just how important that is when you are making Divinity ? Needless to say , the flavor was great but it was wayyyyy too dense and not even close to being the right texture though recipe was followed to the `` T '' . Anything that whipped pretty much went to the bowl sides and just stayed there , hardened like rock candy . My heart dropped . That was going to be a gift to someone so my mixer not doing the most simplest of job was disheartening.Second recipe was butter cookies from my long-time favorite recipe archive . I 've made it for years using a hand mixer . Same thing ... . beaters do not touch sides of bowl . At least with this type of recipe , I was able to stop beating in the middle , take off beater , then use spatula to scrape the bowl . With Divinity though , if you stop beating to scrape the bowl the sugar turns to rock candy , literally ! I wish KitchenAid sold some type of bowl scraper that would clip-on the inside of the bowl and continuously scrape what you 're mixing so this design flaw could be remedied . The mixer blades are way too wide to even remotely have room to slip a scraper in there while the bowl is turning . We have adjusted the screw to bring the blade to it 's lowest possible and still no remedy to side-bowl scraping while mixing . Boo !!! I 'm still forced to use my hand mixer for every single recipe that does not allow you to stop mixing to scrape , like Divinity .
 I wanted one of these for SO LONG and finally got one for Christmas of ' 09 , in a gorgeous semi-matte white color called Meringue . Let me tell you - it is PHENOMENAL !! I have made everything from bread dough to cookies to gallons of buttercream and have had absolutely no problems . It has never jumped or moved around on the counter like some others have stated , nor has it made strange noises of any kind . It powers right through everything I throw at it . And it looks absolutely beautiful sitting on my counter when not in use , although it JUST BARELY has room to slide under the upper cabinets . I literally could n't fit a piece of paper in between them and the top of the mixer , so if you are thinking about getting one and the countertop is the only place you have to store it , I would definitely measure to make sure it will fit . But otherwise , DO NOT HESITATE !! You will love this machine ! Also , there are some very handy little accessories on Amazon that I would highly recommend to go along with it , such as the New Metro Design Beater Blade for KitchenAid 6-Quart & 5-Plus Mixers , which I lOVE because it scrapes the sides of the bowl while it mixes so you do n't have to keep stopping to scrape it by hand , and the KitchenAid 2 Pack Mixer Bowl Covers , which are not only great for keeping your icing or whatnot fresh in the fridge , but also for keeping the dust out of your mixer bowl when it is not being used . You can put your beater blades right in the bowl and then put the lid on , and everything will stay nice and clean between uses . Just make sure you get the right size for your particular mixer . Anyway , I ca n't say enough good things about this mixer and would definitely recommend it to anyone ! And BTW , the Meringue color is pretty much a non-shiny , slightly less bright version of the white , but it is not completely matte , either . It has sort of a little glint to it , I guess you might say . But it is very pretty , and it does go just fine with the other Kitchenaid white appliances . : D
 This kitchen aid mixer is one from the higher end models and works very well , I do a lot of baking and use all 6 quarts all the time so it definitely speeds up my work .
 This mixer is incredible . Takes the work out of kneading and heavy duty mixing . Every kitchen should have this appliance .
 My wife really wanted a standing bowl mixer . After working with a kitchen aid 4 court standing bowl mixer we knew we would need something with larger capacity for some of the recipes we make . I asked for her to tell me what to say about the mixer . Said `` it is totally sweet '' and that `` she loves it '' . Aside from having to adjust the bowl height just a tad -LRB- the mixer attachments just barely touched the bottom of the bowl after being shipped -RRB- and double checking that the bowl was `` seated '' properly -LRB- being a guy , I did n't read the instructions and was n't sure why the mixer was n't working properly , then I read the instructions and found out how to lock the bowl in position -RRB- , the mixer is perfect and a huge time saver . You need this mixer . Buy this mixer today !
 We had wanted a Kitchen Aid mixer since we move into our new loft last November -LRB- we finally had the space for one in a NYC apt ! -RRB- . Using the mixer is like riding a Harley
 By some to the reviews I read , I was afraid it was going to be monster size . However , it is the perfect size for any kitchen . It does everything it promises with ease . Excellent quality and beautifully made . Be aware that when making small batches , the 3qt bowl and combo whip comes in handy . It fits the Professional 600 model like a glove , see link below.KitchenAid 3qt Bowl and Combi Whip
 Very satisfied with this product . We use it almost everyday from making fresh bread in the morning and in making customized cakes . Highly recommended . If there is anything that needs improvement would be a paddle attachment with a scraper -LRB- manufactured by kitchenaid -RRB- on one side just like for the 4 qt . mixer , that is made also by kitchenaid .
 This is a wonderful deal ! I could n't have found a better deal anywhere . This is a quality product that will last the rest of my lifetime and my grandchildrens I am sure .
 LOVE this mixer , was n't near as loud as some were saying . It seemed to cut my Christmas cookie mixing time in half !
 I love my 6-quart stand mixer ! I mostly use it for baking bread and rolls , and so far it has performed flawlessly ! You can probably only do 3 batches at a time , because the mixer gets quite warm if you do more . I would recommend this mixer to anyone and feel like it 's the best present I ever gave myself !
 I love my mixer so far . I was n't looking for one quite this big but I found on sale one day and could could n't pass up a good deal ! This is my first stand mixer and I could n't ask for anything else .
 For years I have wanted a KitchenAid Mixer and on Cyber Monday 2011 I made the leap . Purchased the Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer and I am THRILLED with my purchase . Upon reading other reviews I was expecting it to be loud and was pleasantly surprised that it was not . The few times I have used it in the past two weeks it has exceeded my expectations . Great product ! Great service ! Thank you Amazon for the great deals that you offer .
 Love the mixer ! Have wanted one for YEARS and with it being the Deal of the Day - plus a rebate It was a steal !!!
 I got this on cyber Monday for my Christmas gift . The price was to good to pass up.I have used it for bread and to make icing so far . It worked well for both things and its like having a 3rd hand . It is everything I expected .
 When I received my KitchenAide Mixer I took it inside immediately and began making pizza dough . I did n't waste any time . It was mesmerizing ! Since I 've had it , I 've used it regularly at least 2-3 times a week . I highly recommend it to anyone who loves to cook/bake , but has a crying toddler at their feet in the kitchen ! It literally gives you another arm & hand in the kitchen !
 I have wanted a Kitchenaid mixer for years!Now that I have this one I am just loving it!I make alot of cookies over the holidays and throughout the year and this really handles the dough well and it is BEAUTIFUL!We are looking forward to getting attachments and making some pasta.The fact that I got it a few days after I ordered it made things even better .
 Whether the reason for owning a KitchenAid Stand Mixer was because my Mom faithfully relied on it or I was fed up with wrestling with that thick and heavy toll house cookie dough , what I do know is that baking is now a true joy and there 's no need to pretend anymore . I 'm really looking forward to the attachments . As a pasta lover I 'm excited to make the dough now effortlessly and dream about the other devices that I 'll be using soon .
 Since I bake daily , I have always wanted a machine that was multi-functional ; the 600 Professional definitely surpassed my expectations ! I have used every attachment , works well and found that it saves me much-needed time .
 This is really a good product . It will be tested further when we get the attachments .
 Works great , my son said this is awesome and we should have bought this mixer 20 years ago .
 I but this mixer for my wife for christmas and she loves it because it has so much power and for how big the bowl is . The only thing is that it is a little bit loud .
 My new mixer has made baking a real joy . I am not so sure about the recipes in the guidebook , however . I tried the no-cook mints and it was a complete flop . But the mixer itself is great . All I expected .
 I LOVE my Kitchenaid mixer . Some of the reviews say that they are loud . Well , my arms make a loud noise when I have to mix manually also . So , I would much rather for this mixer to do that for me . It packs a lot of power in this unit , I would expect it to be loud . I mix up many things with mine , including meat loaf ! I used to hate putting my hands in that cold meat and mixing it up , no more ! My Kitchenaid does this for me now . I mix cakes , cookies , peanut butter balls , etc. with it . Very divine to own . I highly recommend it!Ava
 Every kitchen should have one ! My wife uses hers extensively during holiday baking hours . She swears by it and would n't have any other brand . It has the power to mix through anything you can put in the bowl . MADE IN THE USA !!
 Outstanding delivery in a timely matter . I ordered this kitchenaid mixer for my wife and as the UPS delivery person brought it to our house we opened the box and made meatballs for the whole family in just minutes . We love making bread without the the hard labor of preparing the dough . Great product at a fantastic price and great company dealing with the delivery . Thank you .
 Professional 600 Stand Mixer , the wife loves it.All she can say '' what took so long for us to buy one ? `` If she says that , it must be something good -- or better
 This is an excellent mixer . The wife has used it several times and she loves it . I bought all the extras including the specal mixer paddle with the plastic edge . She said the edge makes the mixer work a lot better and cakes come out with more raised layers .
 So I legitimately abused my 4.5 Q Kitchen Aid mixer . To replace it and prepare for mixing bread dough on a regular basis -LRB- once a week -RRB- I went with this one.Overall the reviews said it can handle the quantity I was going to be mixing -LRB- and I did take into consideration all of the negatives on this -RRB- . My sister has been making dough in hers -LRB- 6Q Kitchen Aid -RRB- for 8 + years . I had my 4.5 Q for 10 years -LRB- and it could not handle regular dough making -LRB- which is what finally did it in -RRB- . I followed the instructions on how much flour it can handle , what speed to mix on , and how long to allow the mixer to knead the dough -LRB- it mixes and kneads really quickly , so I did n't need to have it on for more than 5 minutes -RRB- . Within a month of owning the 6Q Professional the hook was not rotating when I went to start mixing and kneading today 's bread dough . The motor did not sound like it was working properly either . So I turned it off , and tried again . No luck - same deal . I let it go for a moment and thought I heard the motor start to work properly , but the hook was still frozen . I finally admitted that this mixer was broken , and kneaded my dough by hand -LRB- my Insanity work outs are paying off because I did n't feel like my arms were going to fall off after 10 minutes of hand mixing and kneading -RRB- . Are n't Kitchen Aid 's meant to last past the Apocolypse?Defeated and bitter I called the Kitchen Aid Customer Service . They asked questions about how much flour I was using -LRB- I had n't passed 10 cups of white flour , or 8 cups of wheat - this mixer should handle these amounts with no issues whatsoever -RRB- . They asked about the speed I used -LRB- I started on Stir for about a minute and changed to `` 2 '' after components were just combined - again , as per instructions for use -RRB- . They asked about how long I allowed the mixer to knead the dough -LRB- no more than 5 minutes are required because it mixes really fast and efficiently -RRB- . After my sob story , she said that I was using the machine as is intended and apologized that the mixer was no longer working and it was from nothing I did . She gathered my contact information and said that in 7-10 business days I will be receiving a new mixer , of the same model and color . She also informed me that they will need the broken one back and all I have to do is take the new one out of the box and put the old one in its place and ship it back . There is a slip included that will cover the return shipping.So
 My wife wanted a KitchenAid mixer . I got her the best one practical for home use , I think . It works great . Looks great in the kitchen , too . We are glad I ordered this model . I do n't regret getting the most power available in this class .
 I 've been wanting to buy this for my wife for a while now . The moment I saw it on sale this past Black Friday I had to jump on it . It was the perfect Christmas gift . We used it this morning to make biscuits and it was glorious ...
 While this mixer is quite large and heavy , it does an amazing job !!! Before you purchase this one , make sure you have permanent counter space . It is too big to move around or store in another location . This mixer wo n't let you down !!
 Received the KA mixer , as described . No problems , just like the ones in the stores AND for a much lower price ! Great deal !!
 The Kitchen Aid Professional 600 is the best machine I ever had . Even my husband loves to use it . Now is baking , mixing or everything else realy easy . Even bread is fast prepared and I have the best bread ever.The delivery was very fast and the package was packed very good.Thank you very much .
 I love my mixer.It is a little loud but not enough to complain about . I have a 4.5 quart and love it but the professional one I have now is awsome .
 Wow ... my husband got me this for my birthday and I am just floored . The quality is outstanding and it will literally last a lifetime . I do n't think there is n't anything this mixer ca n't do . Highly recommend it for anyone who does a lot of cooking/baking .
 This mixer is an outstanding machine . You can make a large quantity of potatoes , cookie dough , bread dough , etc. . Excellent!edconnectionsllc.com
 The mixer is very well built and has sufficient power to do a good job kneeding bread . My only complaint is the request to hand wash the tools . My feeling is that if it ca n't go in a wishwasher then it ca n't come in the house .
 I love this product . At first I thought I was wasting money , but after comparing the price , $ 209 was n't a bad deal at all!I have used it to make cupcakes , cakes , and to mix meat ball mixture and egg roll and wonton stuffings!it saves time and saves my arm ! and has a lot of power!I am going to try making bread with it!I love it , if it is on sale , go get it !
 Good product . However , the screw that adjusts the height of the bowl should a bit easier . It should also make a more noticible adjustment .
 Performs as advertised and meets expectations . Very happy with purchase and Amazon performance . Ordered on Sunday evening and delivered on Tuesday !
 My wife is enjoying using this mixer . She was intimidated at first by the size , but she says it is a breeze to use .
 KitchenAid KP26M1XER Standup 6-Quart Mixer Professional 600 , Empire RedI am a Cake Decorator . I average 3 cakes per week . I am TOTALLY satisfied with the performance of this stand mixer . Friends of mine told me about owning theirs for 25 years and still loving it ... I certainly see why . Other stand mixers just could n't hold out to do the heavy butter cream icings in large quanities . The 600 Professional does n't even strain at it . I love the whisk , paddle and dough hook attachments that come with it . I am purchasing others as well . My KitchenAid is Red ... I LOVE IT !
 Excellent Product . After careful review and research , there is no other machine that is comparable.The cost is well worth the benefits .
 I got the mixer as advertised in good time and in good condition . It works wonderfully .
 Excellent quality , easy to use , durable and can take the pounding that is required to make bread , which many mixers can not do . Higher wattage equals better bread and baked goods . Sourdough bread comes out light and with good texture . Good selection of accessories .
 I love this mixer . I can do 3 loaves of bread at a time in it . The only negative is that the head does n't lift , so it is difficult to get the attachments on to the mixer sometimes .
 I work in food service , I bought for home use , I told boss & coworkers what I was getting & the price I was paying they all envied my great find . Sadly , I have n't got to test it yet , works ' had a hold on my time .
 Great price and product arrived super fast -LRB- before we even expected it -RRB- and in excellent condition ! I 've bought the KA Artisan Stand Mixers for my daughters for almost the same $ $ $ that I paid for the Pro 600 Series !
 The KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer came for Christmas and is awesome . It is all that I had hoped for and will be with us for years to come . The Professional model is much stronger than the usual models sold locally .
 I loved my 5 quart Kitchen Aid . So I was super excited to get the 6 quart . I will never give this mixer up it 's great for everything . I use it every chance I get . I can make double batches of stuff without any issues . This is defiantly worth the money .
 I originally had a 5qt mixer -LRB- from discount club store -RRB- and returned it when I saw THIS mixer at a much better price . I got this mixer -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- at a for an awesome deal along with some good rebates -LRB- final price would be about $ 180 ... for a 6 qt . that is awesome ! -RRB- . It 's amazing the difference in size between the 5qt and 6qt bowls ... you would n't think it would make a difference , but it does !!! I 've used it 4-5 times so far without any problem -LRB- breads , cookie dough , even mashed bananas for me , etc. -RRB- . It mixes well ; yes it 's loud , but even hand mixers are loud too ;-RRB- The speed lever operates smoothly and seems to beat evenly.It is quite heavy , so make sure you can lift over 30lbs or have someone that can help you . I ordered the mixer in the caviar gloss ... it has some sparkles to it . I would have loved black but it was n't worth way more money.The splash guard is nice to use when dumping in flours . I might have to get a different flat beater attachment b/c it does get a little frustrating to keep stopping and scraping the bowl down ... but I think it 's normal for this machine.Overall , I 'd recommend and buy this again . I 'm hoping it lasts me a long time !
 for years i 've been wanting a KitchenAid and finely this years I decided that would be my christmas gift to me . i love the mixer , I was disappointed that it did n't come with a pouring spout , I thought that was the one that I had chosen but as it turned out it was n't . the price was good , a pouring spout for this mixer will cost about $ 30.00 surprise , surprise , too much for now , the only problem when you add dry ingredients , it is messy , stuff flies everywhere , other than that I love itruns smooth and the mixing time is a lot less than my other mixer -LRB- sunbeam -RRB- . love it .
 I 've had the 4.5 qt KitchenAid Stand Mixer and used it weekly for 16 + years . When it died I decided to upgrade to the 6qt version . Wow . It is beautiful . The additional capacity is wonderful . The power control of the different speeds is great . I can make so many recipes without risk of splash or spill over . It is a beefy machine and is just an inch too tall to fit on my kitchen counter tucked under the cabinets.One thing I miss about my 4.5 qt machine is the tilt-head . The tilt-head allows me to lift the beater out of the bowl yet contain the drips that come off the beater . The 6qt design one lowers the bowl rather than lifting the head and there is n't enough clearance with the lowered bowl to easily remove the beater without disturbing the contents of the bowl . This is the only reason I 'm giving this product a rating of 4 stars rather than 5 .
 I love the mixer . I have only used it once , but the time it saves and how well it mixes things is great . Everyone should have one in there kitchen . Thank Amazon .
 This is an excellent mixer . My Mother-in-law was a caterer and used a Kitchenaid mixer the entire time she was in business . This mixer comes with a 6-wire beater but should come with the 11-wire beater that can be purchased separately . The 6-wire beater does not quite reach the sides of the bowl requiring you to stop the mixer and scrap the sides periodically . Otherwise this is a great mixer . It should just come with the heavier 11-wire beater .
 works great , saves me more time to do other things , Makeing bread is easy , Whips out cakes like nothing . Easy to clean , Great price .
 I bought the Pro 600 for my wife 's christmas . She loves it . So does my daughter . It is a blessing to watch the two in the kitchen . They are having a blast . She has already bought attachments and is shredding cheese and making pasta . We are all enjoying the mixer . Delivery was sooner than expected ... kudos Amazon !
 a killer bread maker . no more bouncing around on the counter when mixing bread doe . more power then uoy need , but that is a good thing.industrial grade .
 i purchased this 6qt mixer to replace my 30 year old KitchenAid 4.5 qt . Classic Stand Mixer . i gave it 4 stars for two reasons ; one , i do not like that you can not take the bowl out without taking the mixing attachment off also . Not a issue with the tilt head . Unfortunately they do not make a tilt head model with a 6 qt bowl . and Two , i guess i was too used to the solid state drive of the older model . the delayed take off of this model leaves a little to be desired . Overall , it is a pretty solid mixer with what seems to be enough power to make my over-sized cinnamon roll dough . So far , the quality is what i would expect from a KitchenAidas a word of caution , i was unable to find a way to let amazon know my concerns about the shipping . Save your money and do not do as i did and pay an extra $ 40 to get second day delivery . it is n't worth it . i paid it and still did not receive it on time .
 Works like intended . The reason I bought it was the customer support . A friend of mine has the same model for a couple of years , and something inside stopped working . The company replaced the machine without question . That 's how you get new customers .
 My daughter has only used it to make cookies so far but we have n't had any problems . I love having the power to make anything . I plan on making bread soon .
 While I have not tried to make the 14 dozen cookies the literature says it can make in a single batch , it is great for multiple loaves of bread and everything I prepared for the holidays . Especially like the plastic rim attachment for the 6 qt bowl , allows you to add ingredients with ease . This is a major difference compared to the 5 quart KA I had for 20 years . Happy New Year and forget the diet , start cookin ' !!!
 I can easily see why this mixer repeatedly receives the top honors from America 's Test Kitchen . Received my first one 8 years ago as a gift from my wife - yes , I 'm the one who loves to bake ! There is absolutely no comparison between it and my previous machines -LRB- Sunbeam and Oster -RRB- with regard to performance . The only reason for not giving it 5 stars has nothing to do with it 's performance , but with KitchenAid/Whirlpool -LRB- KitchenAid was bought out/taken over several years ago -RRB- . Only when my old machine died under a heavy load and I tried to obtain a service - NOT a user 's - manual , did I learn that Whirlpool/KitchenAid does not provide them on their products . Several conversations/e-mails all ended up with the same result - a referral to an `` authorized repair shop . '' With no other options , I ended up paying -LSB- ... -RSB- in labor to have a -LSB- ... -RSB- fusible link replaced.Hey , but it was still cheaper that buying a new motor and now I have two machines ! And with the great deal I got through Amazon -LSB- ... -RSB- , it was a lot cheaper that graduating to even the smallest Hobart mixer -LSB- ... -RSB- for the home baker.I hope the folks at Whirlpool change their ways and make BOTH manuals available to the buyer . The repair shop certainly was unwilling to sell me a copy!Carl - The Cake Guy
 Large Bowl , power is worth the extra costs . Makes normal operating noise but what electric appliance does n't ? Makes large batches of bread dough handily . I 'd easily make the same decision to buy this style Kitchen-Aid again . Tilt up or bowl lift ... makes no difference to me either way .
 Having used my new `` Pro 600 '' and attachments to make bread , grind meat , stuff sausage , and make `` hot sauce '' , among other things , I am delighted . I recommend this unit as the ultimate all-around cooks/canners/bakers tool . This is a big unit , however , I grow and can vegetables as well as make my own ground meat items . Recommended to all .
 My best purchase in long time ago , I have been really impressed with all the stuff that you can do , great deal + + + + + + amazon
 I am lucky someone was home to take the box into the house because it was shipped in its original box showing the world exactly what it was . I understand the shipping method I chose was to just leave it and not sign for it , but I expected it to be in a undisclosed box . Other then that that , the mixer works great .
 We received this item very quickly after we ordered it , and are extremely satisfied with the quality , durability , and how easy it is to use.We do a lot of baking in our family , and this mixer really makes our job a lot easier , especially when making homemade bread.Great product , at the best price around !
 This is the best purchase I 've ever made . It is big enough to handle the whole wheat breads I make with ease . I can also make simple cookies so fast . I recommend this mixer to everyone !!
 This mixer replaced a 10 year old Stand Mixer that still looked and worked like new.Love the color and the power of this mixer . It is a joy to use .
 bought this as an upgrade to my 20 yr old KA original mixer . It 's a great upgrade and this color is a nice neutral that goes with any kitchen . The only downside is that it is a little bigger than my old one so I need to rearrange the cabinets to make it fit . It powers right through bread dough like it is water .
 I 've been a long time fan of many programs on the food network and they seem to always use this thing . While I realize that is probably advertising -LRB- and let 's face it , it works -RRB- I went ahead and grabbed this . I had wanted one for a while , and at $ 220 I could n't refuse.Let me just say this works exactly as it should . It 's an amazing piece of hardware . It blends , mixes , whips everything I throw at it and it 's fairly easy to clean and maintain.The only mark I would say about this , is that it is really really loud . You do n't hear it on the shows cause they have the magic of editing , but this thing screams , especially at high speeds . I would give it a 4.5 stars but that did n't seem to be an option . Even though it is loud , I love it .
 Since receiving this mixer , I have n't had a chance to use it very much . However , it does a great job of mixing the few opportunities I 've had . I have n't had a stand-up mixer for many , many years and so I was truly impressed with the power of this appliance ! Having to raise and lower the bowl is new to me instead of simply raising the head but I have adjusted to that . I believe this mixer can be a work-horse for me . Now if I can just find the time ...
 I decided to upgrade my Kitchenaid Stand Mixer and selected the Professional 600 Series from Kitchenaid . Now I can mix up to 4 loaves of bread , double batches of cinammon rolls and cookies without worrying about burning out the motor . Needless to say my friends and neighbors are happy with the excess goodies I now have to pass along!KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl
 Good big heavy strong mixer that will certainly mix large quantities of dough . Only problem that I am having is knowing when to quit adding flour as it does not form a good ball as the smaller ones do . I am sure that I will learn and then I would rate it a 5 star .
 This is a real beauty , it is very well constructed and seems like it will last a lifetime . I bake bread , and was using a food processor , what a pain cleaning all of those parts , not to mention you can only put three cups of flour in at a time . I can now put in seven cups of flour at once , and when it 's done I only have one stainless steel bowl and a dough hook to clean . I should have purchased one long ago ... What are you waiting for , get out of here and order yours now ... Do it ... NOW !
 This machine is WONDERFUL ! Ever since I received it I have been making bread from scratch and baking like crazy . Would highly recommend !
 The mixer is beautiful and has exceeded our expectations . Sams Club is selling a lower end model for the price we paid for the professional series . My wife has arthritis and had stopped making some of her favorite recipes because of the pain it caused her to mix the ingredients . She will be able to make them now and is looking forward to the holidays next year baking with the grandkids .
 The 500 Watts of raw power on this puppy just beg to be tested . This mixer has an arrogant swagger , rightfully so , as you could put many other mixers into this large , 6 quart bowl and turn them into pudding . This gets the job done . You can tell that many years of scientific research and engineering has gone into making this one of the easiest to use tools one needs in the kitchen .
 We were not surprised that this mixer was exactly what it claimed to be.Kitchen aid is always a quality product
 I have been dreaming about this mixer for YEARS and finally found it on Amazon for the best price I 've ever seen , so I bought it -LRB- on Black Friday -RRB- and its even better than I dreamed ! Absolutely love it !! I 've used it at least 5 times and I 've only had it for a week ... LOVE LOVE LOVE !!
 I am in love with this mixer . It is perfect . Mechanically superior . Beautiful . Its engine just purrs and mixes in a flash . Ca n't stop using it . Also looks great on the counter .
 I owned a 4.5 qt KitchenAid mixer for a little over a year . I upgraded to this on Cyber Monday because I needed more mixing room and it was a STEAL ! All my attachements can fit on this and it comes with a pour shield . When I mix things it doesnt leave flour or unmixed items at the bottom . I have n't used it for fondant yet but I know it will be successful just from the times I 've used it already . Worth the price !!!
 I was half-way afraid to buy one with some of the less-than admirable reviews , but I decided to splurge on one anyway.All I have to say is I love it ! I was apprehensive when I felt how light the tools and bowl were , and when I saw the arms of the mixer wiggle when mixing bread . I 'd like to find out if the older ones of 20 + years ago also `` wiggle '' . -LRB- The arms themselves are not weak , the sliding `` joint '' is just not made with a super tight fit . I trust the engineers here . -RRB- My worries and concern mix away every time I use this . This beast gets the job done and I 've had nothing break on me . * Knock * knock ... The casing is metal . -LRB- And so are the tools . -RRB- I 'm no commercial bread maker , but for my house-hold demands , it meets and exceeds my needs . Do n't be afraid , this mixer is worth it!Oh yeah -- the new dough hook is wonderful ! It 's better than the previous , fishing-hook style dough hooks .
 I 've had a standard KitchenAid mixer for years , and it never let me down . As I 've been baking much more breads recently , it was time for an upgrade . This mixer is absolutely ideal , and it looks gorgeous in my kitchen . An amazing product !
 I really like the mixer with the large bowl . However , the sheild that comes with it does not stop all of the flour from flying out . I am happy with the speed and it is very quiet .
 This is a fabulous purchase . I use it almost everyday . Really easy to operate . Heavy duty . I bought the ice cream maker attachment as well , and all I can say is YUMMO ! I saw a few reviews about it being a bit difficult to attach the ice cream blade , however it was as easy as hooking up a beater . -LRB- Hint ; just look at the length of the two sides of the attachment and match it according to the picture of your model . -RRB- I looked at the other Kitchen Aid models , and am happy I bought the deluxe , lift bowl . It makes a large batch for one thing , and the power is incredible . I can make a quart of whipped cream in a minute , and my hands are free to do other prep work . I definitely use the shield when I have a full bowl , so do n't be fooled by what the adds say about the refurbished ones , `` that you do n't need it '' . -LRB- They can be ordered separately though . -RRB- With power like this , I will be ordering all the attachments for sure , which will eliminate many appliances . Just another reason I am happy to have this powerhouse . REALLY WORTH THE MONEY !
 Always wanted a KitchenAid mixer and I bought the workhorse . Simply put , it makes baking and whatever else you would use a mixer to make so much easier ! It is well worth the money .
 This mixer is beautiful . It works great . We have made a few batches of pizza dough , cookies and brownies . THe only thing that we do n't like about it is that if you are making small batches of things the bowl is really way too big . I wished they had a diffeent size bowl that you could interchange with the 6 qt one .
 So much better than standing on your feet for hours on end in the kitchen . This thing is huge and fast ! I have bought other infomercial junk and now I do n't need to buy anthing else . This does everything ! It looks great on the counter . Red was not my favorite color ever , and well this just looks awesome ! It 's almost to pretty to dirty up :O -RRB- Cleans fast , doesn not take up alot of space on my counter top as I live in an apartment . Motor is strong !! My family loves me more for all the treats and fresh bread they are enjoying . Defiantly worth the price !! no doubt about it . I have DDD and can not stand on my feet for to long , so this has helped me be back in the kitchen . Everything that I have ever bought before , always broke / motor would die or fry !! This thing is a working horse ! I love it ! you can not go wrong with this Kitchen Aide !!! :O -RRB-
 What do I say ... it 's the Miele Capricorn of mixers , it 's the Hummer , it 's the HP . It does what they say it can do , and it 's not a nightmare to clean up . The model I purchased is the bowl lift , which gives you a wider bowl , and therefore more thorough mixing than the head tilt -- or so I hear from my friend in the neighborhood who has a head tilt.Whatever possessed me to buy Empire Red , I do n't know , but I could n't be happier . It 's ... beautiful . Even with the red cover , which is great , because it has a nice pocket on one side adequate to hold the instruction booklet and a couple of tools.If you cook -- and if you have a tendency to be drawn to real quality in tools and appliances , then spend the extra and get this one . I have n't had any buyer 's remorse at all !
 I used a 5-quart KitchenAid mixer for over 25 years and it had worked just fine . Graduating to the 6-quart however has been terrific ! The difference has been remarkable for kneading bread dough , mixing batters , etc. in terms of time -LRB- it is quicker -RRB- and quality of the dough -LRB- smoother -RRB- . If you are someone who has been wondering if it is worth the money to get the professional model , go for it ! You will be happy you did . Just a note
 I had a smaller Kitchenaid mixer for many years . I decided to upgrade . Wow ! what a difference . The bigger bowl makes it easier to mix bread dough . No more dough climbing up the hook . And I love the slow start , keeps stuff from flying all over the place . The finish is so easy to clean . Just having all that power makes the job so much easier . I have n't baked bread in years , now that I have this mixer I bake once a week . And the bread is so much better than the store bought bread . No additives , or preservatives so much healthier . I LOVE this Kitchenaid it 's worth every penny I paid for it .
 I recieved this as a gift about 6 weeks ago and I have used it a lot . I have n't made any bread with more than 3 cups of flour because a loaf that size is prefect for my family , and it has handled it like a pro . I like the wide bowl , easier to get things into it . I like the bowl lift , the tilt one I got what was in the bowl everywhere when I tilted the head up , this one you just detach the beater and let it fall into the bowl and away you go from the mixer to scrape the batter off . I was afraid at first that the bowl would be too large , but it mixes things well , even small mixes ... well within reason because my husband tried to whip 1/4 cup of whipping cream and of course it did n't work , but 1/2 to 1 cup worked.If you like to cook this is a time saving piece of equipment . I did n't buy it because of the price , but now that I have it I feel it is well worth the price .
 OH MY WORD - I AM IN LOVE WITH AN OBJECT ! NO MAN CAN TEAR ME AWAY FROM THIS ! I love to bake , cook , and entertain . I have always wanted a Kitchen Aide mixer and in this economy , when I got my tax refund , I had to really look at where the money would go . It was then that I measured how much happiness I could get from paying a bill or buying this mixer and how much love and happiness I could share among family , friends , neighbors , and even strangers . There is something about home cooked meals , home baked goods , and cookies and cakes that makes people smile , no matter what their circumstances . If I can bring just a little love into someone 's life with the finished product that comes from this mixer - I have spent my money well . 5 STARS from me !!!!!!!!!!
 After having used hand mixers and a Mixmaster for the past 30 years , I made the jump to KitchenAid . I love it . At first it took getting used to raising & lowering the bowl to scrape the sides , but now after having done a huge batch of cake batter for cupcakes , I love it . I was able to mix 3 cake mixes in one batch . Since the bowl that comes with it is so large , I found you can order a 3qt bowl and small beater . I have just received these and have found that addressed the only issue I had . We can make anything . I ca n't wait for the holidays to do my holiday baking now !
 I bought this as a gift for my wife and she loves it . It does everything that the description says it does . It has been a perfect addition to our kitchen . It 's not too bulky that it looks out of place on the counter . That was the only worry I had about buying this item . Clean-up is easy and the color is perfect . We 've had this mixer for about 6 weeks and she has used it almost every day . Plenty of power and the slicer accessory is a must have .
 The complete mixer for the home cook . Same model is used in most restaurant and hotel kitchens -LRB- I 'm a professional chef so I know -RRB- . I 've only used it to make bread dough so far and it has worked like a champ . I wish that they would make an attachment so that it would work with a smaller -LRB- like a 3 quart -RRB- bowl . There are many times that this mixer will be overkill for the home cook . I guess a strong hand-held electric mixer would be a nice complement for small amounts of whipped cream , etc. . Very strong machine , all the bells and whistles you need .
 Although the motor and most of rest of the machine is very heavy duty , I found the way the bowl attaches and the lift mechanism to leave a bit to be desired . I 'm not saying they are cheaply made but not that of an actual professional machine . I have spent years in the bakery business and all of our small machines -LRB- Hobart -RRB- have a better bowl attachment and lift system . For a home use machine , I feel it 's the best for under $ 500 .
 Just as I expected the mixer is all and more . I have wanted one for years and decided to gift myself . I am the cook , after all . My main reason -- to be able to make healthy food much easier to prepare . I do n't like the choices of empty calories and terrible ingredients in the prepared foods that bombard me at the store . With RA , OA , fibro and such , mixing by hand was not an option any longer . Thank you Amazon and Kitchen Aid for helping me in my personal mission of eating well .
 This was purchased as a gift for my wife . She loves it . Has all the power that was lacking in her other mixer and the 6 quart bowl is great . You have lots of room to put things in and mix them up without it getting all over the counter and the lid that goes on so you can pour things in is a great addition . Would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a heavy duty type mixer .
 The Meringue did not work properly when received . It was loud and the bowl height would not adjust . After consulting with KitchenAid they immediately agreed to accept my return and offered me a new one of my choice . I choose the red one and it is working perfectly . This is my second KitchenAid mixer ; I have had the other one for 11 years and it still works well . Only con with the 600 series is that you can not put any parts into the dishwasher or they will tarnish .
 I have read many of the same stories that are just like mine . Wanting a KitchenAid for most of ones adult life ... I 've wanted one sense I was 12 and I am now 39 ! This product is perfectly amazing ! I have owned it for nearly a month now and I am already putting it through its paces . We got the meat and sausage grinder / stuffer set along with it . We wanted to be able to grind our own burger for much less than charged at the super markets , plus we will be sure of what we are putting in our bodies . This is actually why we wanted the heavy duty 600 series with the 575 motor . We bought the extra 3 year warranty plan for those `` just in case '' times . I want to set a little bit of advice out to those that care about the cost of things ... Changing the color of this product can raise the price DRASTICALLY !!!! BEWARE !! If you dont mind this color , which is called Meringue , it looks like a semi-gloss white , than you will end up paying MUCH LESS than the KA that have color !!! A couple hundred dollars less !!! -LSB- ... -RSB- I hope this helps ... what a dream come true ... I guess you could say it was worth the wait !!!
 This is the first time I 've used a stand mixer ... it is the best purchase I 've made for my kitchen in years ! I bought the merengue color -LRB- cream colored , matte finish -RRB- because the price was so much cheaper than the other colors . Yes , I would have loved a shiny red one ... but I could n't justify the extra price for the color and now that I have it the color is perfectly fine . I bought one of the bright red mixer covers to go with it so I still have my red!This mixer is absolutely fantastic ! I have been having so much fun baking since I bought this . I purchased it just before Christmas and it was such a joy to make batch after batch of cookies this year . I keep thinking of things I want to bake just so I can play with it . I ca n't wait to try out home-made bread now that I have a mixer that can handle the dough with ease.I like this model because you do n't have to keep lifting up the top of the mixer like you do with other models . Instead the bowl goes up and down . And the bowl is quite large so you can make double batches . The attachments come off easily for cleaning . I am going to buy the attachment that scapes the sides of the bowl closer . I do think they should include that for the price of these mixers , but I got such a good deal on it that I 'm not really complaining.One thing to note is that the Pro models are a bit larger than the other models so they take up more room on your counter .
 As expected with this company , the name is synonomous with the quality of the product , these are smaller versions of the commercial Hobart mixers found in bakeries and restaurants worldwide , and these are even used in those same applications from time to time . Ask any baker and they will tell you these are workhorses . I have owned a kitchen aid mixer since 1995 and it is still going strong ! -LRB- kitchen aid did replace mine after a year due to the tilt head pin not being secure . I was impressed with the customers service too since my warrenty had expired on this mixer . I did n't pay a dime and got a whole new mixer from them , and have had no further issues with this mixer since that time :--RRB- and I use mine at least twice a week -RRB- My grandmother 's that she purchased in the 60 's is alo still going strong . I expect that this one will be no exception.I decided to add to my fleet with a larger model due to having a large family and needing to mix larger amounts of doughs and batters . I absolutely love it ! The `` soft start '' ensures the flour , pwodered sugar , or other dry ingredients will stay in the bowl , and the bowl lift is wonderful . Mine came with the pouring shield standard , a nice touch . I also like that the mixing attachments are burnished and not enameled -LRB- which has a tendancy to chip off over time -RRB- . These mixers are definitely worth the money and are a great investment . Like a fine car thay hold their resale value well , not that many people get rid of them once thaey have them , unless it is to trade up to a bigger or newer model , lol . I would highly recomend this mixer to anyone who wants to save money and only buy one household mixer in their lifetime .
 My wife loves her gift . It works great and makes her cookies in half the time . If something ever happened to this one , she would go out and buy another one the same day .
 I 've had this mixer a few weeks now and it 's very good . KitchenAid has corrected the problems from earlier years . So for I have only used recipes from the book that comes with the mixer . The mixer has n't had any problems mixing candy and various bread doughs . Follow the suggestions in the book that comes with the mixer and adjust your recipes for use with the mixer and you should n't have any issues either .
 It took some getting used to because of the way the bowl fastens and its large size . Have kneeded bread , whipped potatoes , homemade cakes , and it did them all with ease . Would purchase it again if one the daily deals , good price and received in 2 days during the Christmas season !
 I was VERY pleased with the performance . I mixed a VERY stiff cookie dough and it did it with ease . Before my old mixer could not mix it & it 's a recipe I use alot . I have back problems and with the dough being so stiff it made it very difficult . After using the 600 series KitchenAid Mixer , I kissed it ! It made it so ... easy . Thanks !
 Finally - a mixer that has the power to do what I want it to do ! I 'm especially happy to have it as I have issues with carpal tunnel and mild arthritis . I 've waited years to get a KitchenAid mixer . I wish I 'd been able to get it sooner !
 This mixer is A + for performance.The only criticism I have is that the paddle mixer is not the easiest to scrape clean . It does , however leave more for the kids to lick off -LRB- me too -RRB- . Anyone from amateur to professional would be happy to have a mixer like this in their kitchen . It may be pricier than some mixers , but I have another one that has been passed down from my grandmother and it still does a great job . It is now going to my new daughter-in-law for her to enjoy .
 Works wonderful , love it . Great price , was delivered as promised , could n't ask for better !!! KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , White
 My wife loves it for making her gluten doe it takes all the work out of the process ... we are just a little concerned about the strange sound it makes on speed # 3 ... gears sound as though they need some grease ... hopefully it will clear up ... it would be a major inconvenience to send it back for repairs after just receiving it . here 's hoping
 Love my kitchenAid . I make cookies every christmas and it was soooo easy to use . I make several different kind of cookies and double batches . It usually takes me 2 days to mix every batch , but this time I did them all in one day . Just wish I bought it sooner.I Love it.R Cesario
 This kitchen aid mixer is heavy duty awesome . The first thing I made was bread , and I tested out the 14c flour power ... the mixer handled this with no problems .
 Been wanting one of these for years . Saw it in Amazon finally at a price I could n't believe . It was delivered two days later -LRB- no shipping fee -RRB- and I put it to use that night . The pouring shield is a great feature and it truly is the `` Master of Mixers '' . I love it !!
 I bought this for my wife , but I bake bread and use the dough hook . I actually enjoy kneading bread , but this mixer and dough hook work so well , that it is a time saver and eliminates some of the mess .
 Its living up to its name `` Professional '' . Worth the extra money in my opinion.Built in OHIO so I was also happy that USA jobs involved . Very good guarentee from factory also , better than most actually , very confident of this product they build . In a word . . `` go for it '' ...
 I was amazed by the power of this machine . I have wanted to purchase for a long time but did n't have the money ... I decided that life is to short and made the purchase . What a step up from a regular mixer . Made bread and rolls without killing myself . I definately would recoment this mixer to anyone .
 The power is great ! I ca n't imagine ever needing to use the 10 . 6 is high enough for anything . I went from a 4qt kitchenaid and I was not ready for the size . I adjusted to it qucikly though when I saw how much faster it mixed things . The sound is a little different that my 4 qt . Like a low whine I guess you would call it . I would n't say it 's anything that bothers you though . Because it mixes so fast , you do n't have it on long anyway . If I had n't read the other reviews that said it is loud , I would n't have even paid it any mind . It 's more powerful so I expect it to be a little louder . -RRB- ... -RRB- I -LRB- ... -RRB- bought one for my daughter too . She is thrilled with hers . She said the red is so vibrant and the mixer works great . Because of Kitchenaids wonderful return policy , I woudl n't hesitate to buy from them ever . I read reviews on their website and even after 3 years they were still more than willing to make things right if there was a problem of any kind . They are a wonderful company and put out a wonderful product ...
 To all the folks worried about the metal gearbox . I received my KP26M1PGC today and while I did n't realize it did n't have a shield when I ordered it . It does have a metal gearbox . I have added a photo to the photo list here -LSB- ... -RSB- Once my wife has used it a while I will update with her opinions on the device.Also here is a note from Kitchenaid I got last week when I asked what models contain metal gears and a full metal gearbox.Quote `` Thank you for visiting the KitchenAid web site ! We appreciate the opportunity to respond to your inquiry.Thank you for your interest in our KitchenAid Stand Mixers . Th Bowl Lift model Stand Mixer models , KV25G0X , KV25G8X , KM25G0X , KG25H3X , KG25H0X , KP26M1X , KL26M8X , KP26M8X and KP26N9X have the Direct-Drive Transmission and All-Metal Construction . ''
 I have wanted a stand mixer for the longest time . I did some research and found this really good deal at Amazon when they had the sale along with the Kitchen Aid $ 50 rebate.I was really happy with the delivery , it arrived 2 days after I placed my order and the serial number of my new baby begins with 30xxxx so it should not have problem with the `` plastic cover '' . For a stand mixer of such high power it is not too heavy . -LRB- I have to move it everytime I use it because the outlet is too close to the cook top and I do n't want my mixer to get all dirty from my day to day cooking -RRB- . Some people complained about the noise , but you have to understand it is a powerful unit and it really is n't loud.So far I have made lots of cookie doughs and cake batters with it . The performance has been great ! But one thing to bear in mind , is whether you really need a mixer with such big bowl -LRB- I saw someone wrote about how they have smaller bowls for it now . If it is true I 'd love to get one myself ! -RRB- . I bought this because I want to keep it for years and I expect the size of my family to grow . But right now , it 's just the 2 of us and the bowl is a little big for small projects.It worked well with small amount of heavy cream -LRB- I tried 100ml -RRB- , egg white -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- ... etc , but it takes a tiny little bit more time for it . If you do n't see a potential for needing something that can deal with big projects , I think the smaller mixer could do the job.Meringue is a great color ! At first I was skeptical about it but got it because of the sale . Now I think this color is cool and goes well with every kitchen decor!I would highly recommend this product to those who work with large batches of dough/batter making most of the time .
 I bought this item because I do alot of baking and I love it ! It 's very easy to use and very heavy duty . The only thing to remember when you receive this item is that it snaps down in 3 areas the sides and you have to push it down in the back too . It was worth every cent .
 KitchenAid KP26M1XMR Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , MeringueThank you , I just love it . I was pleased with the service . I admit I am intimidated by the powerful machine , but that is going away .
 Great itemfor bakery or the most difficult part like meat graunding . Mixer was working like mercedes . . A + + + + +
 I have been using it to make cookie dough , pizza dough , cake and mashed potatoes . I also bought the ice cream attachment and it is very simple to use . My husband and I were watching the ice cream mixture turned from liquid to soft serve consistency . We love home made ice cream . When we made the pizza dough , we use the S-hook and ran it at speed 2 as recommended . It kneaded the dough very well . I felt the top of the stand mixer and it was not even warm/hot . -LRB- We only do about 3 cups of flour . -RRB- This stand mixer is a little high on price but it sure does worth it .
 Great product so far , still learning about it . So much more powerful then my old mixer I got for my wedding gift 33 years ago .
 This machine is on mixing one thing or another at least 4 to 5 times a week !!! We love it ! Does everything ! -LRB- except the cleanup -RRB-
 I bought it for my wife , she loves it , it replaced all other mixers she have had , they became useless now .
 I have never owned a stand mixer until now but was convinced after recently baking cookies with a friend who had one , to purchase one for myself . I LOVE my Kitchen Aid Mixer . It is very easy to use and takes all the work out of baking . The only bad thing is that I am baking much more often -LRB- or is that a good thing ? -RRB- !
 Everyone knows this is a great product but this model sells for at least $ 100 more everywhere I checked and I checked a lot of places . Be carefull when you buy of bowl and motor size . This is one of the best !
 Excellent Value on Amazon . Product is great , experience through Amazon perfect . Was scheduled for Dec 24 -LRB- just in time -RRB- , but came the saturday before by Fed X home delivery .
 Works perfectly , but you must read the instructions first ! I hate kneading bread , this takes all the work out of it and you get the credit . Love it !
 This is an outstanding mixer . I do n't think it 's terribly loud , as I have seen in other reviews . The design may have changed or it could just be that I mill my own flour in an impact mill , and the mixer seems very quiet compared to the mill ! I also have 4 children , so I 'm fairly desensitized to noise.I got the mixer primarily for making bread . It is rated for 14 cups of all-purpose flour , but the manual says to only use 8 cups of whole-grain flour -LRB- 2 loaves -RRB- . I make 2 loaves of whole-grain bread at least once a week , usually twice . The spiral dough hook does an excellent job of kneading , and the mixer has plenty of power to handle the whole-grain dough . Just 8 minutes of kneading develpes the gluten so well , that I only have to raise the dough for 30 minutes in the bread pans and then bake it , and we end up with delicious , light , fluffy bread . I can make bread in less than an hour and a half , including the time for kneading , rising and baking . -LRB- We live over 7500 feet in altitude , and I have seen recipes that call for up to 3 rises of yeast bread at high altitude , but that is absolutely not necessary . -RRB- I used to use a bread machine , and produced many `` bread bricks '' with it . Since I got the KitchenAid , the bread machine has been retired.We have mostly just made bread , but also have used it for cake , gingerbread , and whipped cream . It had no problem with any of those , as I expected . There is one major design flaw , in my children 's opinions , and we discovered it when 2 of them were helping me make a birthday cake . They were very distressed when they realized there was only one beater to lick ! That is our only complaint so far.We also purchased the meat grinder and used it to grind at least 30 pounds of beef , elk , and turkey into burger . The mixer had plenty of power to be up to the task.I am very pleased with the performance of this mixer and do n't think anyone would regret purchasing it .
 I ca n't believe all the confusion and misinformation on here . So I just spent an hour talking to Amazon and KitchenAid and here 's the scoop : - This model number is WRONG . Amazon has a typo . KitchenAid has NEVER made a KP26M1PGC model . The last P there should be an X. - The rebate is GOOD for this unit because it 's really a KP26M1X model . - The reason it 's cheaper than the other Pro 600 models shown elsewhere on Amazon with multiple colors -LRB- KP26M1XER etc -RRB- is because this color is being discontinued . - KA says it DOES come with the pour shield that is not shown here but is shown on the other page . - KA also said that the gearboxes on all were updated in 2006 so all the specs on the other Pro 600 page apply to this one . I was afraid that the lack of info here meant it was the old model , or inferior etc , but they confirmed they are identical except for the color.Hope this helps someone else not waste a couple hrs on this as I did.If you just bought one and have found out any of this is wrong please let us know ! Oh yeah , I had to choose a rating so I gave it 5 - I figure it counters all the 1 stars due to misinformation . TO me clearing the air was the most important thing not the rating .
 I would rate this appliance at a 3.5 out of 5 stars if you had that option.NOISY !! Use ear protection . Otherwise the appliance works great.I upgraded my 20 + year old Kitchen Aid 3.5 Qt . stand mixer , which still works , to this 6 Qt . model . I gave it a thorough testing , with my family 's favorite cookie recipe which inludes 13 cups of dry ingredients - oatmeal , chocolate chips and such . This recipe has a very stiff heavy dough . It is wooden spoon breaker dough.When my old mixer tries to mix this recipe , the dough spills over a bit from the top of the 3.5 qt bowl , and the chips stay mostly on the outside , between the dough and the bowl.So I knew this was the perfect test recipe.The 6-Quart bowl has lots mixing space . The dough came close to the top of the bowl during mixing , but did not spill over . I used the lowest speed to mix in the chocolate chips . The new mixer handled them gently and mixed them thoroughly . Every cookie had chips in them , down to the last bit of dough left in the mixing bowl.The noise of the mixer is loud . It is the loudest appliance I have ever owned . If you are running it for a long period of time , for example , a stiff cookie dough , or the flour mill , you will most likely need ear protection . I do not have a decible meter in my kitchen , but I suspect this appliance exceeds the level recommended for home use . I did call KitchenAid customer Support regarding the noise , and was told yes , it is noisy , they know that , that it has been reported as sounding like an airplane 's jet engine on a runway about to take off . -LRB- I might add that airplane 's jet engine noise sounds like it 's coming directly from the tarmac , and you are standing beside the engine during engine testing . -RRB- I was told the metal gears and the cooling fan are the reasons the Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer is so noisy . My old mixer is running on nylon , it seems.Well . Perhaps the KitchenAid Engineers need to research out some noise dampening material products like the ones they use in their dishwashers .
 but it seems to do a decent job . I had to send two back after they froze on me , but number three has been working for several months without a hitch . Customer support was terrific in replacing the defective products.Keep a close eye on `` flour power '' in the rating . Just because it states it will handle up to 14 cups of flour does n't mean it is for every type of recipe , especially breads . Go to their website , read the manual , and research the product . Also , check out their `` Conversations '' forum where owners post . Granted , most are happy owners , but some have legitimate complaints.The slow start is a nice feature , as it keeps your flour from becoming dust in the room , and the spiral dough hook is much nicer than the `` C '' hook with the other models . If you have hard water , you may notice a discoloration of the stainless attachments , no matter how careful you are . The bowl , however , seems to hold it 's shine . Handwashing the parts is a must , as dishwasher detergent is too harsh for them.The bowl-lift design takes a little getting used to if you 're used to the tilt-head . Sometimes it may even seem to get in the way.All in all , it 's a good mixer , but the older style KitchenAid mixers made by Hobart were superior . Should this one go after the warranty is up , I may consider another brand . But then , it seems the brands have their glitches , too .
 I have had this model for about 4-5 years . Before I purchased this I had a 5-quart KitchenAid Artesian mixer that I got for a wedding present in 1992 . I have always baked a lot . Especially from fall through spring and the Artesian was great . However , the five-quart model just got to be too small , especially when I had kids . Since I had kids I bake more and found myself doing two to three batches back to back with the Artesian.Now with this model I can double batches of pumpkin bread , cakes or cookies with no problem and be done in less time with less fuss . I thought I would miss the tilting head but I do n't . The only thing I did not like about this model were the aluminum blade and dough hook . So I ordered the coated ones for this machine . I always soak my blades and wash them by hand ; it would be nice if they made stainless steel versions of these but enough consumers have to make noise to get them to do something.I gave my old Artesian 5-quart to my niece who is single with no kids . She also bakes a lot but in smaller batches than I do and the Artesian is still going strong . It works great and looks like new and her friends are always trying to borrow her mixer . If you do n't bake a lot or tend to bake in smaller batches the Artesian is great.This model is a great choice for a high volume home baker like me ; great quality , durable and powered to do bigger batches .
 This new KitchenAid 600 Series , 6 quart is the best one yet and Ihave been using KitchenAid for almost 30 years . What a great product.Just hope it lasts for years to come .
 I already had a Kitchen Aid 3 1/2 quart mixer that I used at least 1-3 times a week . As I 'm baking more , I wanted a mixer with the same motor -LRB- that can mix divinity without any whining -RRB- but that i can double or triple a recipe and still have it fit in the bowl . I love this one , even though it 's a lot heavier and a bit bigger , but it 's worth the loss in a bit of counter space .
 I really appreciate the timely manner and the availability to shop 24-7 and find what you need at the best price . The product was delivered quickly and safe and was exactly what I wanted ! The mixer has preformed great and has provided exactly the performance that I expected but I was not shocked . I have owned 5 kitchenaid stand mixers and intend to own more if needed !
 I have ` always wanted a KitchenAid mixer , so when my mixer burned up because the cookie dough was too thick for it to mix , I decided to get the KitchenAid Professional 6 Quart mixer with plenty of power . I recently made double batches of thick cookie mix and this mixer did n't have a problem what-so-ever in mixing it . `` I Love This Mixer '' and would recommend it to anyone . I brag about it all the time . I am sure that this mixer will last a lifetime and will be passed down to future generations in my family . Also , I priced all around and found the BEST price on Amazon , plus it also had another $ 30.00 rebate to help with the price . I saved almost $ 150.00 by getting it at Amazon than at another store . I also got FREE shipping that really helped . It was an incredible price !! With this pricing I was able to get the mixer I always wanted !! Thanks so much Amazon !! Sincerely , S.Stevens - Firestone , Colorado
 It is amazing ! I am so pleased with my bargain ! Considering it is 400.00 in the local retail stores in my area ! I use it all the time!I recommend it for the serious baker !
 This baby is everything it is cracked up to be . I entertain groups of people for XanGo meetings often , and 5 hungry kids looking for treats , so I bake 13-14 dozen cookies at a clip . This KP26MIXXPM , 600 Series 6-Quart stand mixer , makes short work of the job .
 This is my second KitchenAid Pro Series mixer I own . I use one in my workshop and this one for my kitchen . I would be lost without this , I use it all the time . I can even make monster cookies now and my old Sun Beam mixer would n't let me do that . Now I am looking forward to getting some of the attachments !
 This is my second KitchenAid mixer . After many , many years of faithful service , my old one was put to rest . And at the great deal I got on this one , it was more cost effective to replace it instead of getting it repaired . I could n't go wrong . Who would n't want a bigger , better , faster , newer piece of machinery ?! When I was growing up , I learned to cook with a mixer where the beaters were stationary and the bowl spun . With my original KitchenAid , it took a while to get used to stopping the mixer to scrape the sides . With the professional series , I was worried that I would n't like the bowl-lift style , but I have n't found it to be annoying at all . That was probably my biggest concern when I decided to buy it . The performance is great . It kneads my bread dough , double batches of cinnamon rolls -LRB- better than Cinnabon , if I may say so myself -RRB- , cookie dough , whips egg whites , marshmallows , and mixes cake batters with equal aplomb . I highly recommend this mixer . I am so happy I got it .
 Mixer works great and was well worth the money . I have used this mixer for thick mixes such as icing , and cookie dough it has handled it with no problems .
 I 've been wanting a nice stand mixer forever . I do a considerable amount of cooking and have always liked the idea of having a nice big mixer with the ability to add various attachments for pasta making , sausage , grinding meat , etc.When I saw the price of the mixer drop , I just could n't resist . Since I 've gotten it , I do n't know how I lived without it . Great product and I got it at an AMAZINGLY slick price.I would and have recommended this product to anyone I talk to that does any type of cooking .
 I waited so long to buy the mixer . Found the right price on Amazon ... ordered it and it was shipped and received in time for Christmas . It was worth the wait . I am an avid Baker and now I do so much more . I really enjoy all the Kitchaid products I have . I am looking forward to making pasta next ...
 I bought this mixer to replace a Sunbeam that I had used for years that finally quit . I decided a long time ago that when I replaced my old mixer it would be with a KitchenAid . After reading the reviews of different models , I decided on the Pro 600 with 6 qt bowl . I do a lot of baking & it has handled anything that I have used it for with ease . It is truly a powerhouse . I can mix 2 pound cakes in it at once with no problem & the 6 qt bowl is large enough to hold them . I considered ordering one with a tilt head - it would just make removing the beater a little easier . But , of course , if I had selected the tilt head , I would have had to give up the 6 qt bowl . I am so happy with this purchase .
 I love using this mixer ! But beware ... if you think you 'll put it in a cabinet , and then pull it out on the counter top as you need it ... I would n't do that ! It 's almost 30 lbs ! So where you set it , make sure you can use it at that same spot , so you do n't have to move it . Even dragging it on the counter is a pain . And if you wait for Thanksgiving time , when it will be on sale , may be there will be manufacturer 's rebate as well ! This thing ended up costing me $ 209 right here , with the rebate !!!
 Me and my wife have used this blender for 4 years and have done everything from cake baking , bread making -LRB- low volume -RRB- and pastries . We upgraded to the meat grinder to make our own ground beef and loved that attachment as well . Our only issue with this blender was only having one bowl and cleaning the binding of the handle , there is a gap in there that takes time ot get clean if you get stuff in it -LRB- we have 2 kids , they love to help -RRB- . Overall very satisfied with the money spent on this item .
 I bought this stand mixer for my wife for Christmas , but I think I have used it more than she has . We have used it to make mashed potatoes and several loaves of bread and it does an excellent job .
 Love it ! Love it ! I order one for me one for a gift ... problem was rebate offer . I had both shipped to one address but rebate was one rebate per address . I contacted AMAZON and they fixed the rebate problem ... Thank You so much Amazon . . the rebate made a big difference in the price . The mixer ... well that speaks for itself . I 've use many different brands and this one is the best . Enough power to make those Choc . Chip cookies that take so much power to mix .
 I bought it and when it arrived I thought oh brother this is huge but ... after using it a few times and seeing what it can do I am thrilled with it ... bread dough in seconds it mixes so well ... cookie dough a breeze ... only have to stop once to clean the sides and then its done ... wonderful product .
 The 6qt bowl can conveniently accommodate my double or tripple receipe.The 14 flour power is very useful for a thick cookie dough.KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl
 I love to bake and i would be lost without this guy . I can make two bundt cakes at once in this -LCB- i love to share goodies with friends and neighbors -RCB- . I just wish the blades were made of stainless steel and were dishwasher safe .
 I just received my mixer so I can not say anything about it 's functioning ... although I am confident I will be pleased . I just wanted to remark about the `` licorice '' color option . It is a matte finish similar to a titanium color ... it is really classy looking and will look great with my other kitchen appliances . I could not be happier ... not to mention I got a great deal on Amazon !
 Great product , have used several times since purchace . Only downfall I would say is that the product did not come with seperate packaging . It was shipped/received in it 's original box with a picture of the product right on the box.f Thank God that no one decided to take my mixer.THIS THING IS REALLY LOUD ! It got loud a few times after I purchased it . Like gears are grinding or something ... I still use it .
 Bottom line , there is no substitute for a Kitchen Aid mixer , if you do n't have one you need to get one . I 'm very happy with mine but I will add that I do n't think they quality control at Kitchen Aid is what it used to be ; When I select a speed there is a slight delay before the motor starts , this is a little annoying as the units I 've used in the past responded instantly , but I 'll survive : -RRB-
 I bought the mixer for my sister who is a big time cook . She can spend an entire weekend in her kitchen . She absolutly adores the mixer and says that she wishes she had bought one 5 years ago . Worth every bit if the cost .
 I had a concern that the blades would have a problem getting all of the goodie from the bowl , but it does it very well . I especially like the speed control . The stir level 1 is turning out to be a very useful feature .
 We bought this mixer as a gift for my mother . It 's high capacity bowl makes quick work of many projects . My only , very minor , complaint is the noise .
 I have a 30-year old tilt stand mixer by Kitchenaid that still works fine but it started to leak oil at the top of the housing . I chose the 6-quart as a replacement and it works wonderfully . And the &#34; Espresso &#34; color looks sharp in my kitchen.I mostly use it to make bread and pizza dough and found it to knead the dough in no time at all . The attachments on this unit do not have the round balance wheels at the top like the smaller mixers and that 's handy for adding ingredients while the mixer is running . Anyone who owns the smaller units knows that those wheels get in the way and splash the added ingredients all over.The flip lid on the front for attaching accessories is permanently affixed - which is great . Because in my case the old mixer had a removable cap that could easily get lost.Hmm , I think I ' l go make some banana bread .
 nice heavy duty machine . A few things I have a problem with but work through . beaters dont scrap bottom of bowl and the opening for the attachments is not real well made . but I do like it
 Always wanted one , finally got it . The only thing I would add would be the self scraping mixer head , does everything I hoped !
 This was a Christmas present for my girl . She absolutely loves it . And now I get cookies and cupcakes all the time . It was a win-win gift lol
 My husband had been telling me for a while to get a stand mixer . Quite frankly I did n't think I would use it . Well , I was wrong , I have had this mixer for over a year now and I use it so much that it has a permanent place on my counter top . Some of the things I use it for are Mashed Potatoes -LRB- I 've done up to 10 pounds -RRB- , Meatloaf , Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough , White Bread Dough , Doggie cookies , Cake Mix and Whipping Cream.We also have the pasta maker and ravioli maker attachment , they are a really cool feature , but just too much work for me . I highly recommend this stand mixer . We did post a video on YouTube demonstrating some of items above . If you are interested , just search WeRmudfun on YouTube .
 My better half had always wanted a stand mixer , so amazingly , one arrived this year under the tree . She has used it a few times now and loves it . Only minor issue is with getting the bowl off and on . The muted black Licorice color was perfect for our kitchen too .
 This professional KitchenAid Mixer can handle no job to big or to small . Can make one dozen or ten dozen cookies in this mixer if you wanted . Very Good KitchenAid .
 I only ask myself how I cooked and baked without this piece of equipment . Aside from being noisy , I have no complaints . It makes tasks like preparing cookie dough , which used to be time consuming and be murder on my arms , into a simple task . Anyone who wants to bake from scratch for its health benefits over convenience foods will benefit enormously from a kitchen aid . I opted for one of the heavy duty ones so that I could be sure it would hold up to frequent use .
 I have been wanting this mixer for years and finally got it as a birthday present from my husband . It came just in time for holiday baking and it worked great . I was able to make double the amount of cookie batter and cut my time in half .
 Very easy to operate . The spiral dogh hook is perfect for bread . The 575 watt motor is great . It works equally well with an egg white or 14 cups of flour .
 I used a mixer like this a few years ago and knew then that the next mixer I would buy would be a KitchenAid . Now that I have one , I am so pleased with its performance . It was worth the wait .
 I ordered this mixer when it was on sale . I received it and it did n't come in the manufacturer 's box so I was n't able to get my rebate . I called customer service and they sent out a new one -LRB- free of charge -RRB- in which I received it the following day . The new one came in the correct box with all the pieces . I was very pleased with amazon 's customer service . The mixer itself is HUGE ! I use it weekly . I can easily double recipes and still have room to spare . I love my kitchenaid mixer !
 This is the best mixer that you will ever have to own . Use it for everything from scratch receipes to box mixes . Not to mention making dough . Wow ...
 Bought this for my wife and she absolutely loves it I would say anyone looking for a mixer kitchen aid is the way to go they are very well made . And not to mention they are made in america .
 I love it ... it came quickly . I was excited to see it so promtly . It was exactly what I wanted . I cant wait to start using it ! Thank you .
 I have carpul tunnel and my husband wanted to get this for me so I did n't have to use a hand held mixer , it works get for me
 I enjoy my older unit very much , and if this unit is close to it then it should be 5 * . Very fast delivery from Amazon .
 was as expected . strong . had no , problem getting the rebate which made it cheaper than most less powerful ones . Would but this unit again
 Beautiful mixer at an unbeatable price ! The power in this model is the way to go especially if you make bread . I shopped for a long time before making the decision to purchase and Amazon beat the competitors handsdown !!
 This mixer is now one of the most used items in my kitchen ! There were other reviews I had read about the mixer being loud ... It 's quieter than my hand mixer ! I love it . So far I have made wheat bread , cookies and banana nut bread ! All have turned out perfect !
 For anyone considering purchasing a Kitchen-Aid mixer and is not sure if they want to spend that kind of money , let me tell you , it is sooo worth it ! I grew up on Sunbeam ... my mom had an old 1950 's one that still worked like new , and I used it up until I was 19 -LRB- I am now 25 -RRB- . After I left home , I needed a mixer , so I bought a Sunbeam . It took about 30-45 minutes to make whipped cream . So , I broke down , got together $ 300 , and bought the Kitchen Aid , my dream mixer . What a difference ! I can whip a whole pint of cream in about 5-7 minutes . If you are considering buying a Kitchen-Aid , I say do it . I bake a LOT , and the time this mixer saves me in the kitchen was well worth the money I spent , and it is built to last forever . I know I 'll never need to buy another one . For anyone serious about baking , I say go for it . Trust me , you will never want to use another mixer aagin .
 After reading all of the glowing reviews , and then the few negative reviews , I had some doubts about ordering the king of all mixers . But the price -LRB- it ended up to be $ 219 , no tax , no shipping -RRB- convinced me and I ordered it.For starters , I ordered it Monday and it was on my front porch on Tuesday . I did n't have time to change my mind ! I 'm still in shock.It 's a few days old , and I 've used it constantly . There are some big differences between this mixer and my little baby Artisan . The noise is doubled , for sure . I also had n't thought about measuring the height of this baby - it does n't fit under my counter ! And the first bread recipe I tried would n't knead - my guess is the recipe was TOO SMALL for the mixer!That said , it works phenomenally . The noise seems necessary to support the power . I whipped up butter for a cake , and the cake recipe , in no time at all . I made some another yeast recipe -LRB- doubled ! -RRB- and found it worked perfectly.This machine is not necessary for your average baker/cook . But I sure love it !
 These are amazing to have ! The 6 quart is worth the extra $ 100 . You never run out of room or have flour spilling out of the bowl . This is a strong machine and Amazon offers the biggest selection of colors that I 've found . I love my kitchen aid and will never go without one again !
 I had been researching this product on the web for several months and found the best price on Amazon.com . It was delivered quickly and I am now using it for all my holiday baking . Great product ! Thank you !
 We got this mixer a few months ago and it has worked great so far . Because of the large bowl you may need a big recipe so we use a hand mixer for little things . We also got the meat grinder attachment -- it does a good job , not like a commercial grinder but good .
 I received product in timely manner and it has performed flawlessly . I have no negative comments on any aspect of transaction or product performance . It has great power and accessories make the jobs very easy . I 'd recommend seller and product to those needing such an appliance .
 I love my new KitchenAid mixer . It 's a very great investment when you love to bake . I was so lucky to buy it at a very cheap price in amazon at first I thought it was a used product but it 's brand new .
 I truly love this thing . I just throw stuff in it and it does the work . I even attempted bread . It came out terrific . Mash potatoes , cake mixing is so easy it seem like a sin . I 've had it for about a year now . I use it all the time .
 I had purchased the Professional 500 series about a month ago , but decided to return it since it did not have the spiral dough hook . On Black Friday , I found a great deal on a brand new 600 series mixer - final price was about $ 217 with tax and shipping . I wanted the 5qt , but since the 6qt had an excellent deal , I decided to go with it - it would have cost about $ 80 more for a smaller and less powerful machine.I just used the machine right now to make bread and it worked like a charm . I only used one cup of flour -LRB- trial batch -RRB- so , of course , I had to move the bowl around a bit . The mixer worked incredibly well and I could totally see the benefit of having the spiral dough hook.Can ' t wait to make a full batch.As far as people who complain about the attachment not being dishwasher-friendly , all I can do is shake my head . It takes less than 20 seconds to wash . Are people that lazy?Excellent machine !
 This is the third KitchenAid mixer I own . I have a Classic white 4.5 quart tilt-head that I have used for 40 years , and a 5 quart bowl-lift Proline which is about 20 years old . In addition I have an antique Hobart 10 quart mixer from 1910 . It still works , and I do use it.I bake a lot of bread and the main reason I just had to have this new mixer was because of the spiral dough hook , and yes ... it was worth it . I think the spiral hook is far superior to the regular c-hook for mixing doughs , especially very sticky ones like rye . Also , I have made very stiff bagel dough in this mixer with no problem . I think the slow start is a nice improvement , eliminating splash out upon start-up . So far I have been pleased with this mixer , though it is noisy.Pros
 Early this year , I finally bought a new stand mixer after the old kitchenaid stand mixer I inherited from my mother finally conked out . That one was over 30 years old before it bit the bullet . I purchased the professional 6 quart model since I wanted to do some bread making and also prepare rolls . I also bake cakes quite a bit . This thing is fantastic ! Bread kneads in 2 minutes . I make a lot more handicrafted gourmet type breads now , I never did that with my bread machine . In fact I gave the bread machine away since I had n't used even one time after I got the new mixer . I like the breads I create with this machine better too . Their texture is better and all around it 's a better loaf even though I use my old trusty recipes . The kneading is the hard part anyway , and this mixer makes it a breeze.Cakes mix in about the same amount of time or less . I have found the knack with the cake mixing is just to mix until the batter just loses that ` glossy ' look . This mixer is fast and thorough but does n't create air pockets in the finished cake like over mixing with a hand mixer does . I 've made dips and sauces and even whipped cream with this . I bought the slicer attachment and sliced appetizer stuff for 100 people . It handles everything I 've thrown at it.I got the licorice color and I highly recommend it . It is black and not super glossy , so it hides finger prints and still looks classy sitting on the counter . It is n't a dull finish either , kind of more like eggshell paint instead of satin or gloss . My old one was shiny and looked smudgy all the time . This one does n't . Mine does n't fit under the counter and I use it enough so putting it away in the pantry does n't happen so often . I recommend the non glossy colors if you use your mixer a lot and want it to sit out all the time .
 I am an avid baker . For the past 18 years , my KitchenAid Classic has seen me through hundreds of batches of cookies ; hundreds of loaves of bread from all over the world , ranging from the most basic to artisanal types ; hundreds of muffins and other quick breads ; and cakes galore.This year I gave it away -- in great condition -- to move up to the KitchenAid Professional 600 . I wanted the extra capacity to be able to make double batches of baked goods to freeze
 This mixer was such a great buy ! This mixer is the top of the line , and normally goes for $ 500 . I had my heart set on red , but I found it on Amazon for $ 299 in black or white , so I settled for black . It is beautiful , easy to use , and easy to clean . I 've made banana bread , a double batch of cookies , pie crust , a single batch of cookies , and buttercream icing with it so far and it has done a wonderful job each time . I 've burnt the motor out on several previous mixers , and so far i have n't even had to put this one on speed 4 of the ten speeds it has . I highly recommend this mixer !!!!!
 I previously owned the 4.5 quart kitchenaid mixer . I started baking cakes for friends and family and the capacity size just was n't big enough . My husband surprised me with this one and I am truly amazed . It holds what seems like twice the batter and is much more powerful than my smaller model . The pourshield is easy to get on and off and is fantastic . I would certainly recommend this mixer to anyone . The only downside is that it takes up a little more room on the countertop . Enjoy .
 Update 8/22/08 - This mixer still works beautifully . While I do n't make bread daily , I do make pizza dough almost weekly and I love this mixer . It also whips cream better -LRB- because of the flatter bowl bottom design -RRB- than my slightly smaller , older KitchenAid . I 'm still thrilled with this product and Amazon.com ... -LRB- Previous Review -RRB- Like the reviewer , `` Cats Rule '' , I , too , have an old workhorse KitchenAid mixer that is about twenty-five years old and has only needed one repair throughout all of those years and hundreds of cookies and cakes . I will never let `` Old Reliable '' go -LRB- I had withdrawal symptoms when I had to send it to KitchenAid for the repair which took a month -RRB- but I also wanted a larger capacity mixer . I purchased this one from Amazon.com a couple of weeks ago and so far it has been fabulous . For the first time in my life I made pizza dough , three batches in two weeks , using the KitchenAid recipe , at the recommended speed of 2 , and both the mixer and pizza dough are great . I did find another recipe that differed only in the amount of olive oil used -LRB- 1 Tablespoon vs the KitchenAid 1 tsp -RRB- which worked even better for us -LRB- slightly less crisp crust and works beautifully with the dough hook -RRB- . I found that if I use too much flour and/or too little olive oil , the mixer did vibrate a tiny bit but still kept mixing . One really great difference between the older , five quart mixer and this new , larger one is the shape of the bowl . The 600 Series has a slightly flatter bowl which allows better mixing without having to use a spatula at frequent intervals to incorporate the batter at the bottom of the bowl . I read all of the reviews before purchasing this mixer , which really helps , and I am looking for any sign of the gear box breaking -LRB- we have n't taken it apart yet to see if we have a metal or plastic box -RRB- . I did speak to KitchenAid before I made this investment and they said they would replace the gear box with a metal one if mine should have a problem . I intend to keep making bread or pizza dough each week , and larger batches of cookies during this first year - not only to test the mixer , but because the mixer works so well , so far , and there are so many fantastic cookie , cake , bread and pizza recipes out there ! My husband -LRB- voluntarily -RRB- said that he would rather have our pizzas than any other he 's ever tasted , and we can choose healthier alternatives by making our own - like canadian bacon or turkey , Italian sausage pizzas . I have noticed a difference in sound when mixing pumpkin pie ingredients , but that might be normal -LRB- and I might be overly concerned about the gear box -RRB- . KitchenAid documented my concern , at my request , in case I should have a bigger problem down the road . I might also take an idea from `` Cats Rule '' and purchase a few other attachments from Amazon.com . I am thrilled with my KitchenAid mixer , the KitchenAid company , and always with Amazon.com !
 This stand mixer works great . I ordered this particular model because I bake a lot of bread from scratch and I wanted something that could do a lot of kneading . I 've made a couple of different kinds of bread already -LRB- and a German Chocolate Cake -RRB- and I 'm very pleased . It 's a little noiser than I expected , but not any louder than a blender , so that 's nothing major . I 've found that it 's also very easy to clean -LRB- and keep clean -RRB- afterwards . The price offered on Amazon -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- saved me almost $ 200 too ! I 'm a happy camper !
 Almost 16 years ago , my husband bought me my first kitchenaide mixer , a 4 qt white one . It still looks and works like brand new . It never scratched , chipped or faded . This year for my 17th anniversary , he bought me my professional size 6 quart mixer as I have established strong baking skills and this skill has begun earning me some extra money . I love this mixer ! It is powerful , it is an awesome size , and has allowed me to work less as far as how any batches I make of anything . The ability to adjust the speed is so beneficial that it has opened up the possibilities to make things I could n't before . I would urge everyone who cooks , to get a kitchenaide mixer regardless of size . It will make your life so much easier in the kitchen ! This is an all in one machine that will last a lifetime ! I kept my first one , the motor has never broke down , and with my baking , I am sure that I will need to use a second mixer the next time I make a wedding cake ! I assure you , there is no other appliance in the kitchen more dependable than this one !
 This is the most powerful Kitchen Aid I have ever used and it works awesome . I do wish the top tipped up like the other models , but that is the only thing I would change .
 Quality you would expect , great price , and the color matches the appliances in my kitchen perfectly.The only downside is that the dough hook and flat beater are not dishwasher safe , they must be handwashed . It 's a minor inconvenience that is far outweighed by the ease of use .
 I 've always wanted one of these mixers . I have friends who have had their Kitchen aid stand mixers for 30 years . The onyx Black matches the other appliances in my kitchen perfectly . Easy to use and clean . Great for making home made breads .
 I have wanted a mixer like this for years , and now that I have one I am only sorry that I waited so long to get one . It is so easy to use and makes childs play out of mixing pie and bread doughs . I would recommend this machine to anyone who hates to wrestle with doughs and batters . It is so effortlessly beautiful . I look forward to using it . After reading some of the other reviews on here I have to disagree with the noise level of this mixer . It does hum but I expect some noise of a mixer that is allowing me to sit back while it does the muscle work for me . Love my KitchenAid Pro 600 mixer .
 I owned an earlier model of this mixer that suffered from the plastic gearbox housing . I believe this current model has corrected that problem . The original design lasted about 8 years , and then was damaged when my young teenager overloaded it with bread dough , causing the gear housing to crack . This new mixer looks great in the pearl nickel finish and is much quieter than the older model . These are great mixers to have in the kitchen and mine provides a lot of service kneading bread dough , for which it excels .
 We bought this as a replacement for a mixer that died . We could n't be more pleased with our purchase . Shipping was on time and the price too good to pass up .
 I can not say anything bad about this machine ! I am still exploring making things in it but every recipe thus far makes the job much easier . I have made 2 loaves of bread at once with ease and from start to finish had homemade chocolate chip cookies in my mouth within 30 mins!I am very happy with owning the 600 series : - -RRB-
 Absolutely fantastic product ! Very powerful and does everything it claims to do . Very fast transaction as well . Received it well before the estimated arrival date .
 I bought this for my daughter-in-law who is a better cook than I am . She liked it so much I gave my Cuisinart to a friend and bought the KitchenAid for myself . It does it all . It is easy to clean . The little mixing bowl is very easy to clean and useful for little jobs . Cookie dough is a snap and mincing one onion is quicker , less messy and no tears than with a paring knife .
 Great product so far . I searched for a good buy and I think I got a good deal . It arrived quickly and have already received the free ice cream maker . I have wanted a Kitchen Aid mixer for a long time and am pleased with my purchase . The Nickel pearl mixer goes well with my stainless steel appliances .
 This is the second 6qt machine I have had , the first went with a EX , so I bought another . It is a wonderful addition to any kitchen .
 Greetings , I recently purchased the Kitchenaid Professional 600 and so far it has been a wonderful addition to our kitchen . Many people have written both positive and negative reviews of this model , and that concerned me - especially since this was a gift for my wife and I did n't want it to be plagued with problems . For anyone who is considering purchasing this model -LRB- and for many who already have -RRB- , you probably already know about the issue with the gearbox cover that was originally made of plastic instead of metal . Supposedly , the cover would overheat and crack , causing the gears to strip . This issue existed several years ago and due to the number of complaints , Kitchenaid has since returned to an all-metal gearbox cover.However , after a great deal of research I have been pretty well convinced by a very educated poster on another forum that the problem did not originate with the plastic cover . This person went to great effort to disassemble his broken mixer and document what had happened and what he found -LRB- with some very interesting pictures -RRB- as he fixed his Pro 600 's gearbox.Specifically , there was one set of gears on a vertical shaft that wanted to rise upwards when placed under a load - a common phenomenon with gears due to the angle of the sides of each tooth . As he documented , there was a clip missing from the shaft directly over the gearset , and that allowed the gears to ride up the shaft and put pressure on the plastic cover from the inside . Over time , the plastic -LRB- which was never intended to be placed under pressure from underneath -RRB- cracked and the gears lost contact with each other and stripped.I now have come to believe that a great many people who have this older design -LRB- plastic gearbox cover -RRB- and have never had a problem do have this clip properly in place , and the clip is either missing or broken for those with this design who have had issues with their gears . This is the only way to reconcile why only some people with the plastic cover have problems while many others do not.It seems that the newer design -LRB- metal gearbox cover -RRB- now has the ability to withstand the pressure of the gears if the clip is missing , which while not a desirable way of designing the cover it does provide a certain degree of `` back-up '' if the clip that holds the gears down onto the shaft is missing or goes astray.If you were one of the many people who complained to Kitchenaid about this problem , they may have been absolutely correct if you were told that the cover was truly not the issue . However , they do get a failing grade for not understanding that it was most likely this missing clip on the shaft that was the originating cause and the cracked cover and stripped gears were only a symptom -LRB- albeit fatal -RRB- of the true problem.It also appears from some basic research that Kitchenaid has fully adopted the all-metal gearbox cover since around the first quarter of 2007 , so unless the mixer you are just now purchasing is very old stock you should have no problems with the gears in you Pro 600 . I have taken the time to check our mixer -LRB- which was originally purchased on November , 2008 -RRB- and the cover is metal and the clip is in place . On the flip side , if you are one of the posters who are just now getting around to writing a negative review about your 2-3 year old Pro 600 with gear and plastic cover problems then you might want to have this checked out.Cheers - Jon651
 I love this mixer.I have been using it for 2 years now . I bake pizza and muffins every week , more than once per week.Occasionally I make my own pasta and I use for other things too.For the Pizza is perfect , the dough is quite soft so I can knit about 8 cups of flour for batch without any problem.The Muffins butter is even softer -LRB- almost liquid -RRB- , so the limit is the volume of the bowl -LRB- which is quite large -RRB- . For the pasta , the dough is significantly harder , so I can knit about 5 - 6 cups at the time , which is the rated capacity , so OK , I bought and I use all the time the pasta accessories too.What can I say , for a non professional , but quite serious user like me , this mixer is just perfect -LRB- and beside that , it looks great to me , but that is subjective -RRB-
 I have a theory about these mixers . My theory is that Kithenaid had a batch with less-than-ideal motors , not up to mixing heavy doughs . The batch was too big to throw out without losing a lot of money , so they decided to go ahead and sell them , but back them with an outstanding warranty and excellent customer service . Meanwhile they would produce a new batch with improved motors , and hold these in reserve until the first batch sold out.That way people who did n't need a super-heavy-duty motor would get a perfectly adequate product , and those of us who make heavy doughs -LRB- like bread -RRB- would be able to get a new product with an improved motor quickly and easily , should we have any problems.My first mixer stopped on me during each of my first 3 batches of bread dough , even the I never mixed more than two loaves at a time , and I only used the two slowest mixing speeds , as directed . There is a built-in circuit breaker . I thought , no big deal , I 'll just finish the kneading part by hand . The motor always seemed fine once it had cooled off.On the fourth batch , the motor stopped , never to start again.I called customer service and have never had a more positive experience doing so . No complicated questions or requirements . They sent out a new mixer , which I received within the week , and included a pre-paid shipping label for returning the first one . They had me use the packaging from the replacement mixer for the return.And the replacement mixer has performed beautifully . I use it once or twice a week for homemade bread , always at least half whole wheat . I use it for many other mixing tasks too . And never once in six months has the circuit breaker even tripped.So ... five stars . Overall I am very impressed .
 Although my review is of the KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , the one I purchased wasKitchenAid KP26M1PSL Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Silver . There is a difference & I 'll get to that in a little bit , but it 's important to note that the one I purchased is the Amazon Exclusive version . Amazon clumps all of the reviews together the same since they are the same `` model '' . Just so you know , I 'm not going to go into details about the motor being plastic vs metal like the other reviewers did because they have covered this topic to death . In contrast , I am going to cover the differences between this mixer vs the original Pro 600 lineup as well as a few important items to note.Back in December 2011 , for the Gold Box Deal of the Day , Amazon.com had for sale a KitchenAid Profesional 600 Series mixer . Knowing my fiance registered for one of the 5-quart artisan mixers , I knew I had to jump in on the Gold Box deal because the price was cheaper than that of the Artisan series . But being the skeptical and research-centric person that I normally am , I had to make sure that what they were selling was actually a good product . I even used my friend 's wife for information , who is a general manager at the local Williams-Sonoma . The line of KitchenAid Professional 600 Series mixers that are on Amazon and other stores like Bed Bath & Beyond and Williams-Sonoma -LRB- KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl -RRB- begin with the model number KP26M1X and are available in a wide array of colors . However , the Amazon Gold Box version was only available in 2 colors . Digging deeper , I found that these two mixers began with the model number KP26M1 and were `` Amazon Exclusive '' models ... meaning that these were Pro 600 mixers in colors not available any where else . They are Cinnamon GlossKitchenAid KP26M1PGC Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Cinnamon Glossand SilverKitchenAid KP26M1PSL Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Silver.From a purchasing standpoint , the Gold Box deal was something I had to make a decision on because my fiance originally wanted a white one of the Artisan series , which is what she registered for for our wedding . White was n't an available color for the Gold Box Deal so I was conflicted . The reason being is because the KitchenAid Profesional 600 series retails for $ 499.99 . The Artisan 5-quart series retails for $ 399.99 . Typically you 'll find both of the mentioned models for about $ 100 off at most stores but the Gold Box Deal of the Day was $ 259.99 -LRB- down from the normal Amazon price of $ 279.99 -RRB- . So the Gold Box Deal made it $ 40 cheaper than the downgraded Artisan 5-quart price . But more importantly , there was a $ 50 mail-in rebate that was included as well to make the final price $ 209.99 . So if you were to ask anyone to choose a KitchenAid Pro 600 series for $ 209.99 or a KitchenAid Artisan for $ 299.99 , I 'm willing to bet that most people would choose the Pro 600 . So after doing some research and being assured by Amazon that their Gold Box KP26M1PGC was physically identical to the KP26M1X , I pulled the trigger and purchased it.Since this was a Christmas present for my fiance , I did n't get to review this product until we actually used it . The box that it came in was just a plain brown cardboard box with black text indicating it was a KitchenAid . You do n't get the snazzy colorful glossy box that you would find in retail stores for the mixer of the same type.Other similarities/differences between the Amazon KP26M1PSL vs the KP26M1X mixer are the following : SIMILAR : - Same 10 Speed 575W Motor - Same 6-quart polished stainless steel wide-mouth bowl w / contoured steel handle . - Same 67-point planetary mixing action - Same wire whip - Same flat beater - Same burnished powerknead spiral dough hookDIFFERENCES : - Color choices , obviously - KitchenAid KN256PS 1-Piece Pouring Shield w / Wide Chute is ** NOT ** included . The chute is a MSRP $ 29.99 part that I thought came with my mixer . It does not . I had to buy theKitchenAid 1-Piece Pouring Shield with Wide Chute . This is the ** ONLY ** part missing that separates this from the KP26M1X mixer -LRB- color aside -RRB- . Luckily Amazon had it for $ 12 , so technically this mixer cost me $ 222 total , so I still ended up saving a tons of money even having to buy the attachment separately.As for the rebate , there was a big concern on whether it would be honored by KitchenAid , as the rebate form did not have the model number KP26M1P -LRB- Amazon Exclusive -RRB- listed anywhere on the rebate form . While it 's too late for any new consumers to participate in this rebate , those of you that did buy this mixer need to send your form in . The $ 50 was honored according to other Amazon purchasers.Finally , the review of the actual mixer . Never having owned or used a KitchenAid , I 've only used various hand mixers and a cheap Oster stand mixer that my fiance got as a present a few years back . This mixer blows them out of the water . It 's very sturdy and seems very powerful . I have n't tried making any dough -LRB- which some say is the breaking point for this mixer -RRB- , but it 's been able to handle everything else I 've thrown at it . One of the reviews mentioned that it was `` too loud '' in comparison to the Artisan . Well I 've never owned the Artisan mixer ... so I could n't tell you if it 's louder or quieter . Regardless , I think this mixer is really quiet . Compared to my Hamilton Beach & Oster hand mixers as well as the Oster stand mixer my fiance has , this thing is quieter than even those . As for mixing , cookies , cakes , beating ingredients together , this mixer is the cream of the crop . Obviously since KitchenAid is , by opinion , the leader of consumer stand mixers in the kitchen.For those of you debating on it , I would recommend this particular Amazon Exclusive mixer to anyone . I still do n't know how Amazon is selling this one for this cheap because you 'd spend over $ 100 more for the same Pro 600 anywhere else . Although you probably wo n't get it as cheap as I did , you 're still getting a kickbutt mixer . Do yourself a favor and get this KP26M1PSL !!!
 ... I 've come to the conclusion that I will be happily using the KitchenAid stand mixer for many years more.I 've always wanted , and admired , KitchenAid 's stand mixers , and after wrestling with a hand mixer for years I decided to take the plunge when Amazon offered a lighting deal on one , and I 'm very glad I did . The KitchenAid is well built , powerful , easy to use , and , dare I say it , beautiful.Materials wise the KitchenAid is all-metal and is put together very well . The mixer is heavy , and sturdy , and with its robust rubber feet , stays planted in one place . The 6-quart bowl and all of the attachments are well made . I did , however , have to call KitchenAid and get a replacement whisk , as the one that came with mine was broken . They asked no questions , and I had a new whisk a few days later at no cost . The assembly to raise and lower the bowl is nice and smooth and locks firmly into place when raised . The 10-speed control is convenient to use with distinct detents for each speed . Lastly , the accessory port on the front of the mixer is attached to the machine so it wo n't get lost . I 'd also like to mention that the mixer is assembled in the USA , which I liked.The design of the KitchenAid is timeless and will look nice in any kitchen . No need to stash this machine away in a cupboard or cover it up . I have the Caviar Gloss , which is a metallic black . And while the color is quite nice , I can see why white is a very popular color , as any flour is instantly visible on my dark color.In use the KitchenAid is up to the task of heavy loads and does not bog down easily . I use mine about twice a month to make cookies -LRB- a batch of 5 dozen -RRB- or brownies . I 've never had any problems with the mixer and it is aging quite well . On the two lowest speeds the motor can make slight clicking noises , but it has never slowed down or smelled funny , so I do n't see it as an issue , but thought I would mention it anyway.The one thing I really dislike is that you can not put the beater or dough hook attachments in the dishwasher . Washing them by hand is not hugely inconvenient but I hate hand washing . I have , however , placed the mixing bowl and whisk in the dishwasher without any problems.All in all ... a staple for any kitchen that feels like it will last for generations .
 I have been making bread with a kitchen aid 600 for a year . It works just fine if you read the instructions and follow the directions . The recipes in The Bread Bible are almost foolproof . The aluminum paddle and hook are non-stick - every other non-stick piece of cookware I have needs to be hand washed . I am very satisfied so far .
 I have wanted this product for a number of years but the cost was prohibitive . Very cost price on this product . Very happy to get it . I have continued to watch prices at other sites on line , at stores and on TV . Happy with my purchase , best price I have seen .
 Purchased from Amazon as a gift . Many to choose from but did n't want something that would break easily . The people I purchased for bake a lot so the commercial model was the obvious choice . They love it .
 I have wanted a kitchenAid for many years , so this was my late Christmas present to myself , and Amazon made it affordable . It has proven to be exactly what I expected . This beauty will even handle a double batch of chocolate chip cookies -- complete with the chips too . Simple great .
 This professional mixer is worth every penny I LOVE IT !!! If you are planning on buying one also buy the slicer/shredder attachments and the meat grinder attachment !! AWESOME !!
 I bought this at least 10 years ago and it is still going strong . It is heavy and built to last . I 've moved it from six different apartments and no signs of wear . It is expensive but I look at it as the last mixer you 'll ever need to buy . I use it for pizza dough , cookies , and bread dough , but my favorite thing is homemade whipped cream . Chill the bowl and whisk in the fridge , then add a few cups of whipping cream , some powdered sugar , a dash of vanilla extract -LRB- or just stick a vanilla bean in your powdered sugar for a while -RRB- , and whip it good . I ca n't imagine how long it would take to make a killer whipped cream in a cheap old mixer , because this thing runs like a bat out of hell to do it .
 I bought this for my daughter who is getting married in September . I have owned one for years and purchased the same item for my two other children when they got married . I am a gourmet gook and have large parties for which I do all the cooking . It 's great to have something tried and true to rely on when you have 40 or 50 people coming .
 The mixer is exactly the one I wanted . Product arrived on time for heavy baking time . Thank you Amazon for being so dependable .
 We 've only had this a month so it 's impossible to comment on how long it will last . For now , though , it 's doing an excellent job of mixing whatever we 've put in it . In particular , we 've used it for kneading bread dough . It 's great for that.Note that Amazon carries this mixer in a number of model numbers . This particular one , model KP26M1PSL , only comes in 2 colors and lacks the plastic pouring lid . It sells for about $ 80 less than the others . Apparently Amazon has some kind of exclusive on this model . The only difference is the lid and the limited color selection . Otherwise , it 's the same machine as the more expensive ones and has the same warranty . If you like silver or red , you can buy the lid separately for about $ 20 and save $ 60 . However ... our daughter is a professional chef . She has one that she 's been using for several years and she says she has never used the lid . FYI - the last 3 characters on the model numbers only indicate the color . All else is the same .
 1St i own a KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer . less then 6 months a loud noise got louder . Called Kitchenaid received the major runaround . Finally one rep out of the whole company fill me in as to the untruth they were telling customers . It said all metal gears , but were not . I even had one rep `` Kelly '' tell me where i could have the mixer brought or shipped for repairs . At my own cost ! When i called again to have a fit i was told i had it all wrong that no `` Kelly '' even works there . But , for once it seemed to luck out . The item might be replaced ? Do n't give up . .01 / 22/2013 Changing my product rating . Update on a Kitchenaid Mixer . After that review was written almost a year ago finally had that 6qt Kitchenaid replaced . They replaced with a new KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer . This time the mixer has all metal gearing . I use the heck out of it ...
 Just received my KitchenAid KP26M1XMR Meringue White stand mixer Ordered from Amazon.com 12-28-2011 . Arrived well packaged in sealed factory fresh KitchenAid box as it was shipped to Amazon from KitchenAid . Serial #W 104 ***** . I could not determine the manufacture date but the gear cover was metal , not the inferior plastic one I 've read so much about.Included in box was everything listed on the KitchenAid website for current KP26M1X Professional 600 Series , 6 Quart bowl-lift mixers
 Love the Cinnamon Gloss color , perfect for my kitchen . Could n't believe the price on cyber Monday-had to buy it . Do n't bake or cook a lot , but want to learn . Took a while to get the beater adjusted , but now that it is , no problems . Have been making almost daily batches of melt in the mouth cookies for the holidays . Was kind of concerned after reading reviews about troubles with mixing small batches of batter , but just scraped down the sides once during mixing and dough was perfect .
 I 've always wanted a KitchenAid mixer , and although red is not my first choice in color to get , I could not pass up the Cyber Monday Gold Box deal for it -LRB- the silver sold out very quickly -RRB- . The red is more matte that what I expected , which is good . The mixer is also much larger than I expected . Unfortunately , it did not fit on my countertop due to the overhead cabinets , so I placed it on a rollaway island I have in the kitchen . I had my doubts about it being too big . I only planned to use it for simple recipes and average quantities -LRB- 3-4 dozen cookies , 1-2 loaves of bread -RRB- . After my first use though , I was very happy with the buy ! Now preparing recipes is so much quicker and easier than hand mixing everything . The large stainless steel bowl suits average recipes just fine and is very easy to clean up . The handle helps alot too . All in all , I 'm happy with the mixer and have already got an additional attachment for it -LRB- the chopper -RRB- .
 This is the best present -LRB- with a cord -RRB- that I have ever bought my wife . She loves it as much today as the day I bought it . We paid $ 200.00 for it 13 years ago so as you can see they hold their value . This will not be going down in price so if you are waiting , give up ! Bite the bullet and get one . My only word of caution would be to make sure you pick a color you can live with FOREVEEEERRRR !!
 I have been married for 20yrs I have wanted a kitchaid mixer for ever I got one now yeah it is the perfect color Expresso and it has all the bells and whistles . I am so happy I have not used it yet going to the store to get stuff to make bread ca n't wait . I love this and everyone should have one getting one for my daughter for a house warming gift just need to know what color she wants .
 I have n't used this enough to give 5 stars , but by all accounts - it is a very nice piece of kitchen hardware . Some of the problems I have read about for this product have been corrected on the unit I received . I would purchase again , right now .
 Found my amazing KitchenAid Pro 600 mixer at Amazon.com at an unbelievably GREAT price ! Thank you Amazon for making my dream mixer a reality !! Love it ! Love it !
 I have n't used it yet but have read the booklet that came with it and am impressed with what I 've seen and also the price of it though Amazon .
 My husband and I bought this for our daughter , she is a baker . She truly loves it . The extra large bowl , for mixing batter and frosting . She said it has a strong motor and is far better than her smaller regular mixer .
 I have owned a Kitchen Aid mixer for about twenty years and it still works fine . I decided to get a larger one and opted for the six quart mixer and it is exactly as advertised . I ALSO BOUGHT THE ACCESORY PACKAGE AND FIND IT VERY USEFULL FOR GRINDING , SHREADING ECT . IF YOU BUY A MIXER FOR DOMESTIC USE AND DON , T BUY THIS ONE YOU HAVE LIKELY MADE A MISTAKE . EXCELENT MACHINE . and bye the way buying from Amazon was so easy . D.L. Cain
 Very pleased with the appliance . Have n't used it to much yet but what I have used it for I love it ! Plan to make alot of bread with it .
 Everything about this purchase was positive for me , from the quality of the mixer to the accuracy and speed with which I received it . I ordered on a Wednesday and it was delivered on Saturday ! Price was amazing with rebate . The only reason I did not give this mixer a 5 is because it does n't have a tilt feature - you lower and raise the bowl . Really insignificant in the big picture , but it would have made it perfect .
 I have used this one time and I love it ! I will see how it makes bread today : -RRB-
 I upgraded from a Kitchen Aid Classic . I make whole wheat bread 1-2 times/week and absolutely love the spiral dough hook . It kneads the bread wonderfully . Before , I kneaded by hand because the classic overworked the bottom of the dough ball . The quality of the finished dough from the Professional is wonderful . The only downside to this mixer is having to take the hook off in order to remove the pan . It was something to get used to , but now that I 've had this mixer for several months , I 'm used to it . Another downside is that it wo n't fit under my kitchen cabinets , but it 's a small price to pay for a wonderful mixer !
 MY BROTHER 'S BEEN WANTING ONE OF THESE 6 QT MIXER TO MAKE IT EASIER BAKING NUT ROLLS , POPPYSEED , PASTIES , ETC. . HE LOVES IT -- JUST WHAT HE NEEDED .
 The mixer arrived on time and in good condition . Take note , though , it did NOT have a pouring shield or a 1 year warranty like the product info indicated . Instead it had a cover and a 6 month warranty . The price was excellent and it was refurbished , so I do n't have any serious complaints . It 's been in use since early December 09 and it still works great .
 this is the second time I buy this KA . Perfect condition , fast shipping , reliable deal .
 This mixer is worth the price . Getting it on sale and -LSB- ... -RSB- is just that much better . I paid just north of 50 % of it 's original price tag.It looks great . The single piece pour shield is a vast improvement over the 2 piece that came with my 4qt one . I also really like the burnished attachments rather than the white ones . The black caviar color is awesome too.Performance wise this mixer is a beast . Does everything I need it too . There is a little issue with the space between the bowl and the beater , but that can be easily fixed by adjusting with that little screw . Or as someone else mentioned , there is an alternative beater available with silicone scrapers on the side of it.If you 're familiar with Kitchenaid you 'll know what to expect . Great machine !
 This was the best deal I have seen for a few years and thanks to Amazon I finally have my own Kitched Aid mixer . I always thought I would inherit my mom 's mixer but its still going strong after 30 + years . My first impression is that the caviar finish is absolutely Beautiful . It has metallic flecks in it that makes it shimmer but it still has the overall black look . It had its first use on Thanksgiving and we used both the whip and the blender attachments . I actually do not prefer the burnished flat beater to the one with the Artisan but I can easily purchase another beater if that becomes an issue . Also the pouring shield is plastic and since my first use was yesterday I can not comment yet regarding its durability . Overall I am very pleased and hope this will last as long as the one my mom had for me to give to my daughter .
 I looked over all the popular brands of mixers for quite a while . I considered the Cuisinart , Viking , Artisian , and of course , the pro model . I know there are tons of bad complaints about these mixers and the Artisians . It came down to me deciding that I really only baked cakes and such and never really intended to make much bread or beat heavier types of batters . I think if I planned on it , I would have bought the Viking . It is a bit pricier and customer service is for the birds with only one or two repair facilities . I have used the pro for a couple of months and can say the following : PROS :1 . Good fit and finish-beater was hitting bowl every once and a while and had to adjust was the only issue2 . utensils seem heavy duty3 . hand crank makes lifting and lowering bowl a breeze.CONS :1 . the `` soft start '' where the beaters start at a low speed and then speed up to the selected speed can sometimes cause messes .2 . The nickel finish was not quite what I had hoped for and I am thinking I might have liked the chrome better . It is sort of dull looking and I would have liked a bit more bling from the finish .3 . The utensils are not dishwasher safe and that sometimes is a pain cleaning them . The pro should certainly have dishwasher safe ones for the price .
 Bought just in time for Christmas baking and boy what a treat.Black Friday special $ 249.99 including tax and shipping was too good to pass up . After 20 years of nursing along my Oster all plastic stand mixer with the power of a toy car with worn out batteries , it was time for a change!Noticed a few things ; Beaters do n't come all the way to the side of the bowl so if you are beating cold butter , the butter will stick to the side of the bowl and had to be peeled off with a spatula . Once all the ingredients loosen up the mixer worked great.Plastic splash guard bowl cover a pain . If you are beating something on high I can see that it would prevent ingredients from flying out , but on low speeds which will handle most baking recipes it is a bit over the top.Easily handled a 6 cup of flour gingerbread recipe and my Mom 's 6 cup of ingredients cookie recipe both at speeds 2-4 :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . Clean up easier , no nooks and crannies on the stand.Thank you Amazon for such a great deal , made enough cookies for everyone in town . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I received the 600 series Professional 6 Qt stand mixer as a Christmas gift from my husband this year , and I am loving it even more than I thought I would ! It is so easy to use and also easy to clean . I have wanted one for years and waited until I could get a deal on the 6 qt model because I do a lot of heavy baking during the holiday season . This thing does it all . I can not wait to get some more attachments so that I can try many other recipes . If you are new to stand mixers as I am , you will be impressed . A few years ago , we began replacing all the small appliances in my kitchen with Kitchenaid brand and we have loved every peice of Kitchenaid that we have purchased . They are quality and you just ca n't kill 'em . I cook everything from scratch and enjoy making family dinners every night . There is one thing about the stand mixer that is different from hand mixing or using electric beaters . The first couple things I made turned out a little different texture wise because the stand mixer whips and mixes much more efficiently and faster than electric mixers do so it does take a little getting used to before you know how long to mix different things . You just have to play around a little and adjust your mixing time accordingly . I admit that I overmixed the first few things until I got the hang of it , especially yeast breads . Now that I have gotten to use my machine a little , I am loving the fact that I can put something in there and walk away for a minute and multi-task . Every busy mom should have one of these stand mixers !!! Oh , and Kitchenaid is the BEST company if you should have a problem . They have excellent warranties and replacement policy , no questions asked and you can order even a part or piece to almost anything they make and not have to replace the whole appliance ... how cool is that !
 I have had my mixer for about 2 months now and I wanted to try as much as I could before I reviewed it . So far 2 months of bread , pizza , cookies , cakes , griding meat and pasta dough has proven to all be awesome ! I make bread weekly and kneading in my mixer alone makes it worth the money . I have one very small conplaint , if you even want to call it that . I wish a 5 qt bowl was an option . When making whip cream or whipping egg whites unless I have 5 cups of cream or 12 eggs the 6 qt bowl is way to big . I have to use my hand mixer for this but I really do n't mind . Like I said for all I can do in the KA it was worth what I paid . -LRB- as a side note , even my husband likes it !! -RRB-
 My cooking career as a know-nothing male began within the last twelve months . And I was presumptions enough to begin with some succulent recipes by Julia Child . I ruined enough good dishes by pouring hot liquid into an egg yolk mixture too fast or not mixing the ingredients with the bowl submerged in ice water , or boiling water , I determided that I needed a stand up mixer to augment my lousy whisking technique . My researh led me to a Kitchenaid and Amazon led me to the Professional 600 which , at that time , was selling for a major discount , without my state 's 10 % sales tax and free shipping . Being unable to resist the intrigue of new toys , I bought one . I now make creamed soups , roux , and have the patience to dribble in a cup of hot liquid a few drops at a time without getting so antsy that I pour in the whole thing too fast . I no longer hate whipping egg whites for French sponge cakes . I also bought a water jacket that really comes in handy . Face it - the French were making good food without electric mixers for over 600 years and one is not a necessity , particularly if it 's only used occasionally . However , as a serious amateur , I use it a lot and the machine performs enough basic chores for me that I do n't get so exhaused and/or disappointed to give up . And , as I calculate it given my age , I 'll only have to buy one for the rest of my life .
 I have had my mixer for a littel over a year now and I 'm not sure what kind of mixer other people got or when they got it , but the problems -LRB- if there were any -RRB- must have been resolved . I love my mixer and I have definitely put it through the paces . I have used all the attachments . It has had no problem with bread on several occasions , even really dense breads like french bread . It has been great for me ! It 's great for big family get togethers because it makes short work of mashing potatoes . Just dump them in , turn it on and let it go . It 's great . I 've never had a problem with the motor either . I expect to have my Kitchenaid around for a long time and it has definitely lived up to everything I 've put it through so far and I do a lot of cooking and baking . It 's a great machine that will muscle through anything and still make a wonderful pavlova !
 Absolutely fantastic ! The only exception is that the metal beater attachment does n't get close enough to the bottom or the sides , requiring freqent spatula scraping - normal , I know . THEN , I got the side swiper attachment & now it 's PERFECT !!! Glad I got the white one - easy to clean .
 One of the reasons this mixer is so great is that you can get it at an affordable price . The 600 series has plenty of power to spare . Very versatile
 Great product at a great price . My impression is that it is a well made product . It has not been used to date my wife but the likes it and I expect my she will be happy with it once she has the time to use it .
 Have n't really gotten to use it yet , but it sure looks nice on the counter :--RRB- ! I like that it fits under the cabinets -LRB- other series are taller -RRB- and the Nickel Pearl is exactly the color I had hoped it would be . I 'm sure it will be a wonderful mixer for all the baking I want to do .
 Amazon came through as usual with their great customer service . They spoke with KitchenAid about the confusion with their rebate form and KitchenAids Rebate Center not being aware of this model being included in the $ 50 rebate offer . The rebate offered through AMAZON on this product is valid . Thanks Amazon for clearing this up
 I just ordered this Item and in less than 48 hours my wife received it . Perfect timing . I will update this comment later to insure the quality of the item meets my expectations .
 I am a Home Economist -LRB- Family & Consumer Sciences teacher for many years -RRB- who has made bread my whole life . I have used a Classic Kitchen Aid with the 4.5 liter bowl for about 30 years . -LRB- By the way , I am saving the old mixer for our summer camp . -RRB- The Professional with the 6 quart bowl enables me to double up on bread recipes and make huge batches of Christmas cookies . I read some of the reviewers who had transmission troubles , and opted to buy the mixer anyway , knowing that I should not exceed speed 2 with the dough hook . The new design dough hook does an incredible job with kneading . I really enjoy watching it work !
 I love this mixer.I thought I would have to purchase a used commercial mixer to make my bread.Now I do n't and I am so pleased . I like to make 4 loaves of bread at one time . As I use fresh ground whole wheat , I was pleasantly surprised at the power of the mixing and kneading of the KitchenAid . The stability of the mixer while kneading was also a pleasant surprise .
 I love my mixer . It is great , I got it out of the box as soon as it came . But my bowl is tilted , and I do not think it should be . It sits higher in the back than in the front , and its hard to get on the pegs it sits on . Looks like I will be contacting Kitchenaid about the issue .
 I have only used my new mixer a few times for cookies and cheesecakes and so far I am very happy with it . My only complaint is that you ca n't take off the beater without lowering it into the batter .
 We previously owned a 4.5 qt Ultra which had served us very well . It simply was n't large enough for the bread making that we do . I found this model at the right price on Amazon . It seems that Licorice is n't that popular of a color , so I got the machine for $ 249 -LRB- delivered -RRB- after rebates . That was a price I could n't beat anywhere . It looked like black to me from the pictures online . It looks like black to me in my kitchen . It was delivered very quickly and we put it to work immediately with the holiday baking . Phenomenal . We made untold holiday breads , cookies , cakes , and quite a bit of pasta as well . The machine is a work horse with no strain on the motor . The 6 qt bowl is a great size for any mixing task . Between the bowl size and the slow stir start , we no longer have flour flying all over the kitchen -LRB- an issue with the smaller one -RRB- . We have n't put the machine to a long term test yet , but so far it 's been perfect . I read the reviews and did a lot of research . It would appear to be a high quality machine . I would have no misgivings about highly recommending this machine to anyone .
 I was a little nervous about buying this when I had read some reviews . I worked as a baker before college , now I like to bake for fun so I have always wanted one of these . With this I could make real batches of bread and cookies and other stuff like that . When I received this I was surprised to see it had a rating of 14 cups flour power . However , the biggest batch I made so far has been 11 cups . This machine handled it with no problems . The one complaint I have heard from people , and I would have to agree with is the noise . In the mixer 's defense , you have almost a 600 Watt motor . It is going to be noisy . I have been giving this mixer a workout during the holidays . I have made double batches of sugar cookies , bread and divinity with ease . This mixer is a workhorse .
 I received my KitchenAid mixer just in time for Christmas cookies . Was only going to make a couple of batches and instead made 9 different types of cookies ! It was such a breeze with this KitchenAid - a double batch of chocolate chip cookies made with ease . I 'm just a once-in-a-while baker who read many reviews before purchasing this mixer and I am very happy with my decision . Next I am going to perfect my pie crusts !
 This was an early Christmas present from my Husband this year . He had wanted to buy a KitchenAid mixer for years and I continued to discourage him . . why settle for this mixer when I could have jewelry ! I only wish I would have given in years ago . This mixer can do it all ! We have bought almost all of the attachemsnt to go with it !! Well worth the money for sure . On our first attempt we made over 20 doxen noodles with the pasta maker in no time at all ! The mixer has power to spare !! Do n't be a fool like me and wait to buy it !! It is worth the money for sure !!
 My mother purchased this mixer for me in almond , and at first I felt sick that she would spend this kind of money on a mixer ! But boy am I glad she did ! I wish I had this 25 years ago ! Mixing up the most stiff doughs are effortless . Mixing meatloaves and meatballs are a breeze . I love the texture of the meatballs that I have mixed in this mixer and do 5 pounds at a time and cook and freeze them . Why ? Because since I have this fantasic kitchen tool I can loads of sauce from the garden . The attachments are the best part of this deal . I do about 50 quarts of homemade spaghetti sauce from our garden and the combination of the vegetable strainer and grinder does all the work . I then use the mixer to make the meatballs . We can have a real homemade Italian dinner any night of the week with no more work than it would take to warm up a can of soup ! My husband -LRB- who is Italian -RRB- loves it ! I use these attachments to make fantastic salsa , homemade ketchup , and the absolute best tomato juice you have ever tasted . My husband just tripled the size of our garden this year , all because of this mixer . It sounds like alot of work , and I would have never believed I could get into canning , but once you have a taste of home made , and realize how much better it is -LRB- and how much easier these tools make it -RRB- , you just ca n't get enough . My 30 year old daughter who I would have bet my life would never can , had to have a mixer and attachments so she could do twice the amount of canning I do!The only think you should know is that the 6 quart is very tall and may not fit under alot of cupboards . Mine does not , but I had an open spot with no cabinets overhead and I can show it off there . And believe me , you WILL want to show it off !
 The 600 series mixier is a high quality productwhich will do almost anyones ' job for years tocome . And at under $ 300 it is affordable comparedto other large kitchen appliances.The claims that the mixer is too big , tooheavy , or too noisy is from consumers who areTOO PICKY . If you want a product that will last , it will be rather big and heavy . The ice creamattachment is great.P.S . Make sure your house is properly anchoredbefore turning on . Other wise the house willspin off of the foundation .
 The KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Mixer is the best purchase that I have ever made for my kitchen . I made some chocolate chip cookies and it was a breeze adding the flour with the flour shield . No flour mess whatsoever!I also was able to get the meat grinder attachment to get better ground meat at cheaper prices . Kitchen Aid offers many other attachments for this mixer.I really feel that the little extra I spent for the Professional 6-Quart was well worth it . Making Christmas Cookies this year will be so easy.I highly recommend this product .
 I love this mixer . Since I got it I have made bread -LRB- for the first time in my life . -RRB- It makes baking so much easier . Also bought the Mixer Bible which I love . Recommend this product if you are looking for a good stand mixer . Wished I had bought mine sooner . Ca n't wait until I do my Christmas baking , this will make it so much easier .
 A great product from a company with a great reputation . A must for the serious baker . It has power behind it , kneads bread without any effort , yet can make the most delicate of recipes . I use mine several times a week and could n't be happier -- ca n't wait until the holiday season is here and my baking springs into full gear .
 I am like the female version of `` Tim the Tool-Man Taylor '' . I have to have the best product for the best deal . I got it in this purchase !! I could n't wait to try this mixer . So the day after I received it -LRB- yesterday -RRB- , I made a batch of cookies just to see if it could handle a tough dough . It exceeded my expectations ! This mixer is truly the BAD BOY of mixers . I 've owned the KitchenAid Heavy Duty for 30 years and loved it ! But this one is the ultimate in mixers . Will last a lifetime !! And can handle anything you could ever think of to make or bake , whether light , delicate things to the heaviest of mixes . Now I can pass on my old one to my daughter , who has bugged me for it for the last 10 years ! Thank you , Amazon ! You 're the best !!
 Recently purchased this mixer and so far I have been pleased with my purchase . I was concerned however about how it was shipped . The mixer arrived in the KitchenAid box with no exteria corrougated box . In other words it was not concsealed and was clearly visible to anyone and subject to theft since it was left on my porch .
 What on earth took me so long ?!?!?! I have always dreamed of a stand mixer , but here I am closing in on 46 years old before I finally take the plunge.I absolutely LOVE this thing !! I quit making homemade yeast bread ages ago because of the hassle , and now I am back at it with `` Betty '' my licorice colored mixer.Rum cakes are a specialty of mine , and it is so wonderful making them with this type of mixer.My Grandmother 's egg noodle recipe , dormant for so long , is now back on the menu ... I just ENJOY this machine so very much and do n't know why I denied myself for so long.A friend has some attachments that she is going to loan me to see how I like them before investing any more $ $ , but I am so glad I finally took the plunge on the mixer alone . I may or may not add attachments ... This is a wonderful machine , I do n't have an issue with noise that some folks remark on , maybe I just expect machines to make noise and do n't consider it a flaw ... my drills and saws are a lot louder !! I have always hated my hand mixers that have speeds of Turbo , Mega-Turbo and Ultra-Turbo ... . I LOVE the gentle start feature of this mixer , and I love the hands-free aspect of it , I was forever knocking over my hand mixer when I set it aside to add ingredients ... ugh.I love this machine !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The KA 600 PRO is the most used appliance in my kitchen except for the stove of course . I was a little worried about the housing being plastic but I bought it 2 days after christmas . I contacted KA and gave them my serial number and they said it was made in dec 2008 which means I got it right off the manufactures fab line and yes the housing is metal . -LSB- ... -RSB- I make bread 2 loaves every other day and tons more stuff cinnamon rolls you name it . I 'm glad I didnt go with the cuisinart 7qt . Just the look of this machine is impressive . I ` am completely satisfied and recommend it to anyone looking for a mixer !!!!
 This heavy duty mixer handled the tough job of mixing up about 700 ginger bread men with ease . My wife loves it !
 I was a little cautious seeing some of the bad reviews but since it was on sale so I decide to give it a try . So far I love this machine and it has saved me a lot of time kneading the dough . I have made many loaves of bread and cakes with this machine and it is so quick and easy to clean . I also purchase the automatic pasta machine and pasta cutter attachments and making fresh pasta is so very easy and fast now , and two hands is sufficient . This machine looks a little big compare to the smaller models but I think the bowl is a good size and deep enough to keep everything inside the bowl and the kneading is more efficient . Many of the recipe nowadays are using whole grains and you need the power and size for the dough even in smaller portions.This is a great product and will get a lot of use in our household . Would recommend this product .
 I love the nickel pearl finish . It looks very sharp ! About the only bad things you say about it are that it is a bit noisy , and it 's somewhat awkward for mixing small amounts of things since a 6 qt . mixer is n't made for that -LRB- to be expected . -RRB- It is an industry standard for mixers and I would definitely buy it again . I ca n't think of making bread dough without it ... great for egg whites and cakes .
 I just recently purchased this mixer from Amazon . I ordered it one day and received it the next ! That was very fast shipping !!! The mixer is great , I 've had no problems so far and since it does n't have the tilting head , it fits right under my cabinets on the counter . It also reaches the sides of the bowl -LRB- unlike a sunbeam I owned -RRB- and I only have to stir maybe once.The only problem I had when I first got it is that I did n't know the back of the bowl had to snap into place so I thought it was broken . I called kitchenaid 's helpline and they were very courteous about it and instructed me what to do.If I could do it over , I 'd definataly buy this mixer again ! It 's better to have too much power than to have not enough !
 This is the 3rd KitchenAid in 45 years and this is the best one yet . It is very powerful and I use it to grind meat and make my own beef breakfast sausage and beef Italian sausage . My older model used to strain at the load but this does n't seem to notice . We really put a work load on our appliances and this one seems to take it well . The new mixing bowl and splash guard are very much improved over previous models . This is the best Kitchen Aid mixer yet .
 I love this mixer . I moved up from a 12 year old 4 1/2 qt . and am so glad I did . I 'm a big holiday cookie baker and this mixer was exactly what I needed to be able to do 2x , 3x and even 4x batches.Just two VERY minor annoyances : I do n't understand why KitchenAid ships this with the burnished beater and doughhook that ca n't go in the dishwaser - I ordered the coated ones from KitchenAid on-line and am so glad I did - you would think for the price of the mixer it would come with stainless or at least the coated beater and doughhook.I wish the bowl handle was on the right side of the bowl instead of the left , and I do wish they had a handleless bowl , just from a storage perspective . For my old one I had one with a handle and one without and then I could store them nested on the stand with the 3 qt inside them . I also wish there was a smaller bowl for frosting -LRB- i miss my old 3 qt . -RRB- . I wish I had bought this sooner , and am so glad I did .
 A noisy mixing machine . I am not sure if this is right as this is the first time we had a mixer like this .
 Last year I burnt out my hand mixer making cookies . I saw this on sale and just snagged it as an impulse buy . I figure at my age with 5 grandbabies that I should have one of these just as a matter of tradition - -LRB- I wonder what happened to my grandmothers ? -RRB- So I am stoked , its a massive work of art sitting proudly on my counter for now , either my friend will make me a custom cover -LRB- since the ready made ones seem to not fit or they are just too $ $ for my taste -RRB- or she will be put away when not being used because I have such limited counter space and I hate a crowded counter.So I use this beauty making my grandmothers famous oatmeal , choco-chip , golden raisin , pecan , cookie . -LRB- yes that 's one cookie -RRB- and then my Candy cane , choco-chip specialty . Also some pie crust for turkey pot pies with my leftover Christmas turkey . Let me say that not only was it enjoyable to use , clean up was a snap , it took much less time to mix things up and no burnt up hand mixer . The only thing so far I can complain about is the MADE IN CHINA stamp on my big shiny stainless steel bowl , WHY CA N'T WE MAKE THESE HERE ? -LRB- OK I really know why , but its just SAD -RRB- and yes I am sure the entire unit was probably made in China as well . sigh . So far this is all I can say about this mixer , as I have only used it three times !
 This is a wonderful mixer . While it can be loud , which several reviews and even the booklet it comes with will warn you of , it does exactly what it 's supposed to do and does it beautifully .
 Great product . Purchased this as a gift for my daughter . She loves it !! It was a great find for the money . The cinnamon gloss color is very rich looking too .
 I 've been wanting this mixer for such a long time - it 's very loud , but works great ... the 1st attachment that I bought was terrible - do not buy the small pasta attachment - it makes terrible pasta - too dense because you can not control the thickness
 I have just received my 600 Series mixer and so far am thrilled with it , however , I purchased it in part due to the rebate offer . Can anyone tell me where to look for the rebate coupon ? Thank you !!!
 I purchased this item on Cyber Monday as a Gold Box deal and it 's impressed me so far . I decided to bite the bullet and as my first creation with my KA mixer I decided to try out the Basic white bread recipe in the KA Instructions and recipes book . I 've never made bread before so I was a little nervous about what it would taste like once it was all mixed , kneading and baked ! With the exception of a ingredient switch -LRB- I did n't have any low fat milk so I used 1/4 cup of milnot mixed with 1/4 cup of water -RRB- I followed the directions to the letter and everything worked out as written . I did n't go above 2 while mixing/kneading and I had not problems . The bread was delicious and I hope to make at the very least a loaf a week ! I only gave the mixer 4 stars instead of 5 because though I like my machine , I 've only used it once and to say I loved it after using it only once is n't me . I ca n't wait to attempt cookies and cakes!I hope this link works ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This mixer rocks ! I bought it about 1 1/2 years ago and have enjoyed it for doughs and ice cream . Heavy AND heavy duty . I bought this one instead of one of the non-Pro mixers because you get teh metal dough hook . Ca n't imagine that a plastic one would work as well .
 Great mixer . Looks fantastic . You might as well get the ice cream attachment while your at it . I made rocky road thats better that Edy 's . If you do a lot of baking or just want a mixer you can pass down to your kids , This is it .
 I have owned numerous `` high end '' hand mixers and a few other counter top mixers . This model is amazing , the power output is very consistent and so far I have n't been able to bog down the motor . I highly recommend this mixer to anyone , it 's well worth the extra money since a cheaper one will only burn out and ultimately be replaced with this one . Save yourself the headache and go with this unit .
 I do a lot of baking and this has the power to mix big batches of cookies , cakes , breads at one time . The attachments let you turn it into other appliances while saving space .
 I researched and shopped forever to find the PERFECT mixer . I purchased the KitchenAid Professional 600 series for it reliability and functions . Amazon had it for the PERFECT price and I jumped on it !!! I LOVE THIS MIXER !!! Anyone who purchases this mixer will NOT be disappointed ... : o -RRB-
 I reviewed this product over a week ago . Perhaps that was for the manufacturer . I purchased it for my son and new daughter-in-law . As far as I know , they are thrilled with it . I can not rate it since I do not have it . Probably not a good idea to post this review .
 I purchased the KitchenAid KP26M1XLC Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer in Licorice after trying the artisan and being concerned when making a batch of frosting for a batch of cupcakes made it smell like the motor was to ohot and making odd noises ... if frosting was too much for it then what about cakes and bread ??? ... we have used the pro 600 for bread and cakes so far and really enjoy it ... the motor seems better and the tools that it came with are perfect for the beginner i am ... i am looking forward to many years of use and experimenting to figure out what else i can make with it!After doing my research i found this item and it was at least 100.00 less than the artisan was on any site or in any store ... shipping was really quick and my mixer arrived way more quickly than i anticipated it would .
 My friend 's were wanting to buy the kitchenaid 600 series mixer but though it was over their budget . When they found out how much I paid for the appliance they were all for getting one of there own .
 It 's fantastic , very easy to use and even though it takes up quite a bit of counter space it 's become one of my favorite toys . I 'm trying all sorts of new recipes . We decided to go with the 575-watt professional series not because we are serious cooks but because we had heard some complaints about the lower-powered models . I 'm hoping this will be indestructible.We got the licorice color because it was on sale , and it 's probably the one i would have chosen had there been a full range of colors available . The black is sharp , but it 's a matte black and does n't show dirt and fingerprints like the glossy black . It 's very stylish and functional .
 I love to bake and I waited so long to purchase Kitchen Aid because of the price , but amazon really stepped it up and I got an outrageous deal and free shipping . I love the mixer , it is a little loud but the power of it is awesome . It was worth the wait .
 I am very happy with this product . The only thing I would object to is the `` busy-ness '' of the Webpage . It seemed that I had to go deeper and deeper to find what I wanted and sometimes it was difficult to find who was offering the best price . All and all , though I would order from them again .
 both me and my wife have wanted a kitchenaid mixer pretty much since we got married 11 years ago since we both do a fair amount of cooking & baking.We also wanted the Kitchenaid because it 's all metal and still made in the USA . Since we have never had a stand mixer , I can only critique what i know . Our first thing we made was a double batch of sausage balls for a church thanksgiving dinner . It made very short work of it and was a hundred times easier than kneading by hand . We 've made batches of cookies and some cakes and loved how well it mixed everything . It did n't seem that loud , but i have nothing to compare it to . Since Amazon had it on sale on Cyber Monday and they had a rebate on top of it made it too good a deal to pass up . In short we are very happy with the mixer so far and have no issues with it .
 This mixer has been great for me . I use it for making bread and all sorts of other heavy-duty tasks several times a week . The bowl-lift design is nice for batters , because you do n't get the dripping issues that can occur with a tilt-head design . One thing to consider , this mixer is very tall ; it is about 3/4 of an inch too tall to fit under my upper cabinets , so I ca n't leave it out . If I had known this , I may have considered a different model . This is n't a design flaw , but it is annoying to me to have to haul it out of my pantry all the time . If you would like to leave it out on your counter top -LRB- it is beautiful , after all -RRB- , look at the amount of clearance you have between your counter and upper cabinets .
 Awesome mixer ... first time I used it was to make a high density fruitcake and this machine did what it was supposed to do
 I bought the mixer on cyber Monday and finding it very good so far with the wheat dough that is what I am going to use my mixer most for . I made 6 cups of wheat dough . Another thing is although the serial number of the mixer I received from Amazon starts with W14 , after opening up the screws I found that it has got metal gear housing . So , I am going to keep this mixer .
 In my haste to get the deal of the day price of 259 $ PLUS 50 $ rebate I did not notice the bowl shield WAS NOT included . I still have my trusty old K.A. epicurean stand mixer ... -LRB- which had 12 years of use -RRB- so I had a shield to use -LRB- the old mixer shield fit the new one -RRB- ! The shield is a 20 $ plus purchase ... but feel that this absence of the shield should be duly noted by future purchasers of this mixer.I am thrilled with my purchase overall . and the price is now 429.00 I saved 224 $ . . at amazon.comUPDATE
 I love this mixer ! Plenty of power and very easy to use ! Makes a bit of noise , but it has 575w , so it 's to be expected!Cleans up easy and looks very nice on counter if that 's where you keep it .
 I am more than satisfied with my new mixer professional 600 series . It is a solid piece of machinery . All metal , made in the USA ! I managed to get this mixer well under the list price , and with a $ 40 rebate ... nuff said !
 We initially purchased the Kitchen Aid Artisan mixer -LRB- 325 watt -RRB- on sale -LRB- 20 % off -RRB- at a local mall store . Contrary to what Kitchen Aid claims the Artisan struggled to handle kneading 2 loaves of dough -LRB- which is what most standard recipes produce -RRB- . About that time Amazon had the Professional class mixer -LRB- 575 watt -RRB- in the merangue color on sale for less than we paid for the Artisan . So the Artisan quickly got returned and we purchased the professional . So far I 've made about 20 batches of bread -LRB- 40 loaves -RRB- and it does a great job kneading it . The Artisan motor would get over stressed and lock up , the professional just powers on through . You do always want to make sure you 're not kneading over dry mixture , you want the dough to stick to the bottom of the bowl but not the sides and fold when the kneading hook works it . Great purchase so far , thank you Amazon !
 Love this mixer so much more than my other KitchenAid . I have made so many double batches of cookies this Christmas ! They turned out so much better with little effort . It is very powerful , which is exactly what I was looking for . Amazon 's customer service was quick to reverse the shipping charges as well . I will only shop on Amazon next Christmas . Ca n't beat the price ! Best deal I ever bought !
 I bought the 600 from Amazon , free shipping , not knowing how big and heavy it was going to be . Took a little while to get useto . I love it , all my Christmas cookies took less time and turned out very good.Cheesecake whipped smooth and creamy , the best I ever made everyone loved it . It did n't walk like some do .
 Used one of these at a bakery I work at part time and fell in love with it . Bought one to have at home for my mother and I. She 's enjoying it just as much if not more ! -------------------------- November 25 , 2012Updating my review : It 's been almost a year since I bought this for my Mother for Christmas and she still loves it and uses it all the time . She enjoys using it so much she leaves it right out on the counter for everyone to see . It 's definitely a wonderful investment to make as I am happy it allows her to do less work . I am happy that I bought this product last year and I know my Mom plans on using it this year with our family to make all of our different varieties of Christmas cookies . I have heard that some people have had problems with theirs in the past -LRB- Motor problems -RRB- but we have not experienced any yet . I know some people complain about the noise they make as well . I think people need to understand the power behind the mixer and understand that in order to get the job you are trying to do done it 's probably necessary . I do n't recommend using this mixer when someone in the house is napping , but I think it 's a great product to have in the house regardless of the noise .
 The professional 600 KitchenAid mixer is the first stand mixer I 've ever purchased . During the holidays we used it to make all types of treats from double chocolate cookies , to lemon ricotta shortbread cookies . It 's a FANTASTIC machine that is easy to use and makes mixing a breeze . Highly recommend . Next on the list , homemade whipped cream using the wire whisk attachment . YUM ! Would have given the mixer five stars , but this model is from 2011 and the 2012 version has a few minor changes that now after seeing would have been nice to have .
 My mom had this machine ! She loves it , I orderd mine and this thing dos the job well I do n't have to do any thing with my hand it dos it all for you and even better . I just wish I had purchased this darn machine long time ago what was I thinking !!!!!!
 If you want a stand mixer this is the one.Plenty of power , and easy to use , makes you want to bake every day .
 This was the best deal of the year for cooks and bakers . For years I used a smaller sized KI stand mixer and was very content with it , except when having to make multiple batches of baked goods . Now I can triple my regular recipes and save time . The power in this model is superb . If you 're a baker and bake for home , work , and friends you 'll love this mixer .
 I am in love with my kitchen aid ; however , the motor had an interesting sound after a handful of uses . I called the manufacturer and they listened to the sound of the motor over the phone . Immediately , customer service was ready to send me a new one ! I have never had a more friendly and timely response to a problem ! THANK YOU , KITCHEN AID !
 I bought the Kitchenaid mixer , 600 series , just before the holidays , and used it to do all of my holiday baking . It worked as beautifully as I expected . The only problem I will have is that is is 1/2 and inch too tall to fit on my counter , under the upper cabinet , so I will have to store it .
 Am very happy with this mixer . I like the heavy , sturdy feel of the body and the stainless steel bowl . Wish the paddle and dough hook are stainless steel too .
 This is the best mixer -- I will never go back to my old mixer again -- great design and functionality -- definitely spoiled me for all the rest
 Fine product had great service in recieveing it . Would buy again if need too . Well made product . Use it quite often .
 Great Item ! I love it ! I use it to make Cakes , Pies , to mix Meat , etc. . It does a great job ! The only drawback is that this item 's stand is really heavy so it is hard to move !
 I absolutely love my mixer !!! It has alot of power and you can make multiple batches of cookies , breads , or whatever it may be that you want to make .
 We purchased an off color model for the cost savings . This model is the 6 quart version not the 5 or smaller . The 5 and smaller you lift the mixer head up to remove the bowel . The head is very heavy and for my wife and many overs it was a pain . Plus the 5 quart model can not be under anything or you can not lift the head . The 6 quart model the bowel goes up and down on a control slided . It is great - the mixer can be under a cabinet and still use it fully . The power is great . It is also much easier to add items to the bowel on the 6 quart model because the bowel is wider . We are very happy with the unit and glad we spent the extra money for the 6 quart over the 5 quart .
 This is a very versatile and useful machine with a powerful little motor in it . I would recommend it to others . It is durable . This one has a 6 quart bowl and can hold a good size batter . I am very happy with it . I used to have a Hamilton Beach stand mixer years ago and it was not well made . It was cheaper , but the materials were cheaper also -- plastic casing , etc. . This is good solid metal and strong motor . It 's a good piece of equipment for the kitchen .
 We have been very pleased with this product . It did not come with the rebate so I had to download that but I am expecting it in the mail soon .
 received mixer on time . After a few uses , there were some strange knocking sounds and the engine always smelled like it was on fire ! Amazon was absolutely fantastic ! They shipped me a new mixer within a few days and I sent the old one back without any cost to me.Customer service was just fabulous!Great Job Amazon !
 This product is great for making bread dough . It is made well , sturdy , and very heavy duty for a home mixer .
 I am so pleased with our Kitchenaid Mixer . I have been able to do so much with it . No problems with it . I 'm looking forward to using it in the fall to help process our harvest from the garden .
 At first it seemed to make a lot of noise . But my wife noticed that the attachment cover was partially open . When she closed it , the noise went away . So far , we 've made several batches of bread and numerous cake mixes . The paddle for the mixes does n't quite touch the bottom of the bowl . There are instructions for adjusting this but we have n't done it yet . This machine is very powerful and very well made.Reighnie
 I love my KitchenAid ! I do n't know how I ever lived without it ! I do n't have to `` work '' so hard when mixing things . It is great !
 Just what she always wanted , and got it here on Amazon brand new for less than $ 250 . and free shipping . Pays to watch Amazon pricing .
 Its a nice machine , I probably did n't need one quite so powerful , I wanted to make sure it would make bread Ok . It does that ! The only thing I do n't like about it is that I ca n't lift the head back to put in ingredients . It has a pourer shield that is supposed to take the place of the movable head but does n't always work as well . Over all , I like it alot . Rose
 This mixer is excellent ! Perfect surprise for my family . It came a few days later than expected , but everything worked out ! They use it all the time . : -RRB-
 I already had a nearly new Artisan series 5 qt mixer when Amazon reduced the price of the Pro one too much to pass up . The main issue I had with the Artisan was that since the motor/head of the mixer was hinged , it moved around A LOT when I was trying to mix stiffer doughs or fillings . I was always worried it would force itself out of alignment or break something inside in the process but this big boy had almost no problem with the same mixtures . It 's slightly louder but that 's to be expected for a bigger , more powerful motor of course.I love the color , I love the huge size , I love the power -LRB- almost as much as I love what I make with it -RRB- ! As stated in other reviews , though , I did not like the `` raw '' metal paddle and dough hook . The aluminum -LRB- despite being burnished -RRB- oxidizes and changes color in a disturbing way -LRB- unlike the enameled Artisan attachments -RRB- and I would HIGHLY recommend purchasing a coated or rubber-bladed paddle and toss the factory one in the back of a drawer to use in desperation only ... Stay away from cooking with aluminum!Other than the attachments I have nothing negative to say about this mixer , it 's awesome ! Get one !
 Omg this mixer is amazing !!!! I had the smaller mixer which was nice but this mixer is so much better for someone that bakes and cooks a lot . I would strongly suggest this mixer to anyone that loves to bake . I bought my mom one for Christmas !
 It is such a nice piece , it stays out on my counter all the time . It is easy to clean . I can always count on it . The large capacity and motor allow me to make multiple batches which is so helpful during the holidays ! I have owned this piece of equipment for more than 5 years .
 I purchased my first KitchenAid 600 stand mixer . It is a dream . The motor is so powerful that it takes no time to mix batters . You need to cut mixing time because of the powerful motor you can over mix delicate batters . I would recommend with out reservations .
 I have wanted one of these for over 25 years and finally got one because of Amazons amazing price . It is amazing . The color is beautiful . Everything about it I love .
 Very pleased with my KitchenAid Pro 600 . Had been looking & trying to find best price . Thank you Amazon.com for the opportunity to get a great deal . Have n't received my $ 50 rebate though .
 We 've been wanting one for a long time -- a great offering through Amazon made it possible . Still learning to use it but love it !
 Sturdy , quality mixer . A little on the noisy side but expected I guess due to the gear assembly required to handle tough jobs . Wife loves it and our son and myself are getting sugar overdoses in a frequent basis now . Recommended .
 This seems to be a great mixer , however it did not come with the plastic spill cover and the raise and lower handle is not the same as in the picture . It does not have a knob on it just stainless steel handle . Also you should buy the beater bar that has the silicon on it so it will scrap the sides of the bowl . Be careful which one you buy . The plastic ones will not last . Get the metal one covered in white with the silicon edge .
 I have wanted the KitchenAid Stand Mixer since 1980 . I have made sugar cookies since I was a freshman in high school . Every Christmas , my wish has been the same . Santa , please bring me a KitchenAid Stand Mixer . I gave up on Santa and decided to take matters into my own hands . This year was the year for ownership . I started watching the sale papers and was going to purchase from a local department store . While purchasing Christmas presents on -LSB- ... -RSB- , I looked up the KitchenAid Mixer . Might as well , Amazon has everything !! I found a great deal !! I was n't even looking at the Professional 6 quart Mixer but the price was lower than the other KitchenAids !! I knew I would love it when I made cookies this Christmas and did n't wear half the cookie dough and flour on me ! I love the plastic shield that fits on the bowl !!! I am now entertaining the purchase of the pasta maker attachment . Great job Amazon for the low prices !! Debra Bowman , Oklahoma
 This is my third KitchenAid mixer over the past 20 years and is the best that I have ever used . There is enough power to do anything that I need without bogging down . The insertion of the bowl takes a little getting used to but is fairly easy to insert and remove once you realize how it attaches . The unit is a little heavy but I do n't move it around much . The weight of the unit makes it such that even at high speed , the mixer does not shake or move on the counter . My previous units were the 250 and 325 watt units . They would have a tendency to bog down under heavy dough mixing . I have not been able to make this unit slow down no matter what I have put in the bowl .
 This mixer is AWESOME !! I never believed that a mixer could make food preparation , especially bread dough so much easier , but trust me ... this mixer does ! We have had our KitchenAid Pro 600 for about a month and we honestly ca n't imagine how we got along without it.I highly recommend this mixer and Amazon had by FAR the best price we could find on it . Two thumbs up for the KitchenAid 600 and for Amazon !
 Very Powerful Machine , I was able to do more baking in half the time , because you do n't have to go bake and forth to make extra batches . Time saving machine . Love the product .
 Just love this machine ! Ordered December 5 , received December 7 , and countless loaves of bread later , I am a happy customer .
 I love my new mixer , it 's so fast . I di n't realize how big it was until I got it . I does n't fit under my cabinet , so pay attention to the height . I 'm sure you 'll love as much as I do . Triple batch of cookies , here I come.Ruth Rodriguez
 I got this for $ 200 after rebates and I would pay the full retail price after using it . This mixer can turn an occasional baker into someone that wants to open a cafe . It 's fantastic . I recommend using it with 1qt and 2qt flexible silicone bowls . The flexible bowls help in getting the stuff into the bowl without a big mess . I find that to be more help then the flour chute that it comes with .
 KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , MeringueI received my mixer a week ago and I am still in awe , with how it looks and works . First spin was for 2 pie crusts and creme filling , which came out perfect . Then on the next day I made two batches of cookies , another perfection ! Today I 'm gon na try some loaf bread recipe.I love the Meringue color . It 's very classy and clean looking , one that will compliment any kitchen styling . I feel like the Barefoot Contessa in her kitchen . She uses a White Classic Kitchenaid though ... I wonder when she 'll upgrade to the Pro600 . She should go to Amazon for the best price ever!The sound it makes is not that loud for me at all . This mixer has just a lot of good things in it . I will be in loved with it forever and ever !
 I just bought this mixer after 5 years of wanting one and never being able to find one on sale . Somehow I lucked out and stumbled upon it on Amazon last week for $ 250 ! I could n't pass up that deal and as you can see , it was a very shortlived one . I probably would have chosen Red if I were paying full price , but only Licorice was on sale , and I have to say it 's very pretty and looks great in my kitchen . I do n't make a lot of bread normally because I hate kneading , but this thing kneaded pizza dough for 2 large pizzas in less than a minute . I was amazed . I 'm sure it 's capable of much more , but that is all I 've had time to try with it . Anyways , this product is well worth my 5 year wait for a good deal and I ca n't wait to make all sorts of whole grain breads , pizzas , and pastas . This mixer is more than worth its hefty price tag if you make large batches of things . The motor is huge and could be heavy for some , but with the bowl raising mechanism , you can use it right under your cabinets and not worry about moving it around too much . I 'm very happy with my purchase and look forward to using it for years to come .
 I waited and waited ... . and watched and watched , and finally got a GREAT price on this mixer . It will handle all I want to do with it ; and the price was cheaper than a lesser model ! I could n't have gotten this at Kohl 's for a better price . The $ 50 rebate at the time was an added bonus . I think this is a wonderful mixer . My bread was all kneaded in 3 minutes ! It came out great too . It also whips cream beautifully . It was so easy to make my Christmas cookies this year . No more broken wooden spoons . This mixer handled it with ease . The recipes in the manual , at least the ones I 've tried , have come out great . I 'm now saving to buy some of the attachments for this , making the mixer even more versatile . I would n't hesitate to buy another one .
 This past Christmas I purchased a 6qt . stand mixer . I have found it to be most benificial , in having my wife tell me how much she loved me and the size was great . OH ! and it does exceptionally well in making bread .
 The mixer is strong and does n't strain when asked to grind or mix.I would have liked to have known it did n't tilt up , but that 's my fault . I use the pouring shield extensively to add ingredients .
 Hi all , I bought a KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl . It 's a great product and the price was the cheapest amongst online stores and local stores . After everything said and done , I paid $ 250.00 for a 600 series kitchen aid stand mixer . That 's a great deal . I have to thank Amazon.com for getting me such a great deal . I would recommend this product to everybody who is into baking.Happy New Year !!!!!!!! Zaki
 We bought this mixer to replace an old Kitchenaid that finally died after 17 years.We both love this mixer . The larger bowl volume and wider width of the bowl make it much easier to add ingredients while mixing . The slow start up also is a great feature that helps keeps ingredients in the bowl and not all over the kitchen . The power is great when using the attachments.Cons . The only real con is that it does n't handle smaller batches as well because of the bigger bowl . We have purchased an `` aftermarket '' beater that has spatula edge to see if this helps.I would recomend this to any serious cooks or bakers . If you are an occasional home cook I would suggest a smaler model .
 I was going back and forth on rather to purchase this one or not . I had read the reviews about the gear box being made of plastic and breaking under heavier use , like mixing bread dough . I also read that kitchen aid had fixed the problems with the plastic housing and are making them with a metal box now . However I still was apprehensive to spend so much and maybe get one that still had the plastic . I was going to wait . But my loving husband decided to make the decision for me and bought one for me for Christmas . I LOVE IT ! I have made several loaves of bread and cookie dough since Christmas . Hubby even made sure to check the housing before he gave it me , to ensure the gear box problem had been fixed . I am so excited and hope to have years of use from this appliance .
 This stand mixer is of the variety which uses a crank to lift the mixing bowl into the mixing position . I chose this variety of mixer over the flip top variety for two reasons
 I make candy at home . My previous KitchenAid mixer had a much smaller motor 325 watts . With this 575 watt model I can make whatever recipe I want without the slowing of the mixer . I recommend it highly to anyone that likes candy making !
 I bought the kitchenaid kp26m1xnp 600 series stand mixer and the accessory package for my fiancee to make life in the kitchen easier . It has worked out great.She love all the power it has and the versatility . If anyone does a lot of baking it 's the perfect machine .
 I HAVE A KA CLASSIC MY FIANCEE BOUGHT ME 10 YEARS AGO . THE PROBLEM WAS MY XLARGE BATCHES I LIKE TO MAKE , I GOT A GREAT PRICE ON THE 600 -LCB- HALF-OFF -RCB- FROM AMAZON.I HAVE USED IT ALOT , WITH CHRISTMAS AROUND THE CORNER . I FEEL IT 'S MUCH BETTER AT MIXING UP THE LARGE BATCHES , THE COOKIES AND NOODLE DOUGH IS SOOOO MUCH BETTER . JUST BE SURE TO READ YOUR BOOK THAT COMES WITH IT THERE IS A BIG DIFFERANCE IN THE SPEEDS AND TIME IT TAKES TO MIX . I FEEL IT HAS ENHANCED MY BAKED ITEMS AND MY HOMEMADE NOODLES , THE MIXER HAS NO PROBLEM WITH THE STIFF DOUGH . I RECIEVED THE PASTA ATTACHMENTS LAST YEAR FOR CHRISTMAS AND TRIED IT ONCE ON THE CLASSIC , IT JUST DOES N'T HAVE THE POWER , SO I DID N'T WANT TO BURN UP THE MIXER.YES MY FIANCEE STILL DOES N'T UNDERSTAND MY REASONING BUT HE STILL EATS THE COOKIES , NOODLES ETC.I 'M KEEPING MY CLASSIC FOR OUR FIRST GRANDDAUGHTER , AT THIS TIME SHE IS 21 MONTHS OLD AND SHE DOES HELP WHEN I BAKE.YOU GOT TA START THEM YOUNG!SO YES I GIVE MY 600 SERIES 5 PLUS STARS
 I purchased a cheap stand mixer a couple of years ago that died shortly after passing the one-year warranty expiration . I needed a decent stand mixer for casual use and purchased this product after Thanksgiving in a Cyber Monday sale . I was a little leery because a significant percentage of reviews commented about overheating , but at $ 260 with free shipping and no sales tax plus an additional $ 50 rebate and two free magazine subscriptions , the price could n't be beat.As a casual user , the mixer will only get significant usage about once a month . It got its first use preparing for the Christmas holidays . During a two-day period , we used it to prepare 12-dozen cookies , two cakes , two batches of bread and a large batch of whipped potatoes . The mixer worked flawlessly with no sign of overheating though , to be fair , there was never less than a 30-minute wait after hard usage.My wife wanted the mixer in red , but the Cyber Monday sale only applied to two colors . She opted for the Cinnamon Gloss ; even though she thought it would be more brown than she really wanted , the price could n't be beat . On arrival , less than a week after ordering , we found the color to be more similar to the computer image -LRB- more of a burgandy than cinnamon -RRB- than we thought it would be , so she was ecstatic . There was no hassle with the rebate , which arrived just five weeks after ordering . We ended up with a high quality stand mixer in a color we like for just $ 210 all inclusive . Ca n't beat that .
 I bought this because my bread machine finally konked out , and wow , what a difference . It 's so much more easier . I 'm glad I bought the biggest one becauce the dough really gives it a work out.It 's a little to big to make a half batch of cookies with . Sooner use the hand mixer .
 I bought this for my wife and she was absolutely excited about it . She has used this a few times now and has raved about the quality of this product and how much she loves it . We would recommend this mixer .
 I love this machine . I have made cupcakes , cookies , breads , cheese cake , and a multitude of other things . This machine does it all . Before I used it , I took the top cover off to check to make sure it had the metal gear housing and it did . Reading other reviews I encourage you to do the same . I would also encourage anyone who buys this machine to purchase the beaterblade -LRB- also on amazon -RRB- . It cuts down on your work so much .
 I have never used a stand mixer before , so I was not sure how I would like one . Decided to purchase this one when the price was reduced and am glad that I did . I still have some getting used to doing things this way but definitely am finding it easier in the kitchen.This is noisy but plenty of power for bread recipes . My only complaint is it showed the mixer with a splash guard . One did not come with the mixer and after a couple recipes requiring higher speeds with liquids I purchased one . Really helped keeping the mess down , recommend getting one .
 This was a Christmas gift for my daughter . It is just wonderful ! She can hardly wait to start baking up a storm . The color is a deep barn red and the size of 6 quarts is bigger than any I had found in stores . I love Amazon.com !
 To keep it short , the KitchenAid mixer , whatever model there is , has been the holy grail of the average home kitchen commando . There are other higher , industrial models out there that some of the more elite home kitchens may covet . But for the middle class kitchen , this is THE mixer . And it has lived up to its standard . So far , the gift receiver has used it for more than a few things I did n't think I would use a mixer for ... like shredding cooked chicken?A happy kitchen commando there is and a happy Amazon shopper I am .
 This was the best purchase I made . I have been shopping around for stand mixers for several years and am so glad I purchased this one . The bowl size is perfect and the power is exactly what I needed . The attachments make it easier to prepare many different items without having to buy them all separately .
 I will first admit that I ordered this for my wife as a Christmas present so I am not actually using the product.My wife has used this mixer a couple of times and I did once to mix up box brownies . The mixer worked perfectly and did n't have any problems and did a great job with the bread , brownies and cookies she made.The only things is initially when she turned it on it was louder than I expected . I did some research and found that the mixer was made with metal parts and the sort since she has never had one before I am assuming the noise is normal as it does n't sound like there is anything being damaged just a bit louder than I expected .
 The product was as described . Little bigger then I thought it would be , but that 's never a bad thing . It was shipped immediately and a week before Christmas . I am very happy w my purchase and the mixer itself is just as amazing . My girlfriend loves it and uses it always . If you need a mixer . I would highly recommend this one .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas . She had another Kitchenaid Mixer that swiveled up , and has wanted the professional one that has to bowl that comes up . It is a lot larger than the other one , and has tremendous amount of power . Since it 's heavier and bigger , she bought a rolling cart that serves just as the mixer stand . The thing she likes the most about the mixer is the larger bowl and the power.I also got her the pasta attachments , and she made fabulous pasta with it already.She loves this mixer !
 we bought this for our son and his girlfriend . she bakes and preferred a kitchenaid to clothes . we searched and found that the licorice , when we bought it , was cheaper than other colors and we finally decided to get this professional item rather than the artisan , which i own and so does her mom . they were ecstatic about the machine and are so happy to have chosen it over the artisan . the color is excellent against a white kitchen . i rarely use my artisan , preferring my hands and a wooden spoon or whisk , but when they visited her mom and tried to bake bread after having used their own new toy , they were thrilled to have chosen the right one for themselves .
 Could not believe I found this great mixer from a well established company for such a great price new . It works better than I had expected . The soft start is wonderful . . One downfall though ... having this mixer MAY add additional pounds from using too often .
 I was a little skeptical before getting the KitchenAid Mixer . For my entire life our family has made homemade raviolli for Christmas dinner . My food processor from 1995 gave up and I tried numerous food processors that were commercial and heavy duty but just could not handle my raviolli dough . My kitchenaid was delivered on Wednesday and that night I did a test batch . It handled it without a strain . I was impressed . Then on Saturday I made 19 huge batches of dough in my new KitchenAid . It was teriffic . Kneaded the dough better than any previous method . The dough was just right rolled great and we made 65 Dozen raviolli . I was so impressed I decided to try the french bread recipe that came in booklet with the mixer . I ran the thing almost all day while cooking my sauce . The mixer handled the bread dough like champ , made 12 large loaves of french bread . The Kitchenaid Pro 600 has earned a place on my kitchen counter .
 Great product with clean look and easy to work attachments . I think it will be the work horse in my kitchen for years to come .
 The KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Qt . Mixer is a very powerful , well-made machine . Before I even removed it from it 's box , I could see the quality . It 's heavier and quite a bit louder than I expected it to be but works like a champ and deserves a place on top of the heap of stand mixers . The cinnamon color is just gorgeous and is a beautiful addition to my remodeled kitchen . Forget about buying the cover , it 's too pretty to keep under wraps.Just a side note , I purchased this mixer in two different colors . One from Amazon -LRB- butter smooth transaction -RRB- the other from Goodman 's -LRB- nightmare transaction -RRB- . Save yourself the unnecessary stress and whenever possible , choose products directly stocked and shipped from Amazon . I have to give this new mixer and Amazon 5 stars .
 I could n't be more pleased with my new KitchenAid mixer . I broke my hand just before Thanksgiving and required emergency surgery and that meant weeks of being in splints and casts over the holidays . With this mixer I was able to do my baking I do for friends and neighbors during the holidays with ease and the use of one hand .
 This mixer is great ! I was able to make so many tasty treats for my family and guests for Christmas . It arrived quickly and in good condition . I would have liked to have bought the copper colored mixer , but it was 100.00 more , I 'm not sure why . The mixer works better then expected . It was the best price for this mixer I have ever seen . I 've been shopping around for one for years , but they were always too expensive . This mixer also came with a rebate for 50.00 . A great mixer at a great price with good service .
 This is a very versitile tool in the kitchen . I would recomend this product to anyone , just pick the size that suits you needs . We got it for several purposes . I hunt and use the grinder attachment a lot and it has plenty of power to make quick work of baking . All of the tools for this model are very sturdy steel and it seems to be put together well . My only concern with this product is the mixing bowl will pop out of its latch when the dough or mixture is very thick . It just has so much torque you have to keep an eye on it when making breads . Other than that minor bump it is a really great machine and we are very happy with it .
 This Kitchenaid mixer is really a top-of-the-line work-horse for your kitchen !! It is sturdy , powerful , and heavy-duty . Get a second bowl right away , if you will be using this for Holiday baking , or even for an easy meal . This will be the centerpiece of your kitchen . I love the licorice color , it is a flat black color , but has a sheen to it . Shows NO fingerprints , cleans super easy . I like using just hot water and a micro-fiber cloth for easy wipe-ups . I personally do n't use the pouring shield , but you may like it . I have all white kitchen appliances , with a vintage flare to the kitchen , with 50 's colors . The licorice goes great , is really a show-piece . I would never part with this machine , I sort-of want another one , lol !
 We 've had KitchenAid mixers in our kitchens for about 75 years . This is the first one where you ca n't put the beaters in the dishwasher . Seems to me they 're going backward .
 This is a fantastic product ! I had the 4.5 quart mixer and it was just not big enough for what I needed . I ordered this one and it is perfect . It can mix the stiffest cake icing without any trouble . Looks nice and is easy to operate . A must have !
 I would first like to thank Amazon.com for giving me the chance to buy this KitchenAid Pro 600 for the price of 79 dollars after rebate . Secondly I would like to thank KitchenAid Customer Service for being just superb . I called them to inquire about whether my stand mixer had a plastic or metal gearbox casing , and the customer service woman told me that all mixers manufactured after April of 2007 had the metal gearbox case , and mine was manufactured in August of this year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . Then I inquired about the flat beater which was received with a deep scratch through the burnished surface . The Customer Service Woman gave me the choice of a white coated beater or another burnished aluminum beater , and she mentioned that she preferred the white beaters cause they are dishwasher safe . Furthermore she explained that Kitchenaid does not offer stainless steel in order to keep cost down . I opted for the white beater which should be here in about 5 to 7 days.As far as the mixer itself , I have yet to really use it . But I should be getting some pans soon which will broaden its use . But I did give it a test run , and I was quite surprised at the lack of noise . I would say for a kitchen appliance , it was rather quiet . Sure its slightly louder than say a hand mixer but not much , and it is much quieter than any blender , I have ever used . Obviously I am not a chef or highly experienced cook , but I do enjoying cooking . In fact the stand mixer will be getting its first use tonight , so I got to go and start making dinner.Thanks Again Amazon
 This is a replacement for a smaller KitchenAid that is still working . It was my Christmas gift to myself , and a great buy . After a couple uses , the new one started to make a screeching noise . I called Customer Service . In less than a week , a new replacement one arrived with prepaid postage sticker to return the old . Kitchenaid Customer service rep was efficient and courteous . Such a nice Christmas experience . New one works great !
 I never imagined buying this mixer at the price I paid . That coupled with the fifty-dollar rebate made it too good to pass up .
 This is professional mixer . It was a present for my daughter and it has been used twice for bread and cheesecake . It handled quite well making the jobs easy . It is heavy and the different beaters worked well . My daughter wants to get the attachments to make pasta and sausage . More choices of colors would have been nice .
 I do n't know why I waited so long to purchase this !! It has made baking and cooking so much easier ! I can mix large batches of cookies in no time at all !!! Love love love-can ' t do without !
 this mixer is wonderful . It is easy to use and is quiet when in use.It mixes well and the attachments that come with it are easy to use and well made.I previously had a Kitchen Aid mixer and liked it as well . This one is an ungrade for my kitchen .
 I used my new KitchenAid mixer for holiday cookie baking this weekend and it did a great job , cutting my time tremendously from last year . I highly recommend this particular model for serious bakers !
 Received my KA mixer a few days ago and have been very pleased with the way it mixes the dough . In less than 5 minutes , with 7 cups of flour , I had made the dough for two great loaves of French bread . It is just amazing how well it works.I just have to comment on the color Cavier as it is the most beautiful color I have ever seen on a kitchen appliance . It is a dark , charcoal gray metal-fleck and just glows . I love everything about my new mixer .
 My husband bought this mixer for me as a Christmas gift two years ago . I love it . It is the second set of hands I always wanted . I make everything from bread dough to whipping cream with it . I have had no problems with it and would tell anyone to purchase one . The large 6 quart bowl is wonderful.Thank you !
 I purchased the KitchenAid KP26 M1PSl and have used it to mix up a batch of cookies ... It more than met our expectations ... My question is '' which is the correct rebate form and how do I get it ??? '' The forms that I have seen on the internet do NOT have the appropriate model number box to check off . ... Suggestions please ...
 The mixer arrived sooner than anticipated - and i 'm happy . it was well packed and in great shape . i used it the first night to make dessert ! Yum ! Something i 've wanted to ages and now i have it . KitchenAid makes the best mixers !
 I went back and forth between the bowl lift model and the tilt back . I finally decided on the bowl lift and I am very happy I did . It fits nicely underneath my cabinets , and I do not have to pull it all the way out to clear the cabinets to use it . The color -LRB- caviar gloss -RRB- is BEAUTIFUL . The product itself is amazing . Instead of mixing anything by hand , since it sits on my counter , I use the kitchenaid . I bought attachments such as the ice cream maker and my family is happy as well ! It really makes cooking and mixing a breeze !
 I love home made pasta and dumplings -LRB- with skins made from fresh dough -RRB- , which I have been making all by hand in large quantities for entertaining , for many years now . Rewarding but back-breaking work . Somewhat skeptical , I got the mixer to try over the holidays !! Wow -- it can make perfect dough -LRB- with the dough hook -RRB- 10 times faster than I do !! Furthermore , the resulting dough is clearly superior to hand made dough in consistency and resilience.Speaking of motor capacity , I tried 8 cups of flour once -LRB- fyi , the capacity is 14 cups -RRB- , and the motor remained cold , so I guess I can do larger batches . Thoughly impressed in all aspects of the mixer -LRB- including the price at Amazon -RRB- . Also bought the pasta attachment set -LRB- roller and cutters -RRB- ; while the 3-piece set is arguably somewhat expensive -LRB- $ 150 -RRB- , they are sturdy and work the way they are supposed to work.Very happy with the purchase , and hope this mixer will continue to live up to its name for a long time to come .
 I purchased this as a gift for my grown daughter . I was so impressed with the quality and value of this item . I was pleasantly surprised that the mixer was a more power model than I thought I had purchased for an already great price . Being the Professional 600 only made it that much better of a deal . Thanks Amazon for your speedy delivery during the Christmas Season .
 After delivery and return of three mixers - noisy and/or poorly finished - we received a fourth which is perfect . Congrats to Amazon for excellent customer support . This mixer makes short work of any whipping , mixing , or kneading task .
 I bought this mixer for my wife and she LOVES it !!!!! She wanted the lift with the bigger bowl , instead of the flip down model . The mixer and the attachments that come with it are made very well . The price was excellent ! I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good quality stand mixer
 Power to spare with the Kitchen Aid quality I had expected . Even better news , it was so inexpensive to repair my 1994 mixer locally that I now am the proud owner of 2 Kitchen Aid stand mixers , one is the 1994 75th Anniversary edition , and the newest is the 6 quart , and I love them both for bread making . Whips up a batch of cookies with no strain .
 Love the new pro 600 series Mixer . Just one complaint . It was missing the black knob -LRB- screw -RRB- that holds in attachments at the top . I called the company on Christmas Eve & they were going to send a replacement in 7-10 days . I have yet to receive it - 1/18/11 . Maybe Amazon could help with that or I 'll probably just follow up on it . Other than that I really like it .
 bought this for my wife as a christmas present . She loves it . Not worth spending a few less pennies for the lower end models . I bought this for $ 275 with an additional rebate .
 my wife loves to cook and her speciality is sugar cookies when she make them she makes a big enough batch to give away to family and freinds but her old mixer was not bid enough to do it with out making two batches . i bought this mixer because it is very big and boy does she use it all the time she very seldom use her old smaller one . she loves it and i could not get it away from her if i tried.would recommened it to any one that loves to back alot.the price was the best that i found any ware else and believe me i looked eveywere else first .
 This mixer is wonderful , it arrived very quickly and compared to my old KitchenAid , the smaller blue one , it rocks . My old one seemed like it was on it 's last leg , but I suppose after 20 years of hard duty , it should be . Mixing three loaves of bread dough , really made the poor thing 's motor seem like it was toast . When I started smelling it burning , I ordered this new one . The motor does n't even slow down with those same three loaves of bread dough . Very nice Mixer !
 I received the KA Pro 550 HD -LRB- available at Costco -RRB- for Christmas last year . I loved it and used it weekly to make bread and pizza and made cookies and cupcakes several times a month . Unfortunately , in October it started making a strange noise when kneading dough so I returned it . Costco graciously refunded my money . I contemplated getting the Artisan mixer , but after toying with it at the store , it just seemed so dinky and the tilt felt awkward and unnatural compared to the bowl lift . In the end , I decided on the Pro 600 . I 've had this mixer for a few months and use it several times a week . Overall , I 'm very happy with my mixer ; although , I do prefer the 5.5 qt bowl that came with my Pro 550 . Sometimes the 6qt bowl is just too much , especially when only making one loaf of bread . I have the 3qt bowl and combi whip attachment on my Christmas list , but it wo n't be useful for making bread dough . Oh we 'll . Overall , I love my mixer as its pretty much the exact same as my previous mixer , just with a larger bowl and no strange noises so far . Even the gorgeous pearl metallic color is the same . I am hoping that this machine lasts longer than my previous mixer . Right now , the machine is 5 stars , but I 'm docking a star as I have n't had it long enough to rate it 's durability . I also think that KA should offer a longer warranty ... at least 3 years . It 's not like I 'm buying a $ 50 mixer , for goodness sake . A 1 year warranty does n't say much , but I 'm a sucker and have convinced myself that my kitchen is a much better place with a KA mixer in it . I would recommend this mixer , but I 'd be a little weary and realistic about its durability . Also , do not pay full price !
 This is my second KP26 KitchenAid that I have purchased . My previous one stripped a gear , which we replaced because it was past warranty and then , a little over a year after that , stopped working all together . I think that one had issues from the beginning.I have had KitchenAids for almost twenty years . I have almost all of the accessories , from the pasta maker to the meat grinder . That is one of the reasons I would always buy a Kitchen Aid . I ca n't go for more than a couple of weeks without getting a new one . It makes making cakes , cookies , bread and any number of other things so fast and easy to make . I use it to grate my romano cheese , make bread crumbs , and roll pasta.Having an extra bowl is a must for those cakes and other recipes where you need to whip the egg whites separately and then mix the other ingredients . Actually , I originally bought the newer model 6 quart Kitchen Aid and discovered that the bowl was a different shape so my extra bowls did n't fit . I returned it and bought the KP26 again.I noticed that KitchenAid made some changes on this model since I got my last one . They tell you to not use the bread hook over a 2 speed now and it used to be a 4 . My last one died making bread dough and clearly I was not the only one to have that happen . My one before that died when the cover over the place where you attach accessories like the grinder fell out and fell into the bowl , getting caught between the beater and the bowl while it was mixing . That cover is now on a hinge so that it ca n't fall off . I hope that this KitchenAid is the last one I need to buy . My mother has had her KitchenAid for 40 years now and it works perfectly fine .
 I made this purchase as an upgrade from my old Classic Kitchenaid which was 15 + years old and still going strong . I made a commitment to make loaf bread for the family and my classic bowl was n't large enough for a batch of dough for 4 loaves . This machine is everything I was looking for . Big muscles and big capacity . It works like a champ and I love it ! It sits in a place of honor on the kitchen counter so it can be pulled out twice a week to do it 's job.Kitchenaid has a long history of quality small appliances , especially their mixers and this big boy lives up to the good reputation . Return customer , who does n't plan on returning again . I 'll likely be six feet under before this mixer goes to the landfill . : D
 I love this machine . I made bread for Christmas and it worked like a charm . It cut down my work old by half .
 Made holiday baking a lot easier without rtrying to kill your arms with wisking ingredients . Great mixer would recomend to anyone aand what a price after all rebates under $ 200 wow
 I have drooled over the KitchenAid mixers for years but never thought that I would get one as it was too spendy for my level of cooking . Well the holiday sale special on the Pro 600 6 quart changed my mind . I love this mixer ! I could n't believe the price and grabbed a deal . The mixer shipped very quickly and I have used it for making Christmas cookies . I will never buy another mixer except for KitchenAid .
 I went from having a Hamilton Beach hand mixer that came with a stand to set it on ... Once I started to experiment more , that just was n't doing the trick for me . My husband bought this for me for Christmas and I love it ! I am excited to collect all of the attachments ! The first thing I made in this mixer was sugar cookies , and I was pleased that I did n't have to scrape the bowl ... not even once ! After that I made Potica ... which requires a very labor intensive bread making process ... The mixer with the dough hook saved my hands from kneading for 20 minutes and it handled the recipe like a champ ! The only negative thing I have to say about this mixer is that you have to lower the bowl to get any additional ingredients into it without the shield .
 This Mixer is a workhorse . The Professional 600 series is by far the mixer that should be on anyone 's counter that wants to do serious baking and wants it to be easier that fighting that old underpowered mixer . I bougght this for my wife becaue I smoked her hand held mixer that was plenty years old while making the Cool Whip/Cake Mix cookies . This kitchenaid has all the power I would think you would want in a home mixer . Watch closely for sales on this one . Plenty of horsepower in the 575 watt . Great Colors . Easy to attach and remove attachments .
 I had looked for a KitchenAid mixer for several weeks . This was absolutely the best buy on the net or local . I am extremely pleased with this purchase , both the quality and price . As always , the shipment arrived in just a couple of days . Thanks , Amazon . You 're the best .
 Best Christmas present I got ! For the price I paid I do n't mind that it does not tilt back ! It comes with 3 tools . The red is gorgeous !
 The KitchenAid Professional 600 is for serious bakers . No rattling of the bowl while the mixer is working makes for a quieter mixer . I used it for a 1 1/2 cake recipe and it mixed with ease and it takes less time . Overall I was very pleased with the mixer 's performance , color and style . It also did an excellent job on aerating/fluffing my 7 minute frosting . Finally , I got a great price on the mixer via Amazon and saved a couple hundred dollars . In short it is sturdy , high performance , economical and durable .
 I bought my first KitchenAid mixer , the `` Artisan '' model , almost 20 years ago . It was still going strong and looking great , but I needed something bigger for my home based baking business . After researching a variety of products , I decided to stay with KitchenAid and buy the KP26 Professional 600 Series . After a holiday baking season in which I produced hundreds of cookies , cakes of all sizes and countless loaves of bread , I 'm convinced that I made the right choice.There 's a new feature - no matter what speed the mixer is set to , the paddle moves very slowly at first rather than jumping right up to speed . This prevents a cloud of flour or powdered sugar from popping out of the bowl and settling all over the kitchen . This might not seem like a big deal , but anything that reduces clean-up time is a plus . The pour-shield fits snugly around the top of the bowl and stays in place . It makes getting ingredients into the bowl much easier , and also keeps them in the bowl and off the counter . No more whipping cream or meringue splatters all around the mixer.I grant that the motor is noisy , but given the ease with which it handles large batches of bread dough , cake batter and decorator icings , I 'm fine with it . The 6-quart bowl is huge ! It is also very heavy , especially when filled with dough , but the handle is well designed and relatively easy on the hand . I have a bit of arthritis in my hands , so it 's sometimes tricky for me to get heavy batters into the pans , but this is a minor issue in a product whose overall quality surpasses that of anything I 've ever used.My one negative experience was with a defective starter switch . I had to tinker with it to get the mixer to come on , but I called Customer Service and got friendly , courteous service . A new mixer was sent right away , and meanwhile , I devised a method for getting the mixer to operate reliably , so all my baking was done as it should have been . The new unit arrived sooner than I expected , and worked perfectly . If it had n't been for the excellent customer service , I 'd have deducted a star from my rating , but my overall experience has been so positive that I felt that a 5-star rating was justified.If you regularly bake bread and/or make lots of big batches of other baked goods , this mixer is well worth the investment . I expect to be mixing away for years to come.Oh , and did I mention that the mixer is red and absolutely gorgeous ?
 I bought this with the black Friday Sale ... LOVE IT ! I have always wanted a Kitchen-Aid . . So I jumped on this . . I have used it a ton sense it first got here . . my girls and I love it we have had no problems at all ! the only complaint is that it is a little loud but . . my kids are really loud and I still love them :-RRB- happy baking everyone !
 My wife has been cranking out baked goods ever since we got this mixer and my younger daughter has even gotten in the fun , making cupcakes for friends and family ! The mixer works great , is really well made and has made baking a lot easier and is also a great looking addition to our kitchen ! We will probably pass the unit on to one of our daughters on of these days .
 My wife absolutly loves her new toy the kitchenaid 6qrt mixer . The first time she used it she mixed bread dough and loved it so much she called me and told that she was completely in love with that mixer . after mixing by hand for years she loves it very much . its so fast and easy and the dough is so nice compared to mixing by hand . she recommends this mixer to everyone .
 I 've wanted a more powerful mixer for years . My 30 yr old classic is starting to get tired when I make my bread or use my grinder attachment for meat . I made bread the first day of receiving my Empire Red Pro 600 KitchenAId mixer . The mixer had no trouble and did n't slow a bit towards the end of kneading . I used my meat grinder attachment with ease . The Pasta Extruder attachment also went well until the pasta ring broke . Do not like the burnished beaters for the cost of this mixer . The larger 6 qt . bowl is nice !
 I was very impressed with the mixer 's ability to handle large amounts of thick bread dough . We enjoy eating honey wheat bread and it mixed the dough for two loaves without slowing down at all . Be sure to read the instruction book before using the machine . I also liked the ease of changing out the implements . Our only problem was that it was too tall to remain on the kitchen counter . It would n't fit under the top cabinets , so we had to purchase a separate utility table to place it on .
 This is the second KitchenAid I 've owned . As with the first -LRB- that ended up at my daughter 's -RRB- , I am extremely happy and satisfied .
 I bought this for my wife and we have both used it many times . I have yet to find this mixer for a better price ANYWHERE . It is a fantastic mixer and I highly recommend it .
 I really enjoy this product , I 've already done 4 5 loaves of bread -LRB- french toast bread , bagettes . . -RRB- 1 red velvet cake , gronola bars , oatmeal crannberry cookies ... the list goes on.My new kitchen pro 600 is now named Shelby , she helps me bake -LRB- does most of the work lol -RRB- . It 's great and my hands or arms are not in pain after baking : - -RRB- The only thing I might tune a little would be the noise level . . it 's a little on the noisy side , but that is nothing compared to its performance.Only 3 weeks I 've been using it so far so good . . i 'll keep you posted in a couple of years lol.Amazon delivered fast and easy : -RRB-
 I love it so much . Why did I wait 20 yrs ? The price is great as I checked around a lot . I got the bigger size for double batches of cookies and focaccia dough but am going to buy the smaller bowl too so I can do whipping of smaller scale recipes . Love the color too as it goes with everything yet is still timeless and chic . Metallic Pearl . When I can afford it I am going to get the meat grinder attachment too . A must have in the kitchen if you bake a lot . The rubber edged spatula/paddle is a nice addition as I have to do a lot of scaping down the sides with the plain metal paddle the machine comes with .
 Kitchen Aid Stand mixer was given to me as a gift . We ordered from Amazon.com due to the excellent pricing . My order was placed , mixer arrived 3 days later intact , without damage . I 've used mixer to prepare 30 recipes for a cake 33 '' X 53 '' that I baked for a fundraiser at our church . Mixer just kept on beating each recipe of batter , plus 8 recipes for frosting without any overheating .
 I waited way too long to make this purchase . I bake cookies for my students throughout the year and need to double or triple everything I bake . I was using my bread machine to help me do the mixing , single batch by single batch . Now I have the Pro 600 and can do it all in one load . I just love this machine and should have made the purchase a long time ago . It never seems to strain whether it 's a single batch or a triple batch . My only suggestion is to get the Pro 600 and not the smaller models because you 'll end up needing it anyway . I 'm so happy I bought it !
 This mixer was bought as a Christmas gift for my daughter , who is a professional baker . She adores it - it does everything but the dishes ! Great product ! Shipped it to our U.S. address for free shipping - it does n't get better ! I bought it , and I did n't even have to carry it home from the store .
 I love my new kitchenaid mixer . I tested it out on Christmas goodies and it stood up to the test ... wish all women could have one .
 I upgraded to this professional series to make cookie dough which is a little dense . I have always been pleased with KitchenAdie stand mixer and more pleased with this 600 series.Oh , the sale price and rebate surely were nice too .
 Though I have n't had this mixer very long , I have used it numerous times throughout the holidays . This is everything I wanted in a mixer . I ordered this for my husband to give me for Christmas , he was happy and so was I ! Together the mixer and I made over 50 dozen cookies and bars , and several cakes for the holidays .
 The KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer is far superior to lesser Kitchen Air mixers . The extra motor strength allows it to mix larger volumes of various doughs that smaller machines can not handle . It is also a very quiet machine.It was an exceptional bargain when purchased Black Friday for $ 299 before a $ 50 rebate .
 Love it , love it , love it!I have been baking Christmas cookies since the UPS man delivered it . He has of course reaped the benefits too . Everytime he delivers , he gets another sample of cookies.The oversized mixing bowl is great . You can mix a triple batch of cookies with no problem . I do n't especially like the plastic spill proof cover , as it seems a little flimsy . I purchased the mixer in Meringue . I have also received my $ 50 rebate , soon to be spent on more ingredients . Do n't ever hesitate to buy a Kitchen Aid product because they are the top of the line . Happy mixing !!
 So far I 've used my mixer to make a few loaves of bread and all my double batches of Christmas cookies . At this point I have no complaints . Seems very powerful . Very glad I chose the higher wattage machine .
 The new mixer we purchased did not work right the first time we tried to use it . It would only run on high speed and would shut off with in a couple of seconds each time we turned it on . I called the Kitchen Aid No Hassle Warranty phone number and with in a weeks time we had a new mixer and prepaid shipping for the old one back to the factory . The new mixer works like a charm and is everything we wanted it to be . It has power to spare and will last a lifetime I am sure!Our disappointment was , about two weeks after we purchased the mixer Amazon came out with a twenty dollar lower price . Many places such as Walmart have a policy , that with in a certain time frame , if they lower the price of an item , they will give you the difference . This is not Amazon 's policy .
 I love this mixer ! I had to return the first one and Amazon was Wonderful !!!! I ca n't say enough good things about Amazon and how easy they made the exchange ! They even sent out the new mixer before I was able to get to the UPS store to return the first mixer ! Product is wonderful and Amazon is great !! thanks so much !
 This Kitchen-Aid stand mixer is powerful , easy to use and clean , and made short work of all of my holiday doughs . My only caveat
 With 575 watts of power what 's not to like about it ? It 's a well made power house . It 's big and heavy compared to the not so powerful tilt head kitchenaids . If you plan on making bread dough with your mixer do n't get a tilt head one because they wobble too much . The new dough hook is awsome . Love it .
 This is n't a Hobart mixer * . On the other hand , it does n't cost $ 1800 , either - and that 's for the Hobart countertop 5 quart model - the 12 is closer to $ 4200 . So do n't fool yourself about what level of quality is actually possible in this price range . What the KitchenAid is , is the best consumer-grade mixer on the US market , in my opinion including Viking , Cuisinart , Kenmore -LRB- the UK brand , not Sears -RRB- , and all the rest . -LRB- * As an FYI , KitchenAid once was a division of Hobart , and the modern KitchenAid mixers are basically variations of the K-5 , in itself the consumer version of that $ 1800 Hobart N50 mixer ! Hobart is the world leader in commercial mixers by quite a margin . The message is that the KitchenAid is quite good . -RRB- The KitchenAid does most things very well indeed , including all basic stirring , mixing and whipping tasks . It shows some shortcomings with heavy doughs , and particularly kneading large batches of bread . The machine will rock and walk under those conditions , and even pop the bowl off at times . If you have a bread machine , you might consider using it for kneading , even if you do n't use it for mixing and baking , as the bread machines are specifically designed to handle this . The KitchenAid , by contrast , is a multi-purpose mixer . UPDATE ! KitchenAid has redesigned the dough hook for the 6-quart pro model . Shaped sort of like a pigtail , it reportedly eliminates dough climbing up the hook and should reduce some of the issues mentioned above.The extra wattage on this model helps with attachments like slicers , grinders , pasta rollers , etc.My wife and I are quite satisfied with KitchenAid 's mixers , and we have 2 -LRB- a 5 quart also -RRB- . Both have been happily running for years . Interestingly , KitchenAid mixers are in widespread professional use for lighter-duty tasks . I recently spotted them in the background of several bakeries on a Food Channel wedding cake series . KitchenAid mixers may not be perfect , but they are the industry standard in consumer mixers for good reason.I want to respond to the `` metal gears , plastic cover '' `` issue '' mentioned in the first review , which , unfortunately , is n't as clearcut as some might think . I have power tools costing far more than this mixer that house their gears in plastic and that take far more abuse than this mixer ever will . Design and material specification is what makes or breaks -LRB- literally ! -RRB- the product , not plastic per se . That reviewer 's experience is real and unfortunate . It is also not the norm . By contrast , our 5-quart mixer was dropped down a flight of stairs onto a concrete floor by a mover . Works just fine . Regardless , the gear box has been redesigned .5 stars for nailing its target market and making all the right compromises .
 Well , after Amazon confirmed to a lot of folks on Monday that the KitchenAid $ 50 rebate would be valid on the Gold Box Deal , they caused a LOT more confusion today by attaching a note to the Silver and Gloss Cinnamon models that these did NOT qualify for the rebate after all . I just chatted with Customer Service to resolve this contradiction.Renier : It appears the email you receive are like blogs about the comments on the item . There is a discussion on going for review about the promotion.Renier : On the other hand , I 've checked the item on the system and it is not qualified for the rebate.Me : Amazon sent me an email saying it DID qualify.Me : The language in the email was pretty clear , `` We have confirmed the KitchenAid KP26M1P Stand Mixers are eligible for the $ 50 + bonus mail-in rebate listed on the product pages on Amazon . The customer should check the KP26M1X box under ` Please indicate which qualified model you purchased ' on the rebate form . `` Renier : Right . I 'm sorry about that . I just found the email about this.Renier : Since the website tells Silver & Gloss Cinnamon are not eligible for Rebate , have you checked the KP26M1X box?Me : I have n't sent in the form yet , as I 'm trying to find out if it would be a waste of time if KitchenAid is only going to deny the rebate afterwards.Renier : I understand.Renier : It appears you purchased the item in Silver and as indicated , it is not qualified for rebate.Me : That may be true . But Amazon told everyone who specifically asked on Monday that there would be a rebate . I can understand if there was an honest mistake by Amazon , here . But customer service reps said they CONFIRMED that it was qualified . I would think that anyone who purchased this based on that confirmation should be entitled to the $ 50 , one way or another.Renier : I see . I was able to confirm that the `` Silver & Gloss Cinnamon Not Eligible for Rebate '' note on the website has been just updated . This item is no longer qualified for a rebate moving forward . What I can see on the system , it shows that orders placed on or before November 28 are still qualified.Me : I see.Renier : Since you placed it on November 28 , you may submit the form now . After carefully checking , you are indeed qualified.So according to them , if you ordered this as a Gold Box deal , you should be okay . If not , Amazon is going to get a LOT of angry letters .
 I have owned a Kitchen Aid Ultra Power for 15 years and try as I might , I could not break it . I finally relented and purchased the new Kitchen Aid Professional 600 with 575 watts of true power . I really like the additional capacity of the 6qt bowl and the soft start . It kneads bread better than the older one without binding the dough on the hook . The mixing shield is also much more user friendly . The only drawback is there is not enough room to freely detatch mixing attachments without taking the bowl off and it can get messy .
 I bought one of the 6-quart mixers several years ago . After owning it a year -- I think it was about 3 days before the year expired , actually -- I was mixing some cookie dough and the mixer stopped working -- the beater no longer worked . I called up Kitchen Aid about their warranty , and they were as good as their word ... the new mixer was quickly on the way , I was to pack up the old one in the box the new one arrived in , and it would be picked up by UPS a few days later . The whole exchange went flawlessly , and I had my new mixer in about a week 's time . The new one has never had a problem , and has been a great performer. , I have a bunch of the attachments for it , all work beautifully .
 First of all ... I was AMAZED at how quickly I receieved my mixer . I ordered it on Thursday and it was at my door on Saturday ! Thank you , Amazon for your amazing speed in processing orders ! It 's why I continue to shop with you . :-RRB- The mixer itself is GORGEOUS ! All paddles and things that come with it are beautifully made . I know they will stand the test of time and my children will be able to use this mixer long after I 've passed on . I love the pouring shield that comes with it . It makes it so much easier to add ingredients to whatever you 're mixing . I made cookies with it , last night and they came together in a snap ! Clean up of everything was a breeze as well . I just ca n't say enough good about this piece of Kitchenaid equipment . This is the first product of theirs that I 've owned and I will guarantee that I will be buying more . QUALITY , QUALITY , QUALITY !! You will not be dissapointed if you choose to purchase one of these mixers !
 This mixer is the best piece of equipment I have in my kitchen . It handles everything I put into it . I would highly recomend this to anyone looking for a mixer .
 I recieved this item as gift for Christmas and I love it ! I recommend this for anyone who enjoys cooking !!
 Wonderful machine ! I 've always wanted one of these and am so glad that I have FINALLY got one !!! At the time Amazon was offering a great price on the stand mixer , right after Christmas and I decided to purchase it . I have n't had the older model mixer but this one works perfect with zero flaws.I did read a lot of reviews on the mixer before purchasing it and none of the problems in the reviews have happened with me . I have only had the stand mixer for a couple months but I have made everything from cookies to bread with it and have had no issues.I think other customers will have no complaints with the stand mixer ! In fact , since I 've had the mixer , my husband has used it more than me ! -LRB- which is fine with me ; -RRB-
 Love this mixer ! I have used it several times . I ca n't wait to use it to make Valentine 's Day cookies & the hubby 's birthday cake next week ! It arrived on time and in perfect condition . I got it at a great price . Thanks Amazon , you rock !
 Exactly what we wanted . Easy to use and durable . Shipped fast from Amazon.com . Decided to get one after taking a cupcake class and tired of using a hand mixer .
 I have had the KitchenAid Professional 600 Series 6 quart stand mixer for about 6 weeks now . I can only say great things about it . It starts with the amazing shipping time from Amazon - ordered on a Wed. at 5:30 pm , received Fri. at 10:30 am - with no priority shipping ! The color -LRB- cinnamon gloss -RRB- is beautiful . I have made breads , coffee cake , & cinnamon rolls from the recipe book included - along with boxed cake mixes and cheese ball mixtures . I have n't used the whip yet , so I ca n't comment on that part . But the dough hook and paddle work very well . I was concerned that this unit might be too large for a single box cake mix or some smaller recipes , but that has n't been a problem . It cleans up beautifully , and although you ca n't put the dough hook , paddle and whip in the dishwasher , I probably would n't anyway . I read some reviews stating that it is noisy . I have n't found that to be the case . It is n't as noisy as my hand mixer . My husband says I need to give it a rest before we have to make the door wider , so I guess he likes it too ! I would recommend this to anyone who wants to make their baking life easier .
 Outstanding quality . Kitchenaid holds true to it 's reputation . Just DO N'T put the utensils in a dishwasher ! The manual does state this but it shoudl be in big bold letters in the beginning . We ruined them first time out as we did n't catch the warning until AFTER the first use . The dishwasher causes metal to actually dull and rub off so you ca n't use them again . Inexpensive to replace though , then always hand wash . Great color too - we got the Amaon special and the cinnamon matches our kitchen perfectly . It 's already quickly become our newest favorite addition .
 The appliance performs well in any type of dough , cake , sponge mix.I gi ve the highest rate to this mixer .
 Seriously this has changed my life , my family are very clean , paleo eaters bc of my sons autism so we mass produce food & freeze it & this makes life SOOOO much easier . It was hard to pay so much $ $ but in the end I am very happy with my purchase
 This is an excellent mixing product for anything you can throw at it , or in it , in your home kitchen . Not quite a commercial product but not your every day mixer either ...
 Love love love it and could n't be happier . We especially enjoy the many attachments that make this product more than just a mixer .
 It is a heavy duty mixer which I need for stirring various kinds of dough . I bake a lot and use it quite a bit . I recommentd it to anyone who bakes on a regular basis .
 There are so many wonderful things to say about this mixer . I sold my one model down from this to my cousin and bought this . Oh my gosh it is so easy to make larger batches and then freeze the extra . There is not any negatives to this machine .
 This is a great addition to my kitchen and I look for reasons to use it ! You ca n't go wrong with this especially if you do n't have clearance in cabinets , the head does not flip up and down , so I do n't have to pull it out away from the cabinets .
 My husband talked me into getting this mixer and I am glad he did . This mixer is the best mixer I have ever owned . Quiet and does a great job . We even bought the meat grinder attachment and that works awesome .
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday and he has used it for cookies many times since . Yes , he is the baker , not me ! He loves it and would HIGHLY recommend this product .
 I have been using the machine for the past 2 years or so , I do n't know what I would do without it
 Bought this to replace the 5 + year old Artisan model my girlfriend had.She absolutely loves it . Much more power and a bigger mixing bowl that locks in place.She is EXTREMELY happy with this unit !
 Kitchen Aid puts out a great product and we 've been extremely happy with this . Used in a small custom baker this baby has made a lot of icing !
 Just used it again yesterday . Does a great job . Have had a smaller model for years and very happy with that as well .
 This is the mixer of the gods . I love that I can start mixing a pumpkin pie and just dump in the ingredients , then walk away while it does it 's thing.We have n't gotten attachments for it , but I think the grinder would be great for cracking grain to make beer .
 I did not know what I was missing until I used my KitchenAid mixer . It makes food preparation much easier . Remember that this sits a little higher and may not fit under all kitchen cabinets.This is a perfect gift for someone special .
 I bought this for my daughter , who makes custom , artistic cakes and artisan breads daily.This is a really heavy duty mixer with a lot of accessories available to do just about anything in the kitchen.It looks so good that It is always on display in my daughter 's kitchen !
 My daughter is thrilled with it ... It 's larger and more powerful than ours , which works great , as a high end KitchenAid product should .
 I recently purchased this KA mixer and so I am still getting used to it . Because it is a heavy duty mixer , as the instructions explain , batters , doughs , et al will require less mixing than may be indicated in a recipe which is written for an `` ordinary mixer '' . So , it may take some experimentation to produce the desired results . I am looking forward to it . Thus far I have made bread dough and pizza dough . The dough hook handled the kneading so I did n't have to - and that saved time and produced a better product . I am very pleased with the power of the machine . Be prepared , however , this mixer is very tall and heavy ; it will take up a lot of counter space or cabinet space if you chose to store it . It may be a chore for a person of slight strength to `` lug '' out . Enjoy
 It is a good product . Good quality . And for people who need it , I recommend it 100 % . In addition , this a good price .
 I love my KitchenAid and have owned it for many , many years , making at least 8 loaves of bread weekly for my family as well as triple batches of cookies at a time . I had to give a 4 star rating and probably should have gone lower , however , due to a serious design flaw . The transmission housing inside the mixer is plastic . As a result it cracks very easily and that causes the gears to become stripped.KitchenAid does stand by their product and replaced my mixer without question , even though I have owned it for a few years . If they could just make that part out of metal you would have a machine that really would last a lifetime.My little 4 quart KitchenAid is also still going strong , I handed it down to my daughter when my husband upgraded me to the 6 quart .
 I just had an on-line chat with KitchenAid and this is the conversation . The rebate DOES apply to this mixer if bought from Amazon.comWP
 After reading all the reviews I was a bit skeptical about buying this mixer to make whole wheat bread . Had looked at other mixers such as Bosch but wanted an all around universal fit for bread and pastries . I also wanted to support an American made product to keep our folks here working . Received the mixer this week and I love it . Worked effortlessly to do 2 loaves of whole wheat bread . It is a must to keep in on speed 2 as per the instructions . Mixer did not even get warm to the touch as the book stated that it might . Since we grind our own wheat , it was a must that we have a mixer that could do the job . Am so glad I chose this particular Kitchenaid . Have spoken with customer service reps at Kitchenaid several times prior to and after purchasing with many questions . All of them were very helpful . Positive experience all the way around . By the way , I got the color caviar , only because it was $ 100.00 cheaper than the other colors . So glad I did . It is gorgeous ! Do n't hesitate to buy this machine .
 I have had my Pro 600 for 10 months now and have found it very useful - I make a lot of breads and pasta , and kneading all of it took a very long time and a lot of energy . This mixer gets the job done , even with large , dense loads of dough , cleans up easily , and looks industrial and intimidating on my countertop -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . There are , however , a few fundamental flaws that plague the machine no matter what the task :1 . The motor is incredibly noisy . This seems to be alleviated by a heavier load on the motor , so interestingly , the lightest tasks are the worst for noise pollution . I had read reviews that cited this before purchasing , but was still surprised at just how loud it is .2 . The clip that holds the bowl in place does not hold strong enough to compete with the paddle/dough hook . Kneading stiff dough for pasta was impossible before I rigged the bowl clip with a chopstick - the bowl would simply pop off.I have otherwise had a great experience with the machine and would recommend it highly . It has increased my bread and pasta output and makes itself even more useful when you invest in the attachments .
 The vendor sent this mixer rather quickly which was most appreciated . I bought it to replace an old kitchen aid mixer . This one has a nicer lift handle than the other one as well as the splash guard which is all one piece . It also came with a dough hook which my old one did not , I had to purchase it separately . The pearl metallic color is more steel gray than pearl . I thought it would be lighter but I do n't really care because when not in use it is in the cupboard .
 a very sturdy , heavy duty mixer that is very nicely made and excellent for the price .
 I had this mixer 40 years ago when I was raising 5 children , since then one of my daughters set up housekeeping and I gave it to he . She loves it , but I missed it so much that I bought this one again , I 'm back to making my huge batches of cookies , bread dough , cakes , and any thing else I want to make . The bowl is the perfect size . This Pro 600 even mixes better than my first , gets all ingredients at the bottom and sides . I love , love , love this mixer , you will to . Nothing else compares , the money spent is well worth it . My 1st one is 40 years old , has never needed service and is still going strong.Deanna Park City , Utah
 I am completely happy with this . First of all it was an excellent price . I use it all the time . I catch myself just making stuff so that I can use it . Love it .
 I JUST LOVE MY NEW MIXER IT MAKES BAKING ENJOYABLE . IT IS SO EASY TO USE . WISH I HAD BOUGHT IT YEARS AGO .
 This mixer is a dream , I do n't think that there is any thing that it ca n't do .
 I love it , it 's awesome it performs great , I have been waiting for years to own one and it was worth every second .
 I cooked my way through school . It 's been yearssince I cooked a meal professionally . I 've slowlyslid into the funk of pre-packaged food and quickresults.This mixer changed all that . We 're back to home madebread , pasta , and pies . This mixer takes the chore outof some of the less enjoyable tasks in the kitchen.I forgot just how good a home made loaf of bread taste.Five stars and two thumbs up .
 This is a great appliance , I do n't know why I waited so long to buy one.It is very easy to use and clean up is a breeze . The kitchenaid stand mixer leaves youwith hands free while the mixer does all the work .
 KitchenAid KP26M1XLC Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , LicoriceThis mixer is exactly as advertised and an excellent choice for the price . It is a little more difficult to use and requires some effort if you are accustomed to smaller models . The power range , especially in lower levels , is a plus . Would definitely recommend it for the serious baker .
 I 'm glad I listened to Cooks Illustrated review and went for the Pro 600 rather than the Artisan model . It stands up to 10 minutes of dough kneading without a struggle . It 's so great to have bread baking simplified rather than do all the kneading by hand.And it 's a fun matte reddish color . I think it 's called `` cayenne ; '' looks very handsome on the kitchen counter , where it must live , given how heavy and unbudgeable it is ! But that 's all part of the beefiness of the model.I was amazed , too how quickly the mixer arrived . I think it was here three days after the order was placed .
 Thnaks to Amazon and not Consumer Reports I bought the stand mixer that does what it is supposed to do to the satisfaction of an in-house baker . Thanks Amazon for a good organization and buyer reviews that greatly help with product selection .
 I just bought the 6-qt mixer , after using my 4.5 qt for almost 6 years . It 's still going great , I just needed more capacity . After reading all the post here and in the Kitchen Aid site I was very confused about buying it , but I gave it a try . It feels like buying a lotto ticket , may be you have a winning number , may be you do n't . But still I have to say I love this machine , I have used it only a few times , but it seems to have no problems . I hope I got the winning ticket ! But most of all I was surprised at Amazon great service . They gave me a date for delivery and it got here one day sooner . Thanks a lot for that . And I thought every one who visits this site should know it . Amazon gives great service . Thanks !! Feb , 16 , 2008
 I have had this same mixer for many years ! But now that I have been re-doing my kitchen in `` ORANGE '' and everything Rachael Ray I decided to buy a new KitchenAid 6qt Stand Mixer . I had the Silver one but wanted to give it to my daughter and buy myself the same mixer in Orange - or Tangerine in this case . Since it has arrived I have decided to keep it on my counter top because I love the color and hope that as long as it 's on my counter top I hope I will be able to use it more often . I have a bad back and can not lift it without hurting my back after surgery . Being on my counter top makes it much more accessible to use as needed . I absolutely love the color and have always liked having this size so I can make LARGE batches of dough , cakes , mashed potatoes etc. . Paying a little extra for their largest size stand mixer makes a lot of sense . And now that I leave it out I can use it much more often ! I would definitely recommend this stand mixer to anyone . It is strong , sturdy , and has a lot of extra accessories to go with it . I have the meat grinder , ice cream maker , juicer , sausage maker , and just bought the new pasta extruder too ! That is one of the greatest features of this stand mixer - having all the extra accessories that make this stand mixer so much more than just a mixer!I ca n't wait to try the pasta extruder . I was actually in the market for another pasta machine to make everything from spaghetti to elbow macaroni . I used to have a separate machine to make different pastas but I went through 3 of them - they worked until I wore them out ! So hopefully this KitchenAid will last a lot longer when it comes to making pasta . After I try and use the pasta extruder I will go to that item on Amazon and write a separate review .
 My Sunbeam mixer finally died woohoo ! Perfect timing to purchase this wonderful mixer at a cyber monday price ! The Sunbeam mixer would not reach the whole bowl or turn the bowl while mixing . You had to constantly use a spatula to mix it up for the beater to do its job . Not so with this beautiful KitchenAid ! The color is the cinnamon red and perfect . This puppy made merinques with no trouble , cake mixes - no problem , cinnamon roll dough - no problem . I would recommend this product especially if you can get a great deal on it !
 Well bought this for my husband for christmas an love the look an everything you can do with it.An I use it as well an what a good deal on it as well
 I have used KitchenAid mixers for over 20 years . I love the stand mixer because when I 'm mixing bread dough , I do n't have to contend with the head lifting itself up . I keep going up in size - did I mention I 'm a serious baker ? The 6-quart size is finally big enough to hold double recipes of cookie dough at Christmas and bread dough the rest of the time .
 This was my thirty birthday present to myself and I should have gotten it sooner . I 've not made bread with it or used any of the accessory attachments , so I ca n't rate it for that . In the past year it works well for all my cookies and cakes and egg whites . I do n't have any problems with it dancing across the counter or flinging flour into the air . Mine was aligned properly from the factory and the only time I had the beater hit the side of the bowl was because I did n't have the bowl proper seated on the mixer . And I prefer that the Professional Series raises and lowers the bowl instead of using a tilting head .
 Very large ! Amazon lightning deal was AMAZING compared to big box retailers -LRB- 50 % off Macy 's etc pricing -RRB- . Mixer does everything with ease . I bought the ice cream attachment and that works with this very nicely as well .
 Replaced an old mixer that died on me . This is an excellent heavy duty mixer that is good for whipping egg white to kneading bread dough . Never disappointed with the performance of this machine . Plan to add attachments soon .
 My father burned out two mixers during the past year . He bakes and consumes large quanities of bread . The real test will be in a year or two but I am confident it will hold up . If you have an appetite for yeast this is the machine for you .
 I had wanted a mixer for several years and decided to go ahead and purchase it . Very happy with it . I especially like the white fluffy icing recipe - the wire whisk is amazing ! Would highly recommend this to anyone .
 This is my 3rd Kitchen Aid . I started with a K4B . It wore out after 20 years of making bread and cookies for my family of 9 . I purchased a K 5 quart and used it from 1972 until 2010 . Next I went for the big one . It seems too big but works fine .
 Kitchen aid mixers are the best . Heavy and heavy duty . Feel better when a mixer is n't flimsy . Just what we needed to do the job .
 I love this product . I am an old customer of KitchenAid products and all of them re of excellent quality . Very pleased .
 The mixer is large and weighs a ton but that 's exactly what you need to knead dough and do some heavy mixing . It 's very quiet , powerful , and exactly what I wanted .
 We bought this mixer to replace a smaller watt unit that still worked fine after many years of use ! All the extra accessories with this one really make the job easier and/or easier to clean up ! It gets a big workout around the holdays as our house becomes a cookie factory ! Splurge on yourself and take advantage of Amazon 's great price on this mixer !
 I got this for my girlfriend , and this is what she has to say about it : IT 'S AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yes , she used that many exclamation marks . It was really loud .
 This is my 3rd KitchenAid Mixer . I have 2 smaller ones that do a great job but I wanted a heavy duty mixer that could make several loaves of bread at a time . It can also handle the grinder I bought to grind wheat without any difficulty . I also have the Bosch mixer and between the 2 I can put out quite a few loaves of bread as well as cinnamon rolls , etc.Highly recommend this product . It has a powerful enough motor to handle just about anything I throw at it . The only con is the beaters have to be handwashed but so do the ones with my Bosch so no big deal . So glad I purchased it .
 This mixer is great . It has the power to handle large loads of bread dough . We used the 250 watt model for years . It 's well worth the extra money to get the extra power . It was also shipped promptly .
 AAH -- a taste of heaven ! I had a 40 yr-old Kitchen Aid 150 watt machine that I literally burned up -- babied it for years and finally gave in and took the plunge . Figured I could get lots of watts for not a lot difference in price -- was glad for the measurements so I did n't overdo it by going to the real professional models -- this one is just right for home use but has the features of commercial machines . NICE !
 Got this for Mother 's Day and was able to figure out how to use without too much effort . Does a great job and attachments are easy to clean . Plan on using it quite a bit for my baking . Would recommend .
 I own a small to medium size bakery and this mixer is the greatest . We own two of these , one we purchased for a much higher price at Macy 's before I realized they were on sale at Amazon . Both mixers do the job perfectly . We use them every day baking up all sorts of organic cakes , pies , puddings ect . We purchased a separate set of bread makers to make our homemade bread due to reading the reviews about the motor burning out if you make large batches of bread and we do . We are able to turn out 25-50 cakes and pies daily with these wonderful mixers . One problem is the beater does n't go down far enough to the bottom of the bowl to mix all of the ingredients . So you will have to take your spatula and scrape/mix the bottom into the rest of the batter . This occurs on both mixers . They are also very pretty . I purchased the pearl white and the pewter one from Amazon .
 I love my mixer . I had my old KitchenAid for 32 years without a mistep . It 's so powerful and I love the size for when I make double batchKitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearles of cookies , etc. .
 I have not stopped baking since receiving my new mixer . I had the Kitchenaid classic mixer but it started leaking oil , so I figured I 'd get an upgrade while I was at it . I absolutely love my new mixer !!! The bowl lift design is a vast improvement over the tilt models and the dough hook on this model is sooooo much better at kneading dough . The nickel pearl finish is way sexier than my old white mixer ! It has great power and the slow start is also really nice . The only drawback is the attatchments , I would have rather paid a little more for some nice stainless steel dishwasher safe attatchments .
 This blender is worth every dime . My wife had been wanting one for years , but we could not justify the price or the counter real estate . She finally decided to go for it and we have had no regrets so far . We opted for the larger professional version , figuring go big and hopefully it will last longer . We are also expecting to purchase the meat grinder and pasta press which may prove the worth of getting the larger model . The only complaint thus far is that the color choices can be a $ 100 in difference ! We decided silver was just fine .
 I love my kitchenAid ! I am a busy mother of 3 and my kitchenaid allows me to quickly make homemade nutritious food for my family ! It makes baking easy and fast - throw in the bread ingredients , turn it on and go do s/t else , come back a few min later and your dough is all kneaded and ready to rise ! I would rec getting the plastic safeguard thing so the flour does not fly out all over your counter !
 I must write a short review of this item . It failed three months after the warranty expired because of a stripped drive gear . I sent an email to the seller of this unit asking for a source of parts to repair it . A day later , my email was returned with a request to call an 800 number to give them additional information so that they could review what possibly went wrong . After the telephone conversation , they stated that they were going to send a me a NEW unit , not a rebuilt one , at their expense . I received it about ten days later . Customer service like this can not be allowed to go without praise in this new age of corporate policy that generally puts the company first , especially considering it was no longer in warranty . I would do business with this company again and I will always buy Kitchen Aid whenever possible . This is customer service that deserves positive recognition . Im so happy .
 I love the kitchenaid professional 600 series 6 quart stand mixer . I 've used it many times now since i bought it , the only complain i would have is that it makes a too much noise , but beside that i would recommend this product .
 I was trucking through the mall at Christmas and was overcome with desire for this fancy , schmancy Kitchen Aid . It was everything my wonderful 30 + year old Kitchen Aid was but better . Larger capacity , a more powerful motor , bread hooks , a whisk beater , and a free meat grinding attachment . I loved the color if you can call a silver finish a color . It looks great in my stainless steel kitchen , fits nicely in a corner on the countertop.Aside from the aesthetics , it does a great job on large batches of bread . It takes most of the hard work out of bread making ; it kneads and I do n't . While I think a lot of people use this for cake batters , etc. and I certainly use it for that , I use this for a lot of things that are n't typical . I make my own sausage such as chicken , fennel , and apple that is not only healthier but fresher . I use it to mix a variety of meatloafs . I use it for souffles that are mile high and light . It 's great for anything that needs to be beaten , blended , or whipped.I purchased a splatter shield , a whisk , and a large stainless bowl with a handle for use with this mixer . Since I already own an ice cream maker that I like I am probably not going to buy the ice cream attachment.This mixer is easy to clean and maintain and too attractive to hide in the pantry . It works as well as my old Kitchen Aid with the exception that it has a larger capacity , more robust motor , and a lot of attachments that makes it a multi purpose kitchen accessory.So far , after four months of consistent use I have not encountered any negatives . As an FYI , a family member has inherited my old Kitchenaid Mixer and it is still performing like the champ it is .
 I needed a high power mixer and noticed a nicely priced Sage mixer with 1200 watt motor assuming that it would n't bog down mixing heavy batters . It does the job ok but I purchased the Kitchenaid pro mixer and it was night and day different . The Kitchenaid mixed better on the second setting than the max power on the Sage despite less than half the stated wattage on the motor . I 'm tossing the Sage and getting another Kitchenaid mixer for my business . Only 4 stars for difficulty removing the mixing blade when changing out bowls .
 I have used KitchenAid products for years and love the upgrade to the six quart size .
 Excellent shipping by Amazon , 1 day . Heavy duty commerical quality kithen mixer . Excellent accessories . Meets all of my expectations . Karen in Houston , Texas .
 My Mom and Grandmother have KitchenAids but different sizes . My Mom loves to bake and is a wonderful baker . One of her regrets was that she did n't buy the biggest mixer . Her smaller one is still working but very worn . She has tried my mixer out and loves it a lot . I am not a baking fan so I was less excited about it but would have to say that if you are going to be a serious baker ----- GET THE BIG BOY !!!!! It will fit all your needs and send you into mixing heaven .
 It goes without saying that this is an excellent product.I was also very happy with my order being received in a timely manner.We are very pleased !
 This mixer is awesome , and it allows me to move about the kitchen and add ingredients while the mixer is still going . . I love it and has been baking ever since I got it .
 This mixer is so powerful I never had to go over speed 4 yet and it makes mixing of dough very fast and easy . Also it has a larger bowl and surprisingly scrapes all parts on its own , bottom , sides , everything . Ca n't wait to try some attachments , should be easy with the power of this machine ...
 Powerful motor , easy to use , speeds up mixing time significantly over other models . This mixer is fantastic if you can afford it .
 We have been looking for a Kitchen Aid Mixer for a long time . I was just looking around in Amazon and came across it and got a great deal of course . We got the mixer shortly after Thanksgiving . We have used it for everything since it arrived at our door . We love it !!! It is everything that people tell you and more !!! I do n't know how we did without if for all these years !
 excellent product - a little noisy - sounds like it 's working too hard but it does a very good job - guess the noise is all that horsepower working
 I love this mixer ! Before purchasing this mixer I talked to lots of people about which mixer would do the best for baking bread will 100 % whole wheat flour . I am so glad I decided on the Kitchen Aid . It works so well . It has definitly exceeded my expectations . The bread it makes is really soft and stays soft longer than when I used to make it in a bread machine or by hand . I am pleased that I can make such large batches so quickly . It is really easy to use , and makes my cooking turn out much better .
 This was my best buy for Christmas . Could not beet the price anywhere and the product is in perfect condition .
 I love this mixer . I was never fond of baking , but ever since I got this mixer , I have been baking cookies and cakes and my family is thrilled . From the moment I start creaming butter and sugar , I am still amazed by how much better the quality of my baked goods have become since I have put away my hand mixer . I got the pasta maker for Christmas , and when I am at a loss for a quick dinner , I have the solution sitting on my kitchen counter . It is not as noisy as reveiwers have lead me to believe , and looks great enough to leave out on a permanent space on my counter -LRB- and thank God for that because it certainly is too big to have to take in and out of a cupboard -RRB- . Besides , it has been getting loads of compliments from my friends .
 Replaced a 30-year old Hobart that was a hit -LRB- until it died -RRB- . This mixer works well but makes a grating noise ; the initial use was successful , will continue to use it and hope the noise tapers off as the motor wears in .
 So far , this is the best mixer I have ever used . Large in size and very powerful motor . Cleans up is easy . It is a large mixer .
 What a dream machine ! Handled thick dough effortlessly - even tripple batches . Easy to use , easy to clean . Very quiet operation .
 I have owned Kitchen Aid 5 quart mixers since 1967 when my husband presented me with a 5 quart mixer for my birthday . I have owned several since that time and had coveted a 6 quart ever since they came on the market . I justified not getting one due to my age and the cost . However , when my daughter found the deal Amazon was offering , I could not resist . I have used it daily ever since it arrived and I have not been disappointed .
 This purchase was a great gift for my wife for she loves cooking . She was very glad receiving it and instantly started to bake a Christmas cake.No problem with the accesories it came with , the book with recipes and instructions.I recomend this Stand Mixer to anyone who wants to buy it .
 Bought this mixer the day after Thanksgiving . I recieved it on the Monday after Thanksgiving how about that for quickness . Used the mixer for holiday baking and was able to make double batches of cookies with ease . It creams butter in no time flat . Would recomend this mixer to anyone . It works great .
 it 's powerful , has a big huge bowl , was a GREAT price . the only thing -LRB- s -RRB- i do n't like are the burnished paddle - i prefer the coated one , and the one piece pouring shield - i liked the old 2 piece .
 I purchased Kitchen Aid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer based on the highly recommended review from Cook 's Illustrated . My wife and I love to bake . We were looking for a mixer that would last and that would provide the best possible result . The Kitchen Aid KP26M1XNP certainly delivers on that request .
 cookies cookies cookies , thought my wife may be pissed for me getting her an `` appliance '' for Christmas . no chance , she loved it , her friends love it , our baby sitter loves it -LRB- so weird -RRB- . and it was the best price I could find after 30 days of research .
 If you use your stand mixer -LRB- or want to -RRB- to do anything bigger than whip cream or mix cake batter , do n't even bother with the smaller mixers . This heavy-duty work horse does it all for me . . I bake bread 2 times a week and my machine is constantly in use . . from mixing meatloaf to grinding pork to make my own breakfast sausage . . and of course , for bread baking.I read another review where someone said that after 15 minutes their bread dough made the machine stop ? This has never happened to me and quite frankly , I 'm shocked that I read that . I make double batches of bread and love the corkscrew design of the bread hook.Don ' t bother with the lower wattage mixer . . spend the extra $ 100 and buy the pro . . you 'll never be sorry ! From delicate creams and meringues , pasta making and bread mixing . . it 's perfect for any job .
 My wife absolutely loves this thing . I have bought her mixers before because she cooks so much , but this one is amazing and simple to use . Now she cooks more than before and it makes her job easier .
 I 've used this mixer twice and have really enjoyed it so far . It seems to combine the ingredients thoroughly and evenly . My only complaint is the spill/splash guard does n't really attach to the mixing bowl but that 's not too big of a deal .
 I am so excited to keep using my mixer ! The engine is extremely powerful , and the larger bowl is EXCELLENT for cooking for a crowd.The lift takes a little getting used to , and my mixing height was not calibrated correctly , but the instructions show how to do this.I think it is infinitely better than a Bosch because there is no center post , and the mixing seems more homogeneous .
 I purchased this mixer for our local Fire Company auxiliary . I have one of my own and absolutely love it . After taking it to the Fire House to use when we had a pie sale , we all decided we should buy one to have in the kitchen permanently . The burnished metal finish on the beater is good unless you put it in the dishwasher , which I did with mine BEFORE I read the instructions . The regular Kitchen Aid mixer I had previously had coated beaters which I prefer . I make cinnamon buns for a local restaurant and can prepare and knead 4 batches of yeast dough at a time in this mixer , which is a great time saver . All around a great machine and well worth the money .
 I picked this up at $ 269.99 plus a $ 50 rebate in licorice back in November . Slick deal.I 've been wanting one of these for the longest time . Some complain about the motor noise , -LRB- but hey , this thing is power , expect this baby to hummmm -RRB- but it does n't bother me . It mixes , and paddles well , and the parts and unit are solid . The end results are consistent . This thing is powerful , and built tough . Lift bowls just make more sense , as all the pro 's use . Tilt heads just seem like they take more of a beating on the unit .
 I purchased this mixer a couple of months ago and could n't be happier with it . If you love making bread , but hate the ugly look of bread machine bread , this is the mixer for you . My bread machine has been collecting dust for years and now I can finally send it off to Goodwill . I debated between the 5 quart and 6 quart mixer and would recommend the 6 for most people . The bowl is roomy and the 600 series has more power than the 5 . I am not a big baker , but have done a couple batches of cupcakes which it whipped up quickly.Lots of colors to choose from too . I picked nickel pearl , it matches my kitchen and does not show every speck of flour after a quick wipe down.The only improvement I would suggest is to make the attachments dishwasher safe . Other than that it is a great machine that should last for years .
 Replaced my 40yr . old kitchenaid mixer with the pro 600 . Love the mixer . More powerful and bigger bowl . -LRB- I usually make double batches . -RRB- Compatible with old attachments . Looking forward to years of using it .
 I love my kitchenaid . And to be honest , I have n't heard anyone say anything but this . It 's great quality , durable and reliable . I ca n't wait to start baking ! As a heads up to any new owners ... read the manual about changing up your recipe for this specific mixer . It 's stronger , and mixes faster , and they give you hints on adjusting mixing times , etc. for this mixer . I was too excited to try it out for the first time to do that ... : -RRB- It just made for a more dense Red Velvet Cake ... Oh well ... more time to play on it while I correct ! I recommend this product !
 Love love love it ! The larger size makes all the difference and the great Kitchen Aid quality you can count on ... it 's the only mixer brand -LRB- small -RRB- I buy and I 'm a pastry chef.Still did n't get any info about the $ 50 rebate I should get from Kitchen Aid , no forms were in packaging or box .
 I bought this mixer as a Christmas gift for my wife . It had been years since I gave up repairing the old Mixmaster we had and she had been relying on a handheld mixer . We looked at KitchenAid mixers for several years , and I finally bought this when she decided to ditch an old breadmaker and try artisan breads from scratch . All I can say is that we are extremely impressed with the quality of the mixer , both from a fit and finish standpoint as well as performance . It 's big , brawny and can handle any task in our kitchen!I saw some reviews here citing gear noise and problems with overtemp shutdowns . Our experience thus far is very , very positive . Bottom line - it handles bread and pizza dough in large quantities with no problems ... . AS LONG AS YOU READ THE INSTRUCTIONS . The instructions are quite clear - keep the speed with dough hook at 2 Max and follow KitchenAid 's guidelines for mixing times -LRB- which are substantially shorter than most cookbooks . -RRB- As the dough stiffens the gear noise increases . This is an easy audible notice that the mixer is using more power and it 's about time to shut it off . The noise level is certainly not objectionable . If you continue mixing the mixer will eventually shut off from overtemp . Let it cool off for 10 minutes and it works again . No big deal . A great mixer at a great price .
 I have had a Kitchen Aid Artisan mixer for years and had many happy years -LRB- and wonderful memories of making cookies with my son -RRB- but have had my eye on this mixer for some time . Now that my son is setting up his own home he really wanted our old Artisan because it has been such a great mixer . So I passed it down to him and ordered my beautiful red Professional 600 . It 's maiden voyage my son came home and we mixed TRIPLE batches of Christmas cookies in it effortlessly I am so happy ! I love this mixer ! No more making separate batches of cookies . It mixes triple batches of heavy dough effortlessly . We were a little surprised at the high pitched noise it makes while mixing but for the amount of power it has , we can certainly handle that ! Why did I wait so long ? Did I mention I love this mixer ?
 I love my KitchenAid Pro 600 . I needed a mixer big enough for muliple batches of cookies and breads . This is it ! I made a total of 30 dozen cookies in one day and 6 loaves of bread the next day . It took half the time and clean-up was easy . My purchase came with a mail-in rebate and I received my check from them in two weeks . Now , it is heavy , but it needs to be . I just made space in a cabinet on a shelf with a good height , put it in lock position and I have no problem moving it around.Hope this helps anyone who is having problems making up their minds .
 We have as yet only used this mixer for a few things but I can say that so far ... NOTHING bogs this thing down . It is a work of art . If you are in the market for a mixer do n't waste money on cheaper mixers that will burn up after a hundred uses or so . Pay the money and get one that will last a lifetime . This mixer is amazing .
 I have been using a very old mixer of my Mom 's for some 30 years and bought this as a replacement . I love how quiet it is and how it slowly builds to speed so the mix does n't go over most of the kitchen . I would have liked the pour spout to be of something other than plastic as it probably is only a question of time of it breaking or cracking . Perhaps the company will consider this in the future .
 I purchased this mixer after much research . I have used it to make rolls , biscotti , and cookies . So far , it has performed great . One of the complaints other reviewers had was that it was very loud , but it is no louder than an older Sunbeam mixer that I used before , so I have no complaint about the noise level . Another complaint was about making whole wheat bread products , but I have n't had the opportunity to try a whole wheat recipe yet , so I do n't know about that . I do know it worked beautifully on the rolls and biscotti that I made . Just follow the manufacturer 's instructions for using the dough hook and it works fine . I do not spend money like this easily , so I am really pleased that this mixer seems to be a great investment . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because I have n't used the mixer that many times , so I do n't kow how it will hold up . One thing that was a surprise to me is that this mixer is too tall to fit under my kitchen cabinets , so if that is an issue for someone , they may not want to go with this model because it is taller than the less powerful models . I 'm still trying to figure out where to put mine .
 I loved my little 300 horsepower artisan and considered it 's purchase a catalyst to making me a `` real '' baker . When it recently started slowing down and protesting when making not-too-thick cookie batter , I was sad.My husband gifted this to me to upgrade , and I am totally impressed . The difference in quality and size of attachments makes having to hand wash of little consequence for me . All parts are considerably more heavy duty than the artisan . I expected to have to adjust the bowl height , but found the factory adjustment to be just right . The caviar color is gorgeous , too.I am really pleased with my upgrade . Yes , it is louder at higher speeds . I think this is to be expected with a significantly stronger motor .
 I had been shopping around local stores looking for a 6 quart KitchenAid Mixer for my daughter then Amazon came up with a fantastic sale . Amazon 's price was about $ 100-125 less than the local stores and there was also a $ 40 rebate from KitchenAid . Needless to say I jumped on this deal . The mixer is the Professional series with the large 6 quart bowl that can handle up to 14 cups of flour . This is one efficient heavy duty mixer and a must for every kitchen . My daughter was thrilled with mixer .
 Outstanding mixer with commercial use in mind . Durable and very appealing to leave out on your counter . You 'll love it in every way . Very easy to operate . Our 9 year old granddaughter mastered the controls in less than a minute . Very safe and easy to clean up .
 My hubby surprised me on my birthday a few years ago , and this mixer has more than exceeded my expectations . We got it on sale with a good rebate , so I would definitely price-watch for a while before spending the money . It is my ca n't - live-without kitchen tool , and I sometimes wonder what I did before it arrived . :P That said , if you 're a newlywed perhaps , and/or not really big into baking and such , I definitely think the Artisan or Classic stand mixers are more than adequate for everyday use . My only -LRB- teensy-tiny -RRB- complaint is that the attachments with the Pro mixer are not dishwasher-safe ; but again , it 's not that big of a deal to me .
 Makes cooking easier for my wife . She likes to cook and anything that will make that easier is a plus . The machine is easy to use and easy to change out the attachments . No problems reported .
 I got this stand mixer right before Christmas , faster than they indicated i would receive it on the website . It 's just a great product , but the price was so terrific , too . I had priced it on Kohl 's , Sears , QVC and other sites . Amazon had the best price at the time i bought it and shipping was free . YES ! We have snow today so my 85 year old father is home making a cheese cake for us to come home to and he 's using the stand mixer .
 I 've owned Kitchen Aid mixers for over 30 years , but decided to treat myself to a new one when I moved into my new condo a few months ago . I decided to buy the larger , 6 quart bowl model with a more powerful motor . I recently made pizza dough using a recipe that I have used for years and noticed the difference right away . The more powerful motor kneaded the dough effortlessly to the right consistancy quickly - even faster than my previous mixer . I also love the fact that the pasta and grater attachments I bought for my old mixer will work with the new one . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 This mixer is everything it is claimed to be - big , fast and powerful . It does an excellent job.My only complaint is that both the instruction manual and the accessory parts list describe specifically a 2-piece splash cover , but it has apparently been redesigned to be a single-piece part which is undoubtedly easier to use . After Amazon shipped a 2nd complete unit to replace the `` missing part '' , and the same part appeared to be missing , it became apparent that the part had been redesigned , but the documentation had not been.And I ca n't say enough good about Amazon 's response ! The first unit , and the replacement , were shipped free and both arrived in 2 days via Fedex !!
 WHAT A GREAT PRODUCT . AFTER MAKING BREAD THE HARD WAY FOR 20 YEARS , THIS MIXER HAS MADE IT A PLEASURE , IT WORKED THE DOUGH PERFECT . CA N'T WAIT TO USE IT FOR ALL MY BAKING NEEDS .
 The Ktchenaid pro 600 I purchased as a Christmas present for my wife has been a huge success ! Not only does she lovethis thing , but it fills my belly with deliciousness all the while . In all seriousness , My wife does use this for alot of different recepies that she has . This mixer is sturdy and more than powerful enough to accomplish anything that we throw at it . I have read previouse reviews of people making 200 loafs of bread , or enough cookies to feed an entire army batallionand having the mixer bog down and sometimes shut off . If you are a just a person cooking for a housefull of big eaters then you are in luck ! My wife and I plan to open up a restaurant within the next few years and think that this mixer might fit the bill perfectly for home made pasta , enpinadas , pie and pizza crust ! If we were opening a bakery or pizza shop I would suggest a large professional floor standing unit but for moderate use and minimal abuse this stand mixer is perfect , and it looks cool .
 The product arrived in 2 days as promised , and in very good condition . It works great and it is used almost everyday . Also , the rebate came within a few weeks . Very pleased with the overall purchase .
 I was thrilled to get my new bigger kitchenaid . I am an avid baker . I also make pasta from scratch . It is fast , powerful and easy to use . Attachments are easy to use and apply . What more can a person ask for . Thank you for a great machine .
 I have owned a few stand mixers in my life but not one of them measures up to the quality and power of my Kitchen Aid Pro 600 . I purchased my mixer and started using it almost immediately after removing it from the box and setting it up . It cuts my work time in half and is a joy to use . My daughters and I are having a great time cooking together . It is so easy to use that my ten year old can use it with very little assistance . I have a large family so capacity is an issue I have to address . The six quart bowl is just right . I have used many of the recipes that came with it and they are wonderful . The mixer is tall but thankfully fits under some of my cabinets . I love the color choices , mine is the Empire Red . It adds a beautiful pop of color to my kitchen . I have admired the Kitchen Aid Mixers for quite some time and finally decided to treat myself to one . I am so glad I did ! I wish I would have done it sooner . Thanks Kitchen Aid for such an awesome mixer !
 I shopped everywhere for this product and saved so much even over wholesale warehouse prices . Love the plastic guard to prevent splattering when mixing high speeds . I wanted power enough to hold up to heavy mixing and not burn up motor and this works for me .
 I researched before I purchased.Read some bad reviews but so far I like my mixer.Made Bread , brownies and Cookies with no problems.I think bad reviewers just had bad luck and received product that did n't hold up.hopefully KitchenAide stood behind their warantee.KitchenAid KP26M1XDP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Dark Pewter
 This is my 2nd Kitchen Aid Pro 6 in 10 years . This one replaces my previous mixer that I gave to my daughter . That mixer was like new , and I was confident that it will continue to provide many more years of service . I had used it for everything from bread making to using the meat grinder.My new model has already had heavy use , where 10 cups of flour were needed in addition to other dry and liquid ingredients . It worked fast and my results were exceptional.A Kitchen Aid Pro 6 is what I would recommending to anyone asking . I am now ordering the new scrapper beater that has become available to aid in food preparation .
 I 'm a student in the bakery science major currently in college . I received this mixer for a Christmas present last year . This is an incredible mixer for any baker . The only problem that I have is not with the mixer itself but with the paddle , dough hook and whip attachments . Since they 're not coated , they CAN NOT go in the dish washer . This is something I have stressed to my roommates but it happened anyway . Just use soap and water to clean it , practically nothing sticks to it anyway . Overall , a great mixer though
 I had been interested in getting a kitchen aid stand mixer for some time . When i saw how well priced they were on amazon.com I quit waiting and made my purchase . After ordering , tracking was accurate and timely . My order arrived in great condition . I bought the stand mixer attachment pack -LRB- food grinder , sausage stuffer , citrus juicer , and food tray -RRB- right away as well . I have already made four loaves of bread , 5lbs of Italian sausage , and two batches of muffins . This thing is great . I had read the grinder and stuffer were a little under-powered or ineffective to use , but found them incredibly proficient . I went through five pounds of semi-frozen pork butt in a flash . I had also read about over heating problems . This must have been with earlier models because I made a two loaves of bread in the middle of an all day grind session making sausage , and at no point during the entire two hours or so the machine was grinding/mixing/kneading / stuffing did it ever get hot . In fact the whole time I was stuffing the casings I rested my arm right on top of the motor with only a minor amount of warmth . If I do have any problems I will update . Great piece of equipment . Highly recommend !
 I performed extensive `` Review '' research on this product , along with other KitchenAid models , as well and other manufacturers products . I also consulted with several friends who have KitchenAid mixers . My primary usage of this mixer will be for making bread , therefore , I selected the Prof 600 series primarily because of the larger and heavier duty motor . The bowl-lift model vs the tilt-head model was also a big consideration . It seems like the more Reviews I read , the more elements of consideration were introduced.The Reviews talk about everything from not being able to put the beater attachments in the dishwasher , to the noise of the motor , issues surrounding an old problem of self-destructing gear boxes , lift vs tilt head , and bowl height adjustment . I guess I am one of the lucky one because I have not experienced any pain from any of these `` Review '' issues . The KitchenAid Professional 600 stand mixer which I received was in perfect physical condition , all attachments -LRB- as advertised -RRB- were included , it runs fine , and makes great bread dough . I am very pleased with the product . The lift mechanism takes conditioning , only because it is different . Once you get used to it , it 's fine . The larger mixing bowl and a strong motor is a must if you are mixing large quantities -LRB- 6 + cups flour -RRB- of bread dough.Where to buy from ... . The Prof 600 and/or similar custom ` packages ' are available from multiple sources . I narrowed down my purchase selections to Costco or Amazon . Costco 's custom package for this unit does not include the bowl splatter shield , which is a nice feature when adding flour . Costco and Amazon 's prices were very close - at the time I believe Costco was $ 11 more , but Costco will run specials from time to time -LRB- for example today , you can get the same mixer for $ 249 at Costco - that 's a savings of $ 50 -RRB- . Since I live five hours from the closest Costco , shipping was a consideration , however both Amazon and Costco offer free shipping - so that became a non-issue . Costco has a , ` no questions asked ' replacement / return policy , which from my experience , Amazon is similar . It came down to the bowl shield and I chose to order from Amazon . Keep in mind ; I selected the white model , which was significantly less expensive on Amazon -LRB- $ 288 -RRB- than the color models -LRB- $ 320 - $ 400 -RRB- . You can get the color model at Costco for the same price as the white model . At the time I purchased , KitchenAid was offering a $ 40 Rebate , however I have yet to receive that check -LRB- 8 - 10 weeks you know ... -RRB- Also as a word of caution on Amazon , watch for `` Remanufactured '' mixers . They are less expensive , but that is a risk and decision you will have to consider.The mixer was on my door step in two days - w / free shipping ! Incredible .
 So for three years I put off buying the new LCD TV that I wanted , telling myself that ours was still sufficient . Well , impulse finally gave in and I brought one home when the wife was out of town . Pleased with my new purchase , I went along with my merry life . About 3 or 4 days before Valentine 's Day , my wife asks if I would buy her a new Kitchen Aid mixer as hers was dying a slow and painful death . My first reaction was , `` sorry but we can not afford a new mixer right now '' ... but then I thought better . I had one of those guy moments when the entire world seems to make sense and the answers to life 's important questions are revealed . You know a kind of moment that women have all the time . If I did not buy her a new mixer for Valentine 's Day I would be the jerk of the world after just have buying a new TV for myself . So that afternoon I started my research to find one that would meet her needs as a semi-professional baker -LRB- the kind of gal that gets asked to bake the goodies at church and stuff -RRB- . The more I looked at the options it became clear that this one would do the job . I found a great deal here at Amazon -LRB- made me happy -RRB- and it arrived in about 48 hours -LRB- made wife happy -RRB- . Please note that I selected the standard free shipping . My wife was instantly delighted ... you could tell because she kept saying he he he . The model was noticeable quieter than her previous model and she liked the larger capacity . Our only problem -LRB- and it was a big one -RRB- was that there was a defect in the hub attachment to connect the accessories . I contacted Kitchen Aid and they sent out a new unit with absolutely no hassle . I have heard about their excellent customer service , and they lived up to it . Now she is busy mixing away making breads , cookies , muffins , cakes , and other sorts of goodies . Yesterday I asked if she still loved her new mixer and she still does . Personally I think she is going to leave me for it .
 Ok , so I have always wanted a KitchenAid since I started seriously getting into cooking . Wanted one even more when my parents got one and I got to use it after visiting them one week . Well , finally my girlfriend and I broke down and got one , and bought an ice cream maker while we were at it ... results ? My dear god this thing is completely awesome . My girlfriend bakes so she 's been using the included dough hook to make honey oat bread , blueberry oat loafs , and recently bagels . All to a tasty end . I , myself , am a cook and part time baker . I do cookies and cakes on the baking side and the recipes in the book that comes with the KitchenAid are n't half bad . We did a catering event and this thing made all recipes SO much easier ! And the ice cream maker ? I 'll review that seperately ! But let 's just say it 's fantastic overall ! So my suggestion ? If you ever CONSIDERED buying one of these , do n't hesitate . Just get it and be happy . Just mind the limitations that it tells you to watch such as overload volume and such and you should be ok .
 Product works , but the trim band around head unit is loose and there was no warranty registration card in the box . Not totally pleased .
 I have only used the kitchen aid mixer once so far . I have it on a stand since it wo n't fit on the counter . It works well this way since it sits lower than the counter top . The mixer performed well and I know I am going to enjoy using it .
 First mixer arrived damaged . I called the manufacturer 's `` Hassle Free '' consumer service number . This was a pleasant experience and I was sent a new mixer . Returning the damaged mixer was a nightmare . It was difficult to re-package the mixer , and UPS apparently had n't been informed it was supposed to be picked up and returned . After a call to UPS -LRB- another frustrating experience -RRB- , and a conversation with my local UPS delivery man , the mixer was returned . The new mixer works well and helps me make great bread .
 This mixer is excellent . Very easy to use and does a great job . Would recommend this item for anyone .
 I am very pleased with my purchase of a Kitchen Aid Professional 600 series 6-quart Mixer . I saved at least $ 150.00 over after-Christmas sales at department stores . I am sold on the ease with which one can shop on-line . It certainly saves on my time and energy and gasoline .
 Just what my wife wanted . Loved it.Excellent service .
 super excelente precio el envio fue mas rapido de lo programado . Una maquina muy buena el precio de envio bajo
 You simply have to get one of these ! Pleanty of power to do whatever you want to do . Well worth the high price . Let your children fight over it when you die . It will last that long .
 I have used it twice - for cookies and bread . Works great . The guard is a good idea in theory but does n't work so great in practice -LRB- it has a gap through which flour still gets everywhere and pouring dry ingredients into the spout is awkward -RRB- . Also the nickel pearl is industrial matte grey - no pearl in sight . I was very disappointed in the color . It was the cheapest available with free shipping at the time though , so I 'll have to live with it . -LRB- Now licorice appears to be less expensive , go figure -RRB- .
 Esto fue un regalo que le hicimos a mi hermana le encanto el regalo , las tortas son muy rica y ella me informa que le rinde mas la mezcla
 I bought this mixer because it was made in the USA . It is a great mixer and I would recommend it to my family and friends
 KitchenAid KP26M1PSL Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Silverexcelente producto hasta los momento se ha portado de maravilla ... entrega satisfactoria ...
 I am delighted with this product , I recommend it 100 % and certify that I arrive in good condition at its destination ...
 When I recieved this long overdue dream to purchase this beautiful Mixer , I was blown away with its look and the quality . I am so happy with it and Blessed it did qualify with the rebates .
 We can not wait to start using this mixer . Just been busy with the holidays . We will get back to let everyone know how well it works .
 I love the mixer but I do not have a copy of the receipt to get my $ 50.00 rebate . Is there anyway one can be emailed to me ?
 I was thrilled to get this in as I tend to bake in double batches more than not . It 's great to not have flour falling over the sides with every turn!Highly recommend !
 I am very impressed with my mixer , I have used it already and it works great . The price was fantastic , I purchased the professional Kitchenaid . The shipping was quick and the product reached me in great shape . I will use Amazon for additional purchases.Sheryl Spies
 Honestly , I ordered this Kitchenaid mixer for a daughter for Xmas , so it is hidden away , and I have not used it . I know , however , that it will be great and she will love it ! You ca n't get a better mixer , as far as I 'm concerned . I am a long-time Kitchenaid mixer user , but am jealous of this great new model for my daughter . The price was great - thanks Amazon ! I keep seeing lesser models for more money -LRB- plus tax ! -RRB- in sale flyers and each time I do , I feel even better ! Great product , great price , great service !
 Whit this machine my mom is very happy when she made a cake , good choice , very nice look , it 's too heavy but does n't matter ...
 I love this mixer ! I have Celiac Disease and have to use alternative flours . Doughs that my dinky little hand mixer could n't handle are no problem to this mixer . I 've been wanting this mixer for several years now and was finally able to get it a couple months ago . I will definitely be baking a lot more !
 We were really pleased with this mixer . Well worth the extra money to get this top of the line mixer , it is much sturdier than the next one down . It mixes dough and cookie dough to a wonderful consistency , and whips up egg whites beautifully . And it does it all while you 're busy with other tasks ! Easy to keep clean , and very easy to change the mixer attachments . We have only tried the ones which come with the mixer so far , but they all work well .
 As a result of a diet , both my wife and I found that we were wheat-sensitive , and finding good tasting wheat-free , gluten-free -LRB- WF/GF -RRB- bread in our friendly grocery store proved to be impossible . WF/GF bread made from scratch involves a sticky mess that will quickly clog hand-held mixers . But , with the purchase of this KitchenAid Pro 600 , that 's a thing of the past.The mixer easily combines the WF/GF flours , gums and other ingredients with a minimum of fuss and bother . We now carry the mixer with us when we travel in our RV , and I 've made WF/GF bread and muffins with ease . It 's heavy enough to not walk across the counter when operating , yet light enough to tote with us . I premix the flour combinations with the whisk , then change to the paddle when adding liquids . The 6-quart bowl is large enough for two 1 1/2 pound loafs , and should easily accomodate two 2-lb loaves . I 'd recommend this mixer to anyone .
 I 've noticed several reviews mentioning how hard/heavy the Pro 600 is to move around , which is true but there is a very easy way to solve this problem ... Just go to your local discount store and pick up a pack of -LRB- thin -RRB- plastic -LRB- so called -RRB- cutting boards . They will be located somewhere in the kitchen area but I 've usually found them kind of hidden hanging on pegs at the end of rows . Each pack has several colors including one that is clear . I simply set my Pro 600 on top of the clear and can now slide it all over the countertop without any effort at all , just grab a corner and it moves like it 's on ice . A few feet away you do n't even notice it 's sitting on a piece of clear plastic , not that it doing so matters anyhow.Problem solved . : -RRB-
 I have n't given this machine a ton of use , yet , but it has worked just fine , so far , for some dough and some batter . Two things that surprised me , at first , though -- and if you are n't attentive , may surprise you as well -- was that it was a bowl-lift design and that ... well ... it 's rather heavy , although there 's no need to move it more than once . The color is very nice and the bowl and attachments are easy to remove and clean.The splash guard/pouring guide has sometimes made my work with this machine messier -LRB- maybe just because I 'm clumsy -RRB- , but it comes right off , so it 's not really a problem . Additionally -- and maybe this is just my error , as well -- I have had some * minor * problems with it not * completely * mixing everything in the bowl ; it 'll miss a tiny bit on the bottom or sides , sometimes , but it still gets the bulk of the job done without any effort on my part .
 Dec. 12,2008 Just got off the phone with kitchen aid and was informed that all 600 series with an x in the model number have a metal gear housing . This eliminates the only problem experienced in the past . For the price amazon has them -LRB- less than a artisan -RRB- you ca n't beat it . Happy mixing
 My brother bought me this model for Christmas last year -LRB- in licorice color -RRB- since I kept complaining that the bowl on my smaller KA mixer was too small to handle some recipes . So far , this mixer is fantastic.This week , I hosted a party for 25 people and over 3 days I used my mixer to make 3 batches of bread dough , 4 batches of English muffin dough , 4 batches of pasta dough -LRB- and to roll out the pasta with the pasta roller attachment afterward -RRB- , two cakes , three batches of frosting , two batches of gingerbread cookies , two batches of whipped mashed potatoes , two bowls of whipped cream , and one bowl of pumpkin pie fixings . Phew!The mixer had a heck of a workout , but it performed almost perfectly . The only problems that occurred were with the pasta dough . It 's a very heavy , tough dough , and while the mixer motor and dough hook can handle it just fine , the bowl kept coming unseated toward the end of the mixing process , so I had to hold the bowl in place for a couple of minutes while it finished . Bread doughs of all kinds are no problem.My only quibble with the machine is the high-pitched whine of the motor . My previous KA -LRB- Artisan series -LRB- I think -RRB- bought in 1990 was not nearly as noisy . I do n't necessarily mind loud noise , but the high pitch makes my teeth itch :--RRB- I invested in some earplugs at my local pharmacy , since I knew I 'd be spending lots of time with the mixer this week , and that was enough to keep me from getting a headache.I can highly recommend this mixer and also second previous suggestions regarding the attachments . The pasta roller is fabulous , as is the food/meat grinder . I 've got the slicer/shredder , but have n't tried it out yet . I do recommend getting a second bowl if you plan to do a lot of baking . It comes in especially handy when you make cakes that require whipped eggs or egg whites to be added to the other part of the batter . And it 's a big time saver when you 're making multiple batches of stuff , since you can start measuring out another batch while the first is mixing -LRB- less running back and forth to wash everything between batches -RRB- . Like all things , having quality tools makes the job so much easier and enjoyable .
 I recommend this product , is perfect for pastry and bread uses , as well for cakes . Good choice .
 The mixer is an excellent product , performed as it claimed . The price is very reasonable and services , including the shipping are in very satisfactory manner . Overall shopping experience at Amazon is wonderful .
 All cool , I am lazy to write more about this , but it looks like you need some of my time so I will just say , I love you all : -RRB-
 So happy I splurged and bought this . On a friend 's advice I spent the $ 50 more -LRB- on sale -RRB- to buy this 500 watt model vs. the 200-250 versions . It is so powerful . I bake weekly and use my mixer often for cookie dough , cake batter , brownies , mashed potatos and more . I burned up my last cheaper Sunbeam stand mixer :-LRB- I am looking forward to purchasing and using the attachments available for this machine .
 Kitchen Aid is going cheap along with everyone else and starting to make everything out of plastic . Our old 4 1/2 quart mixer is heavier and presumably studier this this model . We have not had any problems with it but just ca n't give them 5 stars since it is n't made out of metal anymore .
 I should have read and double checked -- but I did not . I already have a stand mixer with a 4.5 bowl , wanted one which had a tilt head . I thought this one did , but it does not . At least it 'll be more powerful when I prepare heavier dough . But I 'm unhappy with myself for not checking more carefully and unhappy with the description for not being more clear -LRB- it is n't obvious that the head does not tilt up and it does n't say that , either -RRB- . It 's annoying to get the bowl out when done mixing ! ~ Otherwise , I do like Kitchenaid and like my other mixer as well .
 The product was delivered promptly in excellent condition . The seller did everything expected in the transaction .
 The first four months I owned this thing I did nothing with it , and even had occasional bouts of buyer 's remorse . -LRB- Well , a good stand mixer IS an investment , at least on my salary ... -RRB- But then I started occasionally mixing up fresh whipped cream -LRB- to have with strawberries etc -RRB- . And then I found it can make good , frothy , well-mixed hot cocoa , from pure cocoa and brown sugar -LRB- no blechy powdery hot chocolate ` mix ' -RRB- . And then I learned how to make matcha latte . And then I got into baking , which I 'd always found too much of a pain . It 's easy now . -LRB-^_^-RRB- For a while , I was using the mixer every few days . Then I managed to track down a second-hand veggie-slicing-and-dicing attachment for this thing off Craigslist , and boom , instant Cuisinart . No , forget that . BETTER than a Cuisinart , cuz you have way more control
 Great mixer , but after less than a year of light use the motor just died . This just should n't happen , period.However , when I called KitchenAid they were helpful -- because it 's under warranty , they are sending me a new one -LRB- not refurbished -RRB- and trusting me to send the broken one back in the same packing material -LRB- with a prepaid shipping label -RRB- . This would be a one-star review if not for that . I only hope the new one lasts longer than the original .
 I searched the reviews on this mixer and found mixed responses . Some Loved the mixer and some hated it . I chose the mixer from past exterience with KitchenAid and the hope that this product would be above the standard . I recieved the mixer yesterday and used it to make a large batch of complex cookies . WHAT A DELIGHT ! The mixer was not only quite , -LRB- which the sound of the motor was something that everyone complained about -RRB- ; It was wonderful to work with . I was working with 4 1/2 pounds of melted chocolate , 3 pounds of nuts and 3 pounds of chocolate chips . It mixed everything quitely and effeciently without any hesitation or motor drag . I LOVE THIS MIXER !!!!! and thank you Amazon for the Great Price . Best Value out there .
 I do n't have my mixer yet , but I just wanted to clarify from previous posts that if you contact Kitchenaid , this mixer DOES in fact qualify for the mail in rebate . I talked to somebody on live chat and over the phone . I guess there was a typo or something .
 I 've had the Professional 600 for about a month and have not yet put it through its paces mixing anything difficult . I 've used it make mashed potatoes and a cake . I find it a bit cumbersome to stop and scrape down the sides of the bowl . I 'm not crazy about the bowl lift design either . It 's messy when it comes time to remove the wire whip . Frankly , my 38 year old hand mixer did just as well with a lot less fuss . This is a huge mixer . As one review mentioned , it does not fit on a countertop with wall cabinets at standard height above . I had to clear a space in a tall lower cabinet to store it . Any time I want to use it , I 'll be lugging it out and hoisting it up onto the counter . I 'm a little sad that I used my Amazon points and gift certificates to make this purchase . Nothing really wrong with the mixer , I just think it 's way more than I really need .
 I use my KitchenAid about once a week for kneading my bread dough . It does very , very well when I knead only about 3 cups of flour . Oh , but when I impose on it and ask it to do a double batch ? I do n't think so !! It will work for about 4 or 5 minutes like a sulky teenager and then just quit . Give it a good rest and it will work for another 45 seconds and quit again . Woe is me ! I had to finish kneading by hand . My machine is great one loaf at a time and I promise I 'll never overwork it again .
 I would like to say that this mixer is absolutely fantastic ! I have had mine for over a year now and use it for my Perogies . It handles both the dough and the cheese potato mixture with ease and saves me hours of work . It is a 6 Quart Professional machine . I highly recommend this mixer as it is very well worth the money !
 product great had smaller one was great but this one is noiser in gears at top of unit is this normal iam afraid it is not in alignment -LRB- gears -RRB- properly and cause premature wear also was promised rebate never received never heard from anyone even after emailing to amazon still never heard you guys dropped the big ball not a happy customer and iam easy to please i thought but i guess this may be normal for amazon.yours bob sorrentino .
 If you have ever had a Kitchen-Aid stand mixer , it takes a while to stop trying to pull the head back to disengage the bowl and mixers . This mixer looks great and works great ... especially for large quanitities .
 This has been one of our better purchases . The quality is second to none and no task is too big . Well worth the money .
 This powerful mixer does everything I need it to do and makes quick work of it . Making bread is easy and the results are outstanding . Using the dough hook to knead the bread dough turns the hard job of kneading into a simple task.Mixing cookie dough is a snap . This mixer incorporates all the ingredients evenly and uniformly and in less than half the time my old hand mixer could do it.This mixer is large and heavy so find a place on your counter top and make it at home there . Some cooks may find adding ingredients as you 're mixing a little difficult , but the drop down bowl helps.My new mixer has revived my love of cooking , baking in particular . My family is enjoying the results . This mixer lives up to it 's reputation as one of the best home mixers you can buy .
 I 've wanted a KitchenAid Pro 600 stand mixer for years now , and as of today I 'm thrilled to say that I now own it . Gorgeous , slightly pearly-black licorice . On looks alone , it 's a stunner . As for the mechanics of it , I 'm happy to have the all-metal gear box . This should save us some serious heartache , as I 've read on here.I love reading through the reviews on this product , from 1 to 5 stars - excellent information is found here on Amazon . This product is starting out with 5 stars from me , and I will give reports and updates to this review should that rating change.Addendum
 This is my third and final Kitchenaid mixer . I purchased it because of the extra capacity and power . It is wonderful ! It will mix 3 cake mixes at one time!Be aware when you open the box that the mix and pour shield design is now one piece . The manual that came with this mixer still shows a 2 piece model . I found that out after a call to the manufacturer .
 At 250 $ this mixer is unbeatable ! I 've only owned it a month but I 've made many loaves of bread and the mixing power is amazing . MUCH better than the smaller models because it does n't get stuck or slow down when the load gets heavier . No more flour getting kicked up ! One thing to be wary of , however , is this mixer is big - make sure you have room for it .
 Review From Dec. 2007
 I received it in time for Thanksgiving and used it many times since . I love the fact that I can make multiple batches of cookie dough in large bowl and motor can take it . Works great and easy to clean up.KitchenAid KP26M1XMR Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Licorice
 First of all it 's gorgeous in the bronze pearl color and stays on the counter . Some days I use it several times during the day . I only wished we had purchased it sooner , but then again we might not have been able to get it in the great bronze color earlier . It is very easy to operate and to clean . Great gift for the serious cook .
 This mixer is the best of the best ! It easily and quickly mixes up everything from whipped cream and egg whites to bread dough . The motor is powerful and does not bog down . I do not have to hand knead dough anymore !
 La mejor kitchen aid , esta incre&iacute;ble para trabajar todos los productos de reposter&iacute;a y panader&iacute;a . La super recomiendo . :-RRB- -RRB-
 I have used this mixer for years ! It 's a work horse ! I have used it for many types of foods including cakes , cookies and stiff breads . It performs superbly even with heavy bread doughs . I can quickly mix double batches of brad dough in the large mixing bowl . I bought a second steel bowl for convenience . The second bowl helps to separate wet & dry ingeredients . I highly recommend this mixer !
 First , I must cofess ... I got it for the best price , but thats because I have an Amazon Visa card and had over $ 300 stashed in reserve . My purchase price was just over $ 109.00 . Yes , I paid for shipping -LRB- that 's included in my final price -RRB- , but I did n't pay tax . I had an older KitchenAid , so I did n't feel I could justify the pricey upgrade . That said ... I love this new mixer - I was n't slumming it with the old one , but this one just seems that much better . I wo n't deny , the price I paid made it that much sweeter . Whatever your reason might be ... tell you one thing ... you 're worth it ! I thought I was and I was right !!!
 RECEIVED IN TIME , CAME IN EXCELLANT CONDITION , POWER HOUSE OF MIXERS , WE USE VERY OFTEN , I WOULD RECCOMEND ANYONE TO PURCHASE THIS ITEM HAVE N'T FOUND CHEAPER
 This is one purchase that I have never regretted and am very proud of . This is an item that is a `` must have in every kitchen '' .
 And this is another reason why . My girlfriend and I have used this machine to make many deserts and dinners . Works great !
 I have owned a Kitchenaid stand mixer for 42 years and it still ran perfectly . I wanted a new larger one and WOW is it large . Runs great .
 What else can I say about this thing ? It chews through mashed potatoes and cookie dough like a pack of piranha on a wounded gazelle . This kitchenAid monstrosity was an upgrade from the tilt-up smaller version for me and worth every single penny . Not to say that the smaller one did not serve me well , but with 4 people in my family , it was either upgrade the mixer to make more bread , cookies and potatoes or unleash a small cannibal horde upon the unknowing masses . All in all a good product .
 So I had been using my grandmothers old Sunbeam stand mixer . You know , the type where you had to spin the bowl and constantly push down the dough with your spatula . Enter the KitchenAid 600 . This machine has totally changed the way I bake . I was actually a little upset at first because I felt that I was n't really cooking if I was n't constantly feeding dough to the dough hook . But having my hands free -LRB- and a paddle that gets the dough off the sides -RRB- allows me to really play with the ingredients . Where I was baking three or four times a month , now I 'm baking a few times a week just so I can use this machine . Its well made , holds up to whatever I make it do , is attractive and makes baking more fun than it already is .
 11/24/12-Update
 I got the same mixer in black licorice and I absolutely love it ! I have had it since christmas . It is great for bread , cookies and more -- double to triple batches . Kitchen aid stands behind all of their products . This mixer is easy to use and to clean . This mixer is not for one batches though -- it can not mix it very well . This is a monster for large loads , so if you do n't cook much you might want to use the artisan . However , this one is better at making breads , because of it 's curly dough hook . Good luck .
 Here is the conversation I just had with kitchenaidCrystal P.
 I just got off the phone with the rebate center . 937-264-8018 . They called me back after I left them my info a few hrs ago . They told me that they are in fact honoring the rebate . I made several calls after getting conflicting info and was told that they were waiting on Mgmt approval . I guess that approval came through . The direct No . for the rebate center is
 I used this mixer -LRB- KP26M1PGC -RRB- about twice a week for 10 months , and loved it , until it walked off the counter after being left alone with a 90 % hydration pizza dough for 5 minutes . It went over with a 4-cup pyrex measuring cup , which broke and threw water everywhere . It yanked the ground pin off the its power plug and crashed to the floor on its poor head.After cleanup , I plugged it in and ran it for a few seconds , to see how it fared . I could n't be sure ; it may have been a little louder , a little grindier , but maybe that was paranoia . The center post turned a little when I moved it by hand , but then I do n't know how much give it had to feel comfortable giving it a good burn-in test with a damaged plug . KitchenAid said I should n't have left it on its lonesome for so long - technically , I suppose they could 've gotten out of a warranty replacement - but she said they 'd send me a replacement as a good will gesture . They 're sending me the same color , and all we have to do is put mine in the same pre-paid box and call FedEx to come pick it up . So needless to say , I 'm very impressed with their warranty / customer service.They did n't have aKP26M1PGCin stock , so they 're sending theKP26M1XGC , which she said is equivalent . I have n't yet been able to determine what the difference is . They certainly seem functionally equivalent . I know there was an issue with the plastic vs. metal motor housing , and wonder if it 's a factor.I feel I 've given short-shrift to the mixer itself . Did I mention I absolutely loved it for 10 months ? I made cake , cookies , pizza and bread . Mostly pizza . I 've wanted one for 35 years , and it does not disappoint . -LSB- Update -RSB- The replacement arrived in 2 days . The two mixers seemed completely equivalent . They looked the same , both have a metal motor housing , and they weighed the same . They sounded the same and the shaft moved by about the same amount , so I think the one that fell took it very well . All we had to do was box up the other one and call FedEx to pick it up , and KitchenAid paid for shipping . The new one came with a rubber handle on the elevation lever , and it came with a the clear plastic ingredient spout , which are both nice additions . I could n't be happier .
 I just got my Kitchen Aid 6 Quart Pro Mixer and so far after making my first loaves of bread I really like it . A friend of mine has one just like it but is older . She said one of the things to keep it from over heating is to never take the dough hook out and scrape the bowl . She does not drop the bowl and leaves the hook alone and scrapes the bowl.There was a Mail in rebate of $ 40.00 . My wife who is a retired Post Master was making up the envelope and noticed that the zip code was not long enough and the city was El Pass Texas after calling the 800 number we were informed that it should have been El Paso and the correct zip is 88570-1816 NOT 8875-1816 . If she had not been the person to fill it out I do not think I would have caught the error . Which might have made me ineligible for the rebate time wise.As I use the mixer I will update my review.KitchenAid KP26M1XOB Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Onyx BlackI made a four loaf batch 14 cups of flour and had no problems it was not overly noisy and did not vibrate on the counter also the motor was not even warm . I kept the speed on two as recommended and never dropped the bowl to scrape.After using this for awhile -LRB- Feb 12 2013 -RRB- I found it much easier to make two seperate batches of 8 cups of flour . I use the paddle on low speed until KA mixer sounds and looks like it is laboring -LRB- very short time so do this at your own risk -RRB- . Then I drop the bowl and use the hook on low speed for six minutes . Then I mix the other batch the same way and let both batches rise for about 90 min . after that let rise in bread pans for 60 to 90 minutes and pop into oven . My recipe can be found here -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I love this mixer ! I was worried it might be more than I needed , but I love it . I bake a lot at Christmas time and this was great for all of the double batches of cookies and frostings I needed to make . It is a little loud , but so are the smaller machines with much less power . I am also adjusting to the lift bowl instead of the tilt back models -LRB- my mom has one of those -RRB- . These are not big deals to me though . It looks great on my countertop . As mentioned in other reviews it is tall , so that is something to consider . I would have also liked to have beaters that were dishwasher safe . This is a small inconvenience and I am planning on buying additional beaters -LRB- they will be dishwasher safe -RRB- . I would recomend this mixer to anyone and look forward to years and years of use .
 Honestly , this is THE only thing I have been asking for for 6 years . SO glad to finally have gotten one ! Yes , by the way , the `` onyx black '' is regular shiny black , not some goofy dull color I thought it would be like I saw in the store . It is amazing . This makes Christmas cookies fly by ! To all those reading reviews and seeing the complaints about it not scraping the sides
 Every time I use this machine , I like it more and more . I have made bread dough , cakes mixes and even made ice cream with this bad boy and let me tell you , WHAT A FANTASTIC MACHINE ! I have wanted a good mixer for decades and only could see fit to buy a little hand held mixer with the two spinners that attach to mix up the stuff in the bowl . Finally , I decided to pounce on the 6 qt . KitchenAid mixer when it was on sale -LRB- got the red one -RRB- . Man oh man , what a machine to use in the kitchen . This thing is easy to use and it does the job better than I have been ever to do before.If you are on the fence deciding if you should bounce on this mixer , I would recommend getting it , even when it is not on sale . You will NOT be disappointed ; especially , if you are a novice user , like me . I can not say enough about this mixer . I am so impressed that it is my plan to buy my girlfriend one . But then after we are married , we will have two of them ... oh well , what the heck ... we will just raise twice as much havoc in the kitchen when that happens.Get this machine ... you will not be sorry . -LRB- NO , I do not work for KitchenAid ; I am a novice cook , just like most -RRB- .
 We spent a couple years looking at stand mixers , reading reviews and looking at stats and eventually decided that the KitchenAid Professional 600 Series was the mixer for us . It had all the features we wanted , a good strong motor , a gear box made of steel -LRB- not plastic -RRB- that can stand up to large projects like baking bread or my MIL 's famous rum cake recipe that killed our last hand / stand mixer combo . The included wire whip , flat beater and spiral dough hook are all well made and sturdy and it has the metal bowl with a handle that I had my eye on . When Amazon was selling the copper pearl mixer for a steal of a price , I had to jump on it ! -LRB- The color is even nicer in person that it is in the photograph by the way . -RRB- When it arrived and I began setting the mixer up , I was amazed at how smoothly it 's parts moved - almost too smoothly . At first I was not convinced that all the parts were there - the handle for lifting the bowl up and down seemed way too easy to maneuver - the attachments for the mixer all go on so easily with no clicking sounds - it got me nervous basically that the machine might be cheaper than it seemed , but I have to say now having used it , I have zero complaints . The mixer works perfectly , the attachments and the bowl are definitely secure - I guess I 'm just not used to seeing something so well made that everything works so smoothly!We have now made countless breads , cookies , whipped creams and more with our new mixer and are very much in love with it ! I ca n't wait to try out my MIL 's rum cake recipe with it soon ! Buy this mixer - you wo n't be disappointed .
 I do n't usually write reviews but Kitchenaid customer service exceeded my expectations.I bought one of these when they first came out . After using it the switch broke and Kitchenaid had a new one to my house the next day . Several months later my wife was making bread and it walked off the counter and cracked several tiles -LRB- operator error -RRB- . It started making noise and I took apart the transmission and discovered a broken worm gear . I ordered a new part easily enough . However when it arrived it would not fit . I called Kitchenaid and discussed the problem with them . I clearly said that I damaged the mixer due to operator error . They had upgraded the transmission and they shipped a whole new mixer to me for free -LRB- and picked up the old one -RRB- . The new mixer performs flawlessly . A good product but even better customer service .
 I was all prepared to buy a 400-some watt motor KA at a warehouse club , but this one was on sale , and for about $ 20 more , I figured I 'd go big or go home.And I have n't been disappointed . I like to bake bread , but I lose interest in the kneading process . I 'm baking bread weekly and it 's just fabulous . Sure , I made some chocolate mousse and cookies along the way , but I am confident that since this mixer can turn out bread dough in a matter of minutes , it can handle anything.As far as the capacity , I usually make half batches of bread dough -LRB- 3c flour ; 1c water -RRB- and I do n't have any problems because the mixer is too big . I alsom make standard size batches , but I 've never attempted to test the true flour power of the mixer with a 12c batch.I have to admit , I had a problem with my mixer -LRB- getting stuck on ` warp speed ' -RRB- after particularly heavy batches . I do n't post that to scare anyone , but rather illustrate that KA customer service is just fantastic . Within 2 business days , I had a brand new replacement at my doorstep , with instructions on how to return my current mixer . All postage paid.I think a lot of people post reviews when something goes wrong . Well , KA this KA is all right .
 I just bought the Kitchenaid 600 mixer after having spent a good deal of time comparing it to the new Cuisinart 5qt and 7qt stand mixers that have gotten such good press the last year . I finally decided on the Kitchenaid , so thought I 'd share my reasoning in the following bullet points .1 -RRB- First , if you look at these items on Amazon , both the KA and Cuisinart mixers share 4.5 star ratings . Almost all of those who owned one of these mixers without owning the other one seemed to have great things to say about the mixer they bought . So , I took this to mean that I really could n't go wrong either way . However , I did know that I wanted either the 6qt KA or the 7qt Cuisinart becuase I like to make bread and also because I like heavy duty stuff ! 2 -RRB- Next , I was impressed by the longer 3yr/5yr warranty offered by Cuisinart . However , I think just about every review by someone who had problems with the Cuisinart REALLY complained about their customer service , shipping costs , and hassle of dealing with Cuisinart when something goes wrong . I think most of the KA owners were fairly happy with KA customer service , even if only a 1 year warranty . Either way , most of the people having problems with EITHER of these mixtures seemed to be those who wanted to knead a LARGE amount of dough , and I ca n't help but thinking they are trying to do too much with the equipment they bought -- they should buy a $ 1500 Hobart .3 -RRB- Kitchenaid 's past problems with plastic gears caused me a little concern , but I read enough to know that this was a major issue for them a couple of years back , and that they had taken great pains to correct the problem -- so I discounted this worry .4 -RRB- Next , I checked out the Cuisinart 5qt at the store . The good things about it are the lower profile and the tilting mixer head -- giving you more clearance and maybe easier access to the bowl . However , there are a LOT of parts , electronics , springs , levers , etc. on this mixer !! In other words , a LOT to go wrong or break in my opinion . Plus , the digital controls seemed kind of flimsy plastic . Who knows , maybe I 'm completely wrong here , but I could n't help but doubt that the average Cuisinart is not going to make it many years without some issues . Since its only been out a year or so , it does n't have a track record yet either . This factor swayed me toward the simplicity of the KA 600.5 -RRB- Further , as we were looked further at the Cuisinart model at the store we noticed oil leaking out of the mixer head onto the splash guard . What made this particulary disconcerting was that I had read at least two reviews on Amazon -LRB- or another website -RRB- where people mentioned having this exact same problem with their new Cuisinart -- they had to ship their mixer back East to get this taken care of . This just seemed like more than a coincidence to me , and was especially concerning since I doubt the unit at the store had ever been plugged in . Another point for the KA 600.6 -RRB- But Cuisinart 's great review in the last Cook 's Illustrated still almost swayed me to buy the Cuisinart . However , I went to the trouble of getting a subscription to CI to read the review . My impression from the review was that the main reason the Cuisinart was rated tops was due to all its features . However , I already explained my concern about all the stuff on the Cusinart . Moreover , the KA 600 is now ranked second only behind the Cuisinart , AND had been ranked no. 1 in the previous year review before the new Cuisinart came out . So , I decided to forget the review . NOTE
 Well , here I am almost 50 weeks to the day since receiving my 1st Kitchenaid Pro 600 . When I first got my Kitchenaid Pro 600 I was thrilled to say the least - I had been wanting a Hobart/Kitchenaid stand mixer for over 25 years . I had never gotten one until finally my daughter ordered one for me and there it was on my front step . I could n't wait to use it.My first disappointment was the noise it made when I plugged it in and turned it on - it was LOUD . I mean you could not carry on a conversation if you were next to it when it was running . I was also a little disappointed over how it seemed to strain when mixing a regular batch of bread dough -LRB- no where near the 14 cups touted on the box - more like 7 or 8 -RRB- . But , I continued to use it making bread at least once a week.Well , to make a long story short -LRB- yeah , I know - it 's too late for that -RRB- , at approximately 49 weeks from the the day I received it I was mixing a regular batch of wheat bread dough -LRB- 2 cups wheat flour , 4 cups bread flour and 1 cup bulgar wheat -RRB- when BAM ! there was a loud Pop and the dough spiral stopped turning and just sat there quivering while the machine made a chattering noise.My wife got on the phone and called customer service and after a little phone tag and email tag regarding date of purchase and photocopies of the shipping invoice , they agreed to ship me a replacement machine - Do n't get me wrong , Customer service was very friendly , helpful and understanding - I have absolutely no complaints with how all of this has been handled . Once they had my proof of purchase date , my new machine was on the way.Anyway , it is now only four days later -LRB- customer service said it would be 7-10 days -RRB- and I just finished mixing up the same recipe with the replacement machine and WOW , what a difference ! To my amazement the new machine is MUCH , MUCH quieter than the old one - the gear noise is very acceptable -LRB- my wife and I have no problem carrying on a conversation in a normal voice when standing right next to it -RRB- . Also , this machine does n't seem to strain anywhere near as hard as the old unit did - by far a much smoother , quieter , better running machine than my first one . I am thrilled to have the new machine!Bottom line - If you have a machine that has loud to very loud gear whine and/or you hear popping noises from the machine as it 's running -LRB- mine was doing both near the end - the popping noise started a few months before it died -RRB- , I strongly recommend calling customer service before your warranty runs out - the gears in your unit are probably misaligned and eventually your machine is going to break like mine did .
 KitchenAid KP26M1XPM Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Pearl MetallicProduct quality is well known . This does not disappoint . I do not see the faults others have provided .
 I love my new purchase . I had a smaller version for 20 years and I am a cake decorator . I ca n't imagine how many pounds of powdered sugar I whipped up on my old one . After 20 years , my speed broke and decided to upgrade since I had to replace it . OMGosh - on speed 10 , your hair blows around it whips so good . Great product !
 This is an amazing workhorse of a mixer . I bake bread weekly and this makes easy work of it . I use a 7 cup of flour recipe and no longer need to kneed by hand . The only thing I would change is the aluminium hook & paddle as they are not machine washable .
 Powerful motor . Works well on all tasks . The only issue is sometimes the bowl is hard to lock in place . It has to be done just right . Overall , am very pleased with this appliance . The price on Amazon was better than any place I looked . I would recommend this product .
 This is the best mixer I have owned . It has a shield so that you can pour dry and wet ingredients while the mixer is mixing and not have the ingredients spray on the counter and walls . It handles bread dough easily and more ! The price was the best !
 its good looking and very powerful but its so so noisy ... when its on a high speed , machine moves so much on the counter that i am always afraid that it will fall from the counter ... otherwise its not bad ... bowl is nice big size and it mixes very well ... oh ya they have good color choices too . . thanx
 Counter space is precious in our kitchen and this machine earns it - I keep it out because I used it often . And it performs . Besides , it looks hot . Makes me look like a pro .
 I 've used a 4.5 quart Kitchenaid for about 9 yrs and I really wanted the bigger one ... The 6 quart makes my life alot easier . I think it 's another AWESOME product from Kitchenaid !!!
 I have wanted to upgrade my Kitchen Aid mixer for awhile and started shopping around . I knew that I needed the Professional Series Mixer to meet my needs , but was reluctant to spend that much money . Amazon ran a fabulous deal on just the mixer I wanted , so I bought it . I was also nervouse about buying such a large appliance off of the internet worried it would be shipped damaged . It came in just fine and so far all is well . I love my large my Kitchen Aid Mixer !
 The 6 qt KitchenAid mixer is considerably more powerful than my previous 5 qt machine of the same brand . I owned the 5 qt stand mixer for over 20 years . I do n't bake every week . 5-10 years is probably a more common lifespan if you do . So why get the 6 qt with the bigger engine ? I like to bake bread and -LRB- more frequently -RRB- I like to make pasta . The KitchenAid pasta attachment is the best pasta tool I 've used -LRB- I 've had 3 specific pasta machines and can make it by hand -RRB- . The bigger engine is very beneficial for these jobs that put a big strain on the motor . The 6 qt performs these jobs with ease . Compared to the 5 qt , the 6 qt takes very little additional storage room , and if you like to cook , it stands beside the Cuisinart Food Processor as the most durable/useful tool in the kitchen .
 I 've been wanting a Kitchen Aid mixer for a while , and not only did I get an awesome price here on Amazon , but Kitchen Aid had a special going to get a free ice cream maker attachment . Well worth the money !
 So we have had this mixer for about a year now and it continues to work great . My wife uses it a lot and has never had nothing but great things to say about it . Amazon had the best price by far with the manufacturers rebate and I looked everywhere . I recommend this to anyone who wants something that will last .
 This is a great quality product . I bought it for my girlfriend and I do n't regret it one bit . I love my chocolate chip cookes and everything else she whips up with this baby .
 This thing is a beast of a mixer . I 've been able to knead a ridiculous amount of bread dough in this and it does n't even slow down . It 's all metal gearing , powerful motor and attachments really handle the toughest tasks . The dough hook is awesome . I just made a wheat bread that called for nearly 3lbs of flour and it powered right through it . Ca n't wait to use this thing more around the holidays . Do n't listen to any nay sayers about this . It will not disappont you .
 My wife found this on a Cyber Monday deal 2011 . I was skeptical because of how low the price was . I bought it , she LOVES it . I eat home made bread all the time . One of my favorite purchases . Prompt delivery . Everything was hunky dory .
 I bought this when I happened to find it on an amazing deal -LRB- $ 260 -RRB- and I am very happy with it . I wanted a kitchenaid mixer for a long time and I was about to buy one of the smaller ones since I found it on sale for $ 190 but then I came across this one and could n't pass up the deal . I was worried about the reviews saying they broke because of the gear box , so the first thing I did was took off the top and sure enough it was the metal gear box . All the new ones have the metal or else they probably would keep braking , but I have made everything in this and never had a problem . I 've made cookie dough , bread , cake , whipped cream , and a variety of other stuff , and never even thought this could n't handle it . I 'll admit I do n't use it every day , maybe a few times a week , usually to shred meat in it with the flat blade -LRB- which works great to do that by the way -RRB- and it works great for me .
 I finally took the plunge and invested in this . It was really had to justify spending the money of a stand mixer , but after using a Kitchen Aid food processor , nearly daily for making baby food , I knew it would be worth the investment . I do notice that it seems to &#34; bounce &#34; around a bit if there is a lot being mixed , maybe that is normal ?? Overall I 'm glad i finally purchased
 I love to bake ! This mixer saves me a lot of energy by mixing all of the ingredients for me . The various speeds allows for the sugar and eggs to mix well before I slow it down to add the flour and other items . I 've heard that you can make other recipes using the mixer , but I have yet to try it out .
 Like many Christopher Kimball/Cooks Illustrated disciples , I consulted the equipment ratings for stand mixers . This 600 series mixer received stellar reviews , and Amazon 's price sealed the deal.This is a HEAVY-duty mixer capable of great culinary achievements ! -LRB- Did I mention , it 's HEAVY ? -RRB- . The favorite thus far is whole wheat pizza crust . This mixer works like a charm ! It 's sleek , easy to clean , and Amazon shipping dazzled again . This mixer is a definite foodie must-have , and a great value .
 I bought this as a gift to my husband . He has been asking for one for years ! He makes homemade pizza dough and just made some fresh Italian bread which turned out great ! I 'm looking forward to making some of my own breads in it .
 I may have finally found a mixer my wife 's Christmas cookies ca n't destroy ! Hand mixers and a Kitchenaide Artisan were no match for those delectable morsels . This year , we have cookies - plenty of cookies and the Pro 600 handled the job effortlessly.KitchenAid KP26M1X Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Bowl Lift Stand Mixer Appliances Cookware - WhiteRick
 LOVE my new mixer ! i needed a bigger bowl than my other kitchen aid , so i bought this one b/c it has a 6 qt bowl . i can now mix double batches with less mess :-RRB- ** one word of advice , do n't put the beater , whisk or dough hook attachments in the dishwasher , handwash only !! **
 This is an excellent mixer . The mixer was received in a timely fashion . The mixer has worked very well . The large capacity bowl is a plus for large cakes .
 This mixer replaces one that was , I believe , over 30 years old ! That in itself is a testament to the quality of the machine in general . While the bowl and beaters included with the new machine seem less substantial , the function of the mixer is certainly not compromised . An investigation of all the new competitive mixers was done prior to this purchase . In retrospect , this was a futile exercise . The decision to purchase KitchenAid was a given .
 I love the 6 quart powerful kitchenaid . I 've made several loafs of bread and cupcakes so far . The color is great too .
 This small appliance is a work of art with the power and upgradeability to do practically anything . I 'm in love
 FINALLY purchased a stand mixer with a 3 piece pasta attachment kit and I am pleased . I hesitated always because of price , how much space it would take up and how to decide on the size of machine . I have a small kitchen and always talked myself out of it until my remodel . Now with more storage space I splurged and bought a big one . My only complaint WOULD have been that it may not work as well on a small batch of dough as a smaller bowl would and then I found out today I can purchase a 3 qt bowl and whip to use as well ! I 'm thrilled and wish I 'd purchased this years ago . I used the sheet roller pasta attachment for ravioli and it was fun and not too hard . However , do n't do as the instruction book says - it suggests that you roll to 4 or 5 . That is way too thick for ravioli , so do roll it to the thinnest for ravioli . Downside
 wife had an old kitchenaid that lasted for years . it was a warhorse ! the kitchenaid pro 600 is an awesome replacement and upgrade for her . she could n't be happier .
 Great product and price ! Was worth the extra money to get the bigger mixer . I will continue to purchase from this company .
 I did an extensive search of other reviews of this model and others before purchasing . I was not disappointed . This machine is way above any other mixer I 've ever used with controlled power to spare . It does n't overheat when kneading heavy doughs , yet the enclosed whisk attachment does a fast and admirable job of whipping heavy cream.The only , -LRB- and minor -RRB- , drawback is that it 's a heavy machine which become noticable when I move it from its storage space to the countertop and back again . The weight tells me not many plastic parts are used and it is a truly professional machine.There are other and cheaper Kitchen Aid mixer models , but this one will certainly exceed your expectations .
 It has the Horse Power to mix some tough dough and large amounts of cheese spread . I just did n't relize the height of the bowl needed adjustment before use . All in all it was easy to do and not really a big deal .
 I use it constantly and love it , but I think you could get away with the cheaper model if you are not a super serious baker . It also does n't scrape the edges of the bowl as closely as I 'd like .
 Exelente articulo con mucha fuerza y capacidad , muy bueno para la realizacion de tortas , panes etc.Recomendado para el arte de la reposteria y sobre todo para aquellos q necesitan hacer gran cantidad de mezcla , saludos
 It is quite efficient to make the dough , I use it to make pancakes and I save so much time with this .
 This mixer is everything I imagined . Works wonderfully ! Great Value ! Makes mixing a breeze and produces a superior product . Easy to change/clean the various beater/whip/dough hook . Making bread is so much easier
 I did a great deal of research on this item . In a forum I belong to I found a link offering a great discount through Amazon . I ordered and received the product with decent shipping speed using the super saver shipping option . I have made several items using this mixer and later found a link for a $ 40.00 rebate through Kitchen Aid . It has been a win win on all accounts .
 This mixer is perfect in every way . Just what I wanted . Has all the features I was looking for.What more can I say . I am very happy with this purchase .
 Compared to mixers with similar power , you can bet on keeping this one a long time . Very Heavy , Very Sturdy , and Strong !
 Yes I named this machine because , WOW what a WONDERFUL machine , I upgraded to this KitchenAid Professianal 600 and I ca n't say enough good things about this machine . I do understand that some people have complained about how loud she is , and yes she is nosier but my husband and I show dogs and we have 12 Bulldogs and Bullmastiffs I did n't find it that loud . This machine whips up egg whites VERY fast and I can have her at her top speed and my Betsy does n't move . I have so far only made cake items and sauces in it . I have not made any bread I am hoping to make some bread this weekend since it is my birthday . This is a WONDERFUL investment for anyone who loves to cook . I am getting one for my daughter in June she is getting married and I am going to suprise her with one .
 I 've had no problems with this unit and it works fantastic.Granted , I am not super chef and perhaps the complaints people are reporting would surface if I made tons of heavy bread but for the occasional loaf and everyday usage this is a fantastic unit .
 I think this is a wonderful mixer . Lots of power and fun to use . It has handled everything I have asked of it so far ...
 I am so pleased with my new mixer ! I have been using it to make bread and it does a lovely job of making two large loaves or a batch of 15 large cinnamon rolls from start to finish . For what I have been using it for , it does n't even get warm , never mind hot as some older reviews stated . Used it for baking cakes and cookies as well and have zero complaints . I purchased another plastic beater with rubber sides so it scrapes the sides of the bowl really well as it mixes and would recommend that to any purchaser . Makes it much simpler to make a cake when you do n't have to scrape the sides of the bowl by hand as you go . I Love my mixer and have asked for the white coated beater and dough hook from my kids for my birthday just in case I get lazy and want to throw them in the dishwasher instead of handwashing the metal ones it came with . Top Marks from me !
 Have wanted a KitchenAid stand mixer for years , and finally purchased this one several months ago . I love it , and do n't know how I survived with just my little hand mixer for so long ! It is big and heavy , so it is not easy to move around or to find a place to keep it , but that is okay . My husband teases me about my `` industrial size '' mixer , but he does n't complain about the pancakes , cakes , cookies , cupcakes , that I produce ! I think he even enjoys watching the mixer work ! My favorite kitchen appliance !
 This mixer is awesome ! It is Thansgiving right now , so my wife is doing lots of baking . The mixer has really simplified the process and the result has been some yummy treats !
 I bought this mixer for my wife who loves to bake . It is so big and powerful and easy to use . She love loves it because it makes baking so much easier and that she can bake in bulk as well . Overall I would recommend getting the 600 Series . You never know when you need to make a double batch of cookies !
 Is a really nice piece of equipment , cosnstruction is very solid and the machine y powerfull .
 This mixer is great . This is n't your mothers or grandmothers mixer . I love using it . It motivates me to find recepies that allow me to use it .
 I bought this product for my wife 's restaurant . They do their desserts fresh daily and this product works great a very smoothly.All the kitchen stuff likes it for it quite and ease of operation .
 This is an amazing product . The ease of use and the power of the engine make it a fabulous addition to the kitchen gadgetry . I like the color as it helps make any flour stand out - and so easy to clean .
 This is a wonderful product to have in your home if you love to cook . I am a baker myself and find I can make enough dough for 6-7 loaves of bread . I mash potato 's whip cream make bread dough , batters , you name it . It does not disappoint .
 I brought this mixer for my daughter I have the same one ... she fell in love with it on a recent visit.SO I DECIDED TO GET HER ONE . She has 4 chidren at home under the age 11She uses it almost everyday ... I HOPE SHE HAS MANY YEARS OF ENJOYMENT . Between both of us ... we are discovering it 's many uses.Thank You KitchenAid for such a awesome mixer .
 I have been saving up for over a year to move up to something like this . I have been using a hand mixer for everything . I have a whole list of health problems but I love to be in my kitchen . The mixer makes doing all the harder recipes faster and easier . Anyone who loves feeding people and being inventive in their kitchen needs a mixer this good . I would suggest this to anyone and everyone .
 I am very impressed with my mixer . The only problem is getting ingredients into the bowl . I 've been trying out recipes from cookies to bread . This machine has made my life so much easier . It 's a pleasure to bake now . My husband says stop ! I 'm making too many good things to eat . This mixer is by far the best mixer I 've ever had . Well worth the price .
 When I chose to buy a stand mixer , I wanted to get the best money could buy . Cook 's Illustrated rated the KitchenAid Professional 600 the best , so I looked around a little and agreed that it looked like a great mixer for the price.I ca n't say that I 've really put this machine `` to the test '' by trying to knead a two-pound loaf of dough -LRB- Cook 's already did that ... and it passed -RRB- , but it has worked great for me so far . The 575 watts is lower than some of the competition , but do n't let this fool you ! It 's a marketing gimick based on the watts it takes from your wall socket , not the power it exerts on your food.I 'm a culinary student , so it 's important to me to get the best equipment I can so that it performs well and will last a long time . This machine is on par with , if not better than , the commercial Hobart mixers we have at school . The cavernous 6-quart bowl does not escape the paddle attachment -LRB- unlike the Hobart -RRB- . You can put anything at the bottom of your bowl and this mixer will get it.It 's certainly pricey , but I promise you that it 's a good investment because it is the only mixer you will ever need to buy . KitchenAid has fallen short on their lower-end models -LRB- some of which I would never recommend -RRB- , but this top-end model is definitely the best on the market .
 My refurbished pro 600 went kaput after 5 mos of mixing bread dough . KitchenAid ran out of the refurbished to replace my broken one and sent me a brand new pro 600 instead . That was beyond my expectations so return policy/customer service is great . But in 1 1/2 years , I had to return four -LRB- 4 -RRB- of these supposedly top of the line , professional duty . This machine CAN NOT support bread making for very long . Like previous negative reviews , I think the plastic housing for the gears is the main problem . Needless to say , my original 4 qt classic mixer tolerated 13 years of constant bread making -LRB- and still going -RRB- , but this heavy duty can barely make it into the 5th month . Its fine if it breaks within the warrantee time period , but if it waits until the year is over , you the buyer is out of luck.I 'm really disappointed ... I 'd edit the stars to three if I could .
 I had an KitchenAid ultra power mixer -LRB- 4 1/2 qt ; 325 Watt -RRB- , but I make a lot of homemade bread and found it to be too small , so I upgraded . At 16 1/2 inches , this thing is tall . If you intend to put it beneath an upper cabinet , measure the space and make sure there is room . I have made lots of bread , pizza dough , cakes , whipped egg whites , you name it . This mixer has the power and the capacity to handle just about everything a home user would ever want to put into it . I use it all the time . If I do n't need a small mixing bowl I use this one -- a spoon and a bowl is just as much trouble to wash as a beater and a bowl.If you do n't knead a lot of doughs , though , you might want to save yourself some money and get a smaller mixer . My ultra power was just as good at everything this one is except multiple loaves of bread .
 First , I was surprised in the time which I received my mixer . Second , I have used it for about a month and seem to be baking non-stop . It has worked like a champ without any problems , just like I expected from a KitchenAid !
 Well we shopped and shopped for this unit after reading review after review we decided to go with the Professional 600 series . The wait was worth it powerfull quiet unit that kneads excellently . Just totally enjoy the unit fast profession delivery etc. . Amazon did it again , thanks
 The mixer is everything that I expected . I know it will last the rest of my life . Not only that but Amazon had the best price I could find . The KitchenAid rebate helped also .
 I have wanted one of these mixers for so many years . I make biscotti and as you may know , the dough is very thick and pretty much of a work-out to do by hand . Creaming the butter and sugar is not bad but when you have to add the dry ingredients it gets tough . So I waited until I could get what I considered to be the best one and in such a beautiful color that goes with all my burgundy accents . I finally made my first batch of biscotti with my new mixer and it was unbelievable how much simpler it was ! I now am going to get adventuresome and try bread and lots of other recipes . The KA stand mixer certainly makes light work out of some more difficult recipes and I am so proud to own one now ! And working with Amazon is just the best ! Their customer service is fantastic and I could n't be happier dealing with them .
 did n't realize how much i would love a kitchen aid mixer , use it daily , -LRB- with love -RRB- does everything and more than i expected , am going to see that my daughter has one also .
 I have had a Kitchen Aid for over 30 years . I wanted this one ever since it came out . Amazon had a great price on it and I grabbed it ! This mixer is awesome ! I love how the bowl is wider and it 's more powerful.My opinion - the best on the market .
 We are happy with the purchase of the KitchenAid Pro 600 . The Pro 600 works very well . KitchenAid mixers are a good product . We have had a KitchenAid mixer in our household for the past 32 years .
 I ordered this and it was a good deal , just could not belive it was at my door in just a couple days . Came in perfect condition and works great . I know I will enjoy it for years , just like all my other kitchenAid stuff.Thank you and keep up the good work .
 I finally replaced my 30 year old KitchenAid , with this one , and I am thrilled . BTW , passed the old one on to my daughter , since it is still running great . Love the bigger bowl . Also love the gorgeous color . I really believe in the KithenAid brand . Have so much of it .
 UPDATE
 Due to the very high number of complaints about the problems people were having with heavy duty tasks -LRB- which is what the mixer should have been made for ! -RRB- due to cheap plastic housing holding the heavy duty metal gears , I contact KitchenAid to find out if this design flaw has been fixed . It has been and here is their response -LRB- note that they are saying that if you receive one of the models with the plastic housing they will replace it under warranty with the new metal housing . It is also important to note that the people who 've had the problem have almost all stated that KitchenAid had great customer service and replaced their mixers with no ones with no problems.RESPONSE FROM KITCHENAID
 I was a bit nervous about this Kitchen Aid model based on the research I 'd done on Amazon and the internet of previous models in the 6 quart range . I own and cherish a K5SS I bought 25 years ago . I will never part with this machine -LRB- with all its chips and cosmetic wear - it 's been a faithful workhorse and one of my most prized possessions -RRB- . I was ready for greater capacity , more power and a more cosmetically appealing mixer , so I took the plunge with the KP26M1XC -LRB- licorice -RRB- . I 'm glad I did.The machine is a bit louder with more of a high whine at higher speeds , but I would expect that with the added power and size.This morning I took it for a `` test drive '' with a 600 gram -LRB- flour -RRB- batch of pizza dough using very high gluten flour which I kneaded at speed 2 for 5 minutes . The sound under load was n't at all unpleasant and the spiral dough hook really works the dough like the professional mixers I used in culinary school and on the job.I 've mostly used my 5 quart Kitchen Aid for cakes , muffins , pate choux for eclairs , mashed potatoes and whipped cream and meringue . I 've made my bread dough exclusively in my large capacity Cuisinart food processor . Now that I have a more powerful Kitchen Aid mixer , I feel confident it can take the challenge of the high gluten dough -LRB- Take heed
 We went with the white / `` meringue '' mixer -LRB- would have preferred light green `` jadite '' , but such is not available -RRB- . Works great ! Now granted , as with any piece of machinery -- including your car -- you must learn the in 's and out 's . Before purchasing , I printed out all the reviews you see here and the product description , and studied all this information . Then after purchasing , I read the product manual . You owe it to yourself to do the same -- after all , you 're plunking down several hundred dollars . The main thing to carry away from the reviews here is to go easy with the high gluten flour.This is a reliable machine . It gets a workout in my household on almost a daily basis . No complaints ! The things I like about this , and the KA brand in general , is the elegant design , which inspires confidence -LRB- being heavy and metal , rather than el cheapo plastic -RRB- and accentuates rather than detracts from kitchen decor . I am not sure when so many major manufacturers decided that American consumers preferred cheap and ugly and unreliable , a la Wal-Mart , but they are wrong , and KA is right.Do not try to scrimp and go with a lower powered model , such as the 525 watt . I think you will regret it . I have read little hints in the reviews of that model , to the effect that the machine labors under heavier loads ; not good . I also do n't recommend getting refurbs or used , based on discontented reviews I have read on them . Just drop the three sixty-nine -LRB- current price -RRB- , minus the twenty-five dollar discount . It 's worth it , if you are cooking for more than one person . I like to imagine buying something once , using it for a lifetime , and then bequeathing it in my will . I do not expect things I buy to ever break , or if they do , they should be repairable , rather than disposable.I considered this and the 1000 watt , 7 quart Viking , which was considerably more expensive , and went with this because it 's so much cheaper and has rather good reviews . Viking seems to be an over-priced brand in general which tries to appeal to price snobs rather than offering real value . I also did not like the fact that you do not see many Viking products in stores ; which leads one to think about what happens if the Viking needs repair or replacement parts ; hmmmm ... Also , the Viking just does not offer neat attachments such as an ice cream maker.Yeah , I suggest also purchasing the ice cream maker attachment for another fifty bucks or so . We have had a lot of fun crafting unusual flavors like green tea and ginger .
 great piece of kitchen equipment!built to last!great price , and shipping!can handle any mixing job in the kitchen!sharp looking color!easy to clean up after use
 This machine is phenomenal . I use it for baking so often and it has n't shown any wear sign of slowing down . I like making larger batches of products so this model is great for that . If you normally make smaller portions , you should consider getting the smaller one .
 I bought this for my roommate for Xmas , as she loves to bake . She has made great use of it already this year , and I have reaped the benefits ! Easy to clean , easy to use . She immediately said , &#34; It 's as if I do n't even have to do any work to bake anymore -- this does everything for me ! It 's no wonder generations of women baked fresh cookies and cakes every day ... it 's easy as pie ! &#34; Literally .
 wife loves it ... works well ... easy to use ... she does all her baking in this mixer ... works well mixing icings ... dough ... anything she needs it for ... awesome price and value
 I 've had this for over a year and have not had the opportunity to use it very often but when I do it works great ! I recently used the grinder attachment to grind up deer meat and it worked like a charm !
 I do n't know what to say . Everyone wants one , no one really needs it.We agreed to not put it on the wedding registry , then I received it for my birthday!I use it maybe 5 times a year -LRB- gluten-free , low-sugar , whole foods since right after the bday -RRB- , but when I do I have a big $ *** - eating grin on my face.It is great for whipping a boatload of egg whites , not so great on just 3 or so as this machine is not meant for tiny jobs.I have the meat grinder attachement which works great for grinding boneless meat cut into thumb-sized chunks -LRB- such as for pet food or meatballs -RRB- . I could totally live without this , but am so glad that I 'm not .
 I have owned the KA Pro 600 for about a year and have been most satisfied with the mixer . I make bread about once a week and this mixer has held up well . It did overheat once but that was my fault as the dough was simply too dry . Thermal protection on the mixer tripped and after 30 minute cool down period , mixer was fine and ready to go again.I ordered another KA Pro 600 for my daughter for 2012 Christmas . I tracked the shipment with UPS tracking and noticed that the mixer apparently got lost at one of the transient points . I sent an email to Santech asking them to look into the shipping problem . Without my asking , they immediately sent me another mixer by Three Day Air . Customer service does n't get any better than this . The replacement mixer was received seven days prior to Christmas in good shape . I look forward to doing business with Santech again in the future .
 I love this mixer !!! It is great I use it for everything and it 's very sturdy . I do n't have any attachments yet but I plan on trying some out .
 El mejor ayudante para la cocina excelente para la preparaci&oacute;n de todo tipo de torta , muy buena marca se consiguen los accesorios para realizar cualquier tipo de trabajo de acuerdo a las necesidades de cada quien
 While I do not cook daily , I have had zero issues with this mixer . I love the color as well as how it handles any task I have given it . Definitely recommend it !
 I do like this mixer but bought it for my wife for Christmas . It was the only product I have ever ordered from Amazon that was actually shipped in the original box . This completely ruined the surprise part . She immediately knew what she was getting .
 This is the best mixer I have ever purchased . I have another Kitchenaid mixer but it is not as powerful as my new one . The power and speed make making buttercream icing a breeze . I have almost used my older to death but it keeps on mixing . This one has so much more power that I am not worried what ever I use it for .
 I have only used my new mixer a few times since I just received it for Christmas and I love it !!! It mixes everything so easily . The only thing I noticed is you need to turn it off a couple of times while mixing to scrape the sides and the bottom of the bowl since the attachments do not reach those places and you can not scrape while it is mixing . But it is not a big deal because it saves so much time otherwise . I would defiantly recommend this mixer to everyone especially with the current price on Amazon it brings the 600 professional down to the same price as the smaller ones .
 We have wanted the professional quality kitchen aid for a long time ... after researching the various levels we decided on this model . We compared prices at the discount stores and found Amazon 's to be the best and with free shipping it was the top choice . The performance has fulfilled our expectations ... now we wish we had n't waited so long . Projects like bread making are so much better than a food processor , no failures !
 There 's no place to buy this item for less money . Great buy on Amazon . Watch for the price to drop . I got mine for 279.99 here on Amazon . Add a 50.00 rebate from Kitchenaid to that and no tax I net my purchase around 220.00 for a 499.00 item . GREAT BUY !!!!!!!!! Great product . Very powerful ! Looks great . Mine shipped without the splatter guard in the box . I called Kitchenaid and they Fedex ` ed one to me right away . They said they were on back order . I received it about two weeks after I received the mixer . Great customer service from Kitchenaid ! LEGENDARY DURABILITY !!!! You ca n't go wrong buying this mixer . Do n't settle for less.It 's a little loud while running on all settings but the gears are metal and not nylon , so that 's to be expected . I wish the attachments were dishwasher safe . THEY ARE NOT ! Do n't put them in the dishwasher . You must hand wash . Also , it 's very large . If you look at the one 's selling in the retail stores , it 's about 30 % larger than those .
 I have been wanting a really nice mixer for a long time ; however , until June of this year , I was unable to have one in my really small kitchen . After we moved , I began searching advertisements for stores trying to get the best buy . I already knew that Consumer Reports rated Kitchenaid one of the better mixers . When I found the top of the line model on sale at Amazon , I told my husband that it would be my Christmas present . However , as I was waiting for it to arrive , I began to think that this mixer was needed before Christmas . That was the best decision . I have made cakes , cookies , & breads . I love the mixer . I am collecting more recipes to try out soon . Thanks for the great deal , Amazon !!
 Great product . I use it a lot to make dough -LRB- aata -RRB- for making tortillas -LRB- rotis -RRB- . The vessel shakes while making rotis ... does n't bother me . I wish I would have bought a smaller quart size .
 This mixer -LRB- profession 600 -RRB- I waited 4years to get When I saw it on Amazon.com I thought it was a steal a deal . I used this product in the past and it 's performance was excellent.I got it for the same low price like amazon.com but a little less . Everywhere I check for this mixer I could not afford it . If one waited this long to purchase a mixer like the pro . 600 , you know the product has quality .
 I bought this mixer for my daughter-in-law who is so happy with it . I have had one for years and saw that she needed one also .
 I have been waiting a long time for a kitchenaid . It was definatly worth the wait ! I use it almost daily for homemade breads and cookies . Kitchenaid is such a time saver ! Ca n't wait to add the attachements to my collection .
 This is my 2nd KitchenAid stand mixer . The first was a Model K45SS -LRB- 250W -RRB- that we purchased 17-18 years ago . Well , we finally bit the bullet and upgraded from old reliable to this beauty , thanks to Amazon 's $ 299 + Free Shipping back in Oct. . Wow , I wish I could have upgraded YEARS ago ! The larger capacity , combined with a wider bowl base and improved splash guard design , makes 4 lbs of pizza dough with little mess and no effort ... all at one time . Making sugar cookies and want to quintuple the recipe ? No problem . Christmas cookies were handled easily this year as we plowed through 30 lbs of flour , 10 lbs of sugar and tons of butter . And this thing is so quiet compared to our old model.The old K45 was great when it was just the two of us . But now with four children , including two 15-yr old boys , the 600 Series is definitely a better fit for us . Recommended ? OH YEAH !
 This mixer is the best thing I have ever bought in terms of kitchen appliances . I hesitated to buy a stand mixer because , in my mind , I always pictured only a super cook would need a stand mixer . I wish I had bought it 10 years ago !!! It is such a great appliance whether you are making one batch of cookies or 10 batches of muffins . It is a great time saver , cleans up in a minute , and stores easily on the counter . I recommend it to everyone .
 I am very glad I bought this mixer . I make cookies often , one recipe makes 13 dozen cookies . In my old mixer the mix would come out while mixing , this does not happen with this 6 qt . bowl .
 I Love My new Kitchen-aid mixer . It is red my favorite color for small appliances . It has great power and mixes very well . Thank You !
 My Kitchen Aid Mixer 5 quart was thirty four years old so I decided to replace it even though it was still working . Twice I had a minor repair to the old mixer when I overtaxed the motor making a lot of bread . I had it repaired at a local center . I was happy to stay with Kitchen Aid and love my new mixer . The new style bread hook is more efficient . I like having a shield to protect from flour splatter when mixing starts . It does n't work well adding ingredients , however . The amount of noise is acceptable . No problems with making bread or cookies.Got my rebate quickly .
 Best investment I have ever made ! It handles my bread recipe that makes 5-dozen rolls -LRB- about 12 cups of flour -RRB- . I would highly recommend this machine to anybody .
 It was either between this model or the artisan 4.5 qt model . I choose this model because of all the good reviews and I wanted the spiral hook for making dough :-RRB- As for the people complaining about the machine not be able to handle large batches of dough , this is not an industrial mixing machine , get over it . I can easily make 2-3 batches of dough at a time , which is more pizza dough or bread than my family can eat at once -LRB- or a few days -RRB- . You are able to make more dough than that , but for my needs I do not . I have not tried any attachments yet . This is a wonderful machine . My wife uses it at least every other day .
 Husband and I dreamed of having this in our kitchen for the longest time . It has been so expensive so when Cyber Monday came , we bought it right away . It was way , way cheaper that day and we are so glad we bought it because I love baking . This is worth having in your kitchen . It does most of the work for you especially if you 're doing a lot of mixing . I love the color and it is so easy to clean as well .
 After reviewing options from different manufacturers and sources online , selection was made based on research information . The price paid by purchasing through Amazon.com was most competitive . Delivery was quick , no extra cost for shipping and product was received intact . The mixer itself is A GREAT TOOL FOR THE KITCHEN . I wanted to know about the capacilty of the mixing bowl and I chose the 6 QT model because I can raise and lower the bowl easily . The design is perfect for uniform mixing and the attachments offers versatility in product type for baking . Overall I am -LSB- ASIN : B0002Y5X9W KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl -RSB- -RSB- very pleased .
 I love this machine . The bowl is big so making pizza or bread dough with the hook attachment is a snap . The unit is completely enclosed so the clean up is really easy.I would recomend this for anyone who uses larger recipes . If you only make whipped cream for one pie at a time you can stick with the smaller version .
 After reading the many reviews on KitchenAid and then the Cuisinart reviews , I almost did n't get one again . Every year my husband wants to purchase one for me for Christmas and every year I talk myself out of it due to price . I started reading the reviews in November and by December I was so confused I told my husband forget it . He argued with me and told me I 'd better choose or he was going to order one for me . After reading all the pros and cons of all the various KitchenAid models and then the Cuisinart mixers , I ultimately agreed on the KitchenAid Professional 6 quart in Caviar Gloss . I have to say that I could n't be happier . This machine runs like a dream . I believe the people who compain about it being too loud or undsturdy are using it incorrectly . It is a monster and making this thing wobble would take quite a bit of overloading . Again , I stand by it being used improperly to cause bouncing . It is no louder than my old hand mixer and does so much more . The caviar gloss color is beautiful and fits right in with my stainless steel appliances ! I ca n't say enough about how thrilled I am with this purchase .
 After over 25 years of excellent service I finally justified replacing my K5SS mixer with a new KitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series.I just could ' t put up with the `` C '' type kneading attachment any longer . I am a home baker with more than a few years under my belt , and the K5SS became a hasstle.I 'm sorry it took me so long to give in.My new Pro 600 with the larger bowl and a real kneading hook is the best investment I have made in the kitchen in years.This mixer has the power to knead 3 loaves of my favorite breads and barely gets warm in the process.It powers through thick cookie dough.I am a happy baker at last.Fear not KA the K5SS has a new home , our son has started to follow in the old mans footsteps.If you are considering upgrading your mixer , this is it , unless you bake as much as I do , read on .12 / 6/2012My Kitchenaid Professional 600 Series mixer has bit the dust after just 2 years or service.Not that I 'm , really , surprised or disappointed I worked it into the ground mixing one batch of bread after another.This unit is in my home , and NO I am not a professional or commercial baker . I just bake a lot of bread for us , friends and the neighbors.Although it is advertised as professional it is n't that professional.So what 's next?I have purchased another Kitchenaid mixer . This time I have gone commercial and purchased the KitchenAid 7 Qt . S/S Bowl Commercial NSF Mixer.Sometimes you just have to go big or quit .
 arrived in 2 days in perfect condition , this was a cristmas present for my wife - loves to cook . she loves it , actually rearanged her whole kitchen around it . works fantastick , making bread dogh is so easy she has gone thru a 20 pound sack of flour in 3 weeks .
 This is the second kitchenaid pro mixer for us . I have a cake shop and use the mixer about four hours a day . The last one lasted about five years . That is a lot of hours for a mixer .
 So far I 'm really happy with my new mixer . I did more baking than normal for me over the holidays and it worked perfectly . The one thing that I did learn is to use the shield -LRB- think that 's what it 's called -RRB- . When I made mashed potatoes and turned it up to speed 10 potatoes went flying . I wo n't make that mistake again when using the higher speeds .
 We wanted a larger bowl and dediced to finally purchase a new KitchenAid after 25 years . The bowl is quite a bit larger , but much lighter . The machine itself weighs half the weight of our old one . The knob to turn on is cheap and feels flimsy . It smells like burnt rubber when it is running , this is after having it for a month over the holidays . The beaters are also much lighter in weight and we just hope that all the cutbacks on materials will hold up for 25 years , like our first one . We did keep the old one for just in case ! I use it at least 2-3 times a week , so it has gotten quite a workout . We do use all the blades , especially the paddle . A double recipe of cookies fits rather nicely in the bowl , which barely fit in our prior machine . To be continued ...
 I have a perfectly good 5 quart Kitchen Aid mixer that is many years old . I really wanted the smaller bowl with whip that fits the newer 5 qt bowls and the 6 quart mixer . So for a real surprise and splurge , my husband got me the 6 qt KA mixer with the beater blade and the smaller bowl and whip . I am thrilled !! The smaller bowl is great for beating eggwhites or whip cream . I like that the new 6 qt has the plastic splatter quard on top also . KA mixers last for many years of hard use -- at least my old one has and I hope this one will also .
 Love my new mixer , the bowl size is great . I like to use the rubber sided mixing paddles that I purchased separately , they 're really good at scraping down the bowl as things mix so I do n't have to . So happy I upgraded to this bigger and more powerful mixer -LRB- I had a 4 qt bowl mixer -RRB- . This mixer is a dream to use .
 This mixer is wonderful ! I got it before baking Christmas cookies and used it for many batches . It worked excellently for even the sugar roll out cookie recipethat takes 6-7 cups of flour that we always had to mix by hand . Price through Amazon was also very good . I have seen the same mixer at other places for over $ 100 more than I paid for it .
 I purchased this as a gift for my mother when her old mixer died . She loves it and continues to thank me for it over and over . She bakes something almost everyday for friends and family and is quite happy with this powerful mixer that is easy to use and clean .
 I MAKE A LOT OF BREAD , HAD THE KITCHENAID `` ARTISAN '' BEFORE BUYING THIS MACHINE , AND IF YOU ARE GOING TO DO A LOT OF HEAVY MIXING THIS PROFESSIONAL MODEL IS THE WAY TO GO .
 I bought this mixer for my wife for a Christmas present and she REALLY loves it . It has plenty of power to mix up large batches of bread dough , etc. . I had read some other reviews before I purchased this one and there were some complaints of it being plenty loud -LRB- motor/gear noise -RRB- so I did n't know about that , but hearing it in operation at our house I sure do n't think it is that way . We have no complaints about it and would highly recommend it to anyone !! -LRB- especially to those that do a lot of baking -RRB- .
 kitchenaid mixers are as nice as they say they are , worth every penny , works well with the attachments too .
 Love it . Use it all the time . I make a lot more food from scratch now . If you like pasta , the pasta rollers are a mandatory purchase ! I could not be happier with this item .
 This mixer has great power - able to quickly mix up stiff cookie dough.I just wish you could lift the beater up out of the batter . This model has a stationary motor head ; they call it a bowl lift stand mixer . It 's very heavy .
 I received the mixer in time to make several hundred Christmas cookies ... it easily cut my time spent in the kitchen by 25 % . I also have made breads for the first time ever in my life using this mixer ... it was simple to do w / the cookbook that came with it , and the breads have turned out amazingly well .
 Took me a long time to to buy this was a lot of money I 'm glad I did now I love it , use it all the time.I leave it set out on my counter .
 This mixer is so easy to use . I love that I can throw everything into this VERY large bowl , and it does the work for me.No complaints so far . I got this New Years Eve , so I have n't had it too long , but I use it almost everyday . I use it to mix up batches of cookies , cakes , brownies , and banana bread . I have n't yet used the dough hook , though I plan to soon . Also , I ordered this and received it from Amazon in three days , with free shipping ! Amazon 's deals ca n't be beat !!
 I previously owned a 5 qt KitchenAid Mixer and it was great , but this one is HUGE ! And so nice to use . I can make cinnamon rolls for a party in one batch ! THE PRICE WAS AMAZINGLY GREAT WHEN I BOUGHT IT TOO !
 This mixer is great ! I 'm glad I purchased the larger mixer based on a friend 's recommendation . This mixer is a smaller scale of the large , commercial mixer I 've used in the past . I easily made Christmas cookies by the dozens just after it arrived in the mail and am experimenting with other items such as meatballs for dinner this evening . The item was shipped quickly and arrived safely at my door .
 I have been looking at this mixer for some time . So ... with my Christmas money I decided to take the plunge ! I have the 300 watt Ultra Power Kitchen Aid stand mixer and wanted something with more power . And this does the job . I just recieved it today and already tried a batch of marshmallows with it . On my old one it got all bogged down and the marshmallow would end up wrapped around the whisk . Not with this model !!!! It just kept going for the full 15 minutes it takes to make the marshmallows ! Never did it get hot , nothing ! I had no trouble with attaching the bowl . I had read reviews that that was hard to do . It 's not ! Also noisy , not at all to bad . I see nothing but a steardy AMERICAN made mixer ! Bring on the 14 cups of flour ! I 'm anxious to make and use the hook to knead dough . Was impressed with all the attachments are metal . As you can tell I 'm excited . I 'm an advid baker will get tons of use out of this high powered unit ! Ca n't go wrong with Kitchen Aid !
 I would have given this 5 stars but I think the motor noise level could have been quieter . I have 2 of these now and the noise level is the same with the other one so this is not a defect just annoying.I am very satisfied with this mixer and the price I got from Amazon beat even the lower end models from other stores .
 We gave our 35 year old KItchen Aid , which was still working great to our grand daughter . The new mixer is larger and also works great doing all the things we expected . The large bowl with extra power is every thing we need .
 Love it , have used it several times . Beats anything else I have ever tried .
 My fiancee , an avid cook & baker , loved this present . KitchenAid has a fabulous reputation and this device did not disappoint.Although some of the attachments are supposedly not machine washable , frankly , nothing could be simpler than sponging them off . We tested the machine by making batch after batch of gingerbread for a large house project , as well as several other breads , and the motor housing never even became warm . It handled the heavy kneeding tasks like it was turning air.I would highly recommend this machine for cooks or bakers who want a clydesdale of a mixer .
 Make room for this massive kitchenAid mixer . I use to knead the pizza dough by hand . What the heck was I thinking . Then a friend recommended a mixer . He had the smaller 41/2 qt size KitchenAid mixer . He loved it . Then , I seen one for a great price on Amazon . Though it was the larger 6qt size , and some off beat Meriinque color , I felt I could n't turn down the deal and plus there was a $ 50 rebate . Eventually , I 'll try the other attachments , i.e the pasta maker and meat grinder . The mixer seems quite a bit noisy , but I can live with it .
 he twith i recieved the mixer in very good time , and it was a very good bargain . we are very happy with it .
 I 've wanted a KitchenAid for about 15 years but it was never something we could afford . I saved for awhile and found an amazing deal on a Professional 600 , so I finally took the plunge . I 've used it many times since I received it and love it more than I thought I would . I 've never been a good bread maker - all the bread I 've made could double as bricks or deadly weapons if needed . In the past few weeks I 've made maybe 10 loaves of bread , most of them a 50/50 combination of bread flour and whole wheat flour . All but my first loaf have been light and fluffy and DELICIOUS . My hubby , kids , and neighbors love me . :-RRB- I dump the ingredients in -LRB- in no particular order -RRB- , turn it on , and in a couple hours have a beautiful loaf of bread . I also made the best chocolate chip cookies in the world . They all turned out the same , which has never happened to me before . I 'm guessing the ingredients were mixed in more completely , which created more uniform and better tasting cookies . I guess this proves I should n't attempt baking without my KitchenAid!In addition , the customer service I 've received from them has been amazing . I called with a relatively minor problem and ended up with them sending me a new replacement machine at their expense , against my protests . I actually feel guilty because the problems were definitely not so major that I 'd have returned the machine -LRB- especially because of their return policy - I was n't worried that if I had a problem in the future it would n't be replaced -RRB- , but they insisted on exchanging it now because `` I paid a lot of money for the machine and I deserved one that did n't have any issues . '' I could n't believe the customer service rep was telling me that instead of my having to tell her that , as would have been the case most everywhere else I 've dealt with.So because of the great product and wonderful customer service , I 'm a loyal customer and hope all my future appliance purchases will be KitchenAids !
 I have had a Kitchenaid stand mixer for many years . Mine was getting some age on it , so I thought I would treat myself to a new one for Christmas . What a difference ! The extra power is wonderful . It makes my old machine look like it is standing still . I have made bread , bread bowls for soup , Christmas cookies , and cakes . It makes baking a joy . I loved the large mixing bowl when making double batches of cookies . I have not had any problems with the machine getting too warm or dragging down when mixing large batches . Just use common sense when working with it . It is not a commercial mixer . I just orderd and received the grinder attachment and am anxious to try it . I would like to be able to grind my own chicken and turkey for various recipes . If it works half as nice as the mixer I will be pleased . Also , I love the Pearl Metallic color .
 Great product , use it mainly for pizza dough , gained 10 lbs since purchase.Maybe it should n't make it so easy !!!!!!!!!!
 Sorry , This purchase is for a Christmas gift , but the picture on the box looks great . I do n't need a new KitchenAid , the one that I have of my mother 's -LRB- at least 60 years old -RRB- works just great . We are on our third bowl , but the mixer works perfectly .
 Great tool for your kitchen it devours any task at hand . Just make sure you need it . .
 UPDATE
 If you do a large amount of baking and cooking - you need oneNot just for mixing but also for all the attachments that are available -LRB- I have about half -RRB- The shredder is a must , I use it every week , Meat Grinder at least once a month , pasta maker -LRB- I am a failure at pasta - so my pasta attachments do not get used much -RRB- Juicer -LRB- better than having another stand alone piece of junk made in china -RRB- Also these are American Made !!!!!!!!! I have had so many small cheap appliances made in China that have had to be replaced - why spend the short money when you can save money in the long run by purchasing quality products.In short this is my go to gadget in the kitchen and I have made very large batches of dough with out a problem -LRB- I saw one review that knocked it for this - chances are the person tried to kneed the dough for too long -RRB- . In closing , my mother had one -LRB- at least 40 years -RRB- Made also in America - I do not know what ever happened to it but my mother used hers all the time . I have had mine for 10 years now - and I do give it a work out
 This is just the best thing my husband has ever gotten for me . EVER ! However , the wire whip was bent when I got it . Everything else is perfect .
 I could have bought this product from you if I had waited 5 days . You put it on sale even before it had been shipped . You should honor the sale price within a certain time frame , at least within a week but I recommend a month . KitchenAid products pretty much speak for themselves . KitchenAid guarantees are remarkable .
 I rate the product amazing , but I actually returned the product to Amazon and purchased from a retailer , because Amazon could not guaranteed me a delivery . The delivery was a window of about 7 days , and that is not sufficient for me .
 We upgraded to this mixer after having the KitchenAid Classic for several years . For mixing cake batters and things , the Classic model was great and served its purpose . We got attachments as gifts and use the meat grinder and pasta maker often . The reason we switched to this model was because the motor was having some trouble with the pasta dough attachment , so we decided to upgrade . This mixer is powerful . We have made pasta with this machine many times and it has not shown any signs of slowing down , even if making a double batch . It 's a great machine that can really handle anything we throw at it.The big drawback of this machine is that the beater , whipper , etc. are not dishwasher-safe . What a big disappointment . For a mixer costing $ 300 + , you would think they would make these parts out of stainless steel . Instead , KitchenAid sells better quality items to you as additional purchases to add to the already expensive mixer . To me , this makes the machine 's build quality slightly less than what it could have been otherwise.My true rating for this machine would be a 4.5 . While I wish KitchenAid would have put the best quality materials into their machine , it certainly mixes well and looks great , too .
 We have 3 kitchenaid 6 qt pro series mixers in our cake shop and they do n't miss a beat . We run them for hours at a time . They do get hot -LRB- push alot of wattage -RRB- but work great .
 I love my KitchenAid 6 Quart Pearl Metallic mixer ! I got mine about a month ago . I 've waited until I 'm 37 to invest in one of these babies , and I wish I had done it a long time ago . It 's way more fun to use than a bowl and a mixing spoon or kneading dough by hand ! I 've made lots of pizza dough , lots of cookies , and even mixed up some omelet eggs with this thing , all of which turned out fantastic . Make sure you keep checking daily on the price here on Amazon , because it fluctuates just like the stock market . If you see a color that you like , but it 's too expensive , just wait . It 'll come down in price , or maybe go up . It 'll vary wildly . Supply and demand , I suppose . I highly recommend this mixer !
 The initial order arrived exactly as expected and was given as a gift to my wife on Christmas . When plugged in , it would n't start . On the next business day , we contacted KitchenAid and received excellent response . After a few questions , they promised to ship a new unit within 7-10 business days . The new unit arrived via FedEx TWO days later ! Works great and the wife is thrilled . This unit was purchased to replace one still in service that had been my mother 's . It was used almost daily for the first 10 years of my life at least and is now 60 + years old and still runs !
 This is a real work horse . Purchased this as a replacement for my KSM90 but decided to keep both . I keep the smaller one for minor kitchen use as the new one is too tall to fit under my special made cabinets . And I bring out the big one for my large jobs , like double batches of cookies , etc. . Have used it for bread also and works wonderfully !! What a great mixer , I love it !!
 I got my pro 600 and LOVE IT , LOVE the savings . I was concerned about the color -LRB- MERINGE -RRB- ? Well I was pleasantly surprised . Meringue is a flat white color looks like an eggshell , atleast their version , and looks great . I saved over $ 200 + and purchased the top of the line kithenaid mixer for practically the same price as their little mixer . Thank you AmazonMeringue is flat white and looks like a white eggshell .
 During the first month , the KP26M1XWH Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer has been used to mixed 4 different types of cookies , stollen -LRB- a rich sweet German fruit bread made with nuts , raisins , and other dried fruits , traditionally served at Christmas -RRB- and scones -LRB- small rich quick bread similar to a rich biscuit and traditionally served split and buttered -RRB- . This machine makes mixing easy and fast . Looking forward to how well the KA mixes dough for pies.This machine does not bounce around on the counter and does not make too much noise . It makes baking much easier and faster than anticipated .
 I just purchased this bowl lift mixer @ $ 279.00 . I was n't too sure about the MERINGUE color but was pleasantly surprised at the nice matte finish . The meringue color turned out to be a very soft off white , very elegant . You wo n't be disappointed with this color . I do n't know why it was discontinued ! Personally , I think its nicer than the white . I made a batch of cookies ... so easy and this model came with the pouring shield . The attachments are burnished so no worries about any flaking from the coated ones ! If your not sure ... do n't hesitate ! This is soooo cheap . . ! I had it on my doorstep 3 days later .
 The product is amazing ! It makes baking so much easier , which in turn allows me to eat a lot more cake .
 I have waited a long time to have one of these mixers and I absolutely love it !!
 THE KITCHENAID PRO600 REALLY DESERVES FIVE STARS.IT DOES EVERYTHING IT ADVERTISED TO DO . IT ISWORTH THE PRICE AND I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONELOOKING FOR A GREAT STAND MIXER.CAROLINE BABB
 This mixer is a real workhorse . You can use this to make many different baked goods including breads , cakes , cookies and it is large enough to make multiple batches in one bowl . Great for use with a big family . The new attachments they offer are great because it makes it more of a multi-use product . I love it !! Happy baking !
 Have only used the mixer a couple of times . So far it is great.It was delivered on time and in perfect condition
 The KitchenAid Pro is well built and it performs well . It did leave our cheese log ingredients a little lumpy . The problem may have been due to an operator error .
 My mother in law , have the previos model . and lasted 21 plus years . -LRB- still perfect condicion and in use -RRB- . My wife is an avid baker , and also has a smoler model , now , 600 pro model she said , that its a great machine , the perfect tool to bake good !!! I just enjoy the results -LRB- if she need a taster -RRB- .
 The mixer is much larger than I expected ... . it is powerful and makes quick work of any mixing job . Cookie baking this Christmas went a lot easier ...
 Gave this to my daughter in law . She broke into tears because she loved it so much . Great for people that know their way around the kitchen , too much for those that do n't . Requires moderate arm strength to move around & make sure you have plenty of counter space . Gives kitchen a great industrial look that makes people think you 're Big Time .
 After 11 months I thought I 'd add my 2 bits worth after having the original product for 30 years . Other than noise it has been good . The factory or whomever videos must have a thoroughly muffled microphone with the one on the pitchman protected from external noise because this thing is distractingly loud . Having said that it has worked perfectly for my wife , daughter and Grandson . The old one produced digital TV interference and this one does not . Unfortunately Whirlpool bought out Hobart in 1986 just like they bought out Maytag and we know where that went . Buyouts are seldom for the benefit of the consumer or product improvement . There have been many problems with Kitchenaids since as per reviews and I decided to get something more heavy duty hoping it might last . So far there has n't been the electronic stench that new Whirlpool washing machines are noted for . It appears to be suitable other than noise . As to the complaints and videos about the machine dancing all over the countertop , slow it down . Some of those videos are real entertaining.Would I do it all over again if I needed another . As little use as I have for Whirlpool , I reckon , due to the lack of competition out there . It should be ok .
 I have waited for such a nice appliance for my cooking for many years . I am so glad I have this and everyone likes the goods that come from it .
 This is one product that no cook should be without . My fiance ' bought me this mixer and it has made cooking a dream . It is so nice to be able to do more then one thing at a time . It 's like having another set of hands in the kitchen that actually do n't get in the way .
 I love this machine . It performs beautifully and it 's much faster to make cakes with this mixer.Saving time in the preparation of baked goods is important at our B & B.Betty , Casa Monta & ntilde ; a Bed & Breakfast , Redstone , Colorado
 A great value , Fast shipping and low price . The home stores want almost as much for the smallest mixer .
 i waited a long time to get this machine . i absolutely love it . it looks beautiful on my counter . i use it three times in a day sometimes . everything is easier with it . im having so much fun using recipes in the book it comes with also . i find myself baking more . i love the power it has . it was worth waiting for it and the price was excellent thanks to amazon .
 I have a small cake business and i am constantly using my mixer . I burnt out my artisan mixer after 20 years and decided to go with the stronger , larger model . I love it . It holds a lot more so I can make less batches . The motor is a lot stronger therefore quite a bit louder but it is worth it . Having worked in professional kitchens for over 25 years I would only buy a kitchen aid .
 I 've had my KitchenAid 600 Series mixer for a few months now , and I absolutely love it ! I looked all over the internet when I thought about getting a new one , and found a screamin ' deal on Amazon . With shipping , mine was $ 190 -- NEW ! Even Ebay was n't selling refurb or used Artisan mixers for that price . Anyway , it 's a lovely Empire Red and I 've redecorated my kitchen around it . The only trouble I 've had with it was trying to get the head adjusted so the paddles did n't hit the bowl . I guess that 's why I should have read the instructions . Otherwise , it 's a beautiful machine and I highly recommend the 600 Series .
 My wife has wanted a new KitchenAid mixer for some time and she recently bought an Artisan model as a bridal shower gift for our daughter . I soon realized I 'd better get one for my wife too if I wanted to preserve my marital bliss . We shopped around and decided on the KP26M1XMR because it had a larger capacity , more powerful motor and all metal gears . I looked everywhere for the best price -LRB- even eBay -RRB- and found a great special deal on Amazon.com that was even less than the price on refurbished models and about the same price as the less powerful Artisan model . My wife loves the mixer and she can mix large batches quite easily . It is a heavy mixer but that 's OK because she gets a good workout lifting it into and out of the kitchen cabinet .
 I do n't know how I lived without this !! The price was great and it 's a real workhorse . I now make my bread without kneading by hand ! The dough hook does all the work ! I just accept all the praise !
 This mixer is awesome . It holds more than one cake mix at a time which my previous one did n't . It mixes well but takes a while for small amounts . I rarely use small batches so this is n't an issue with me . It is loud but I love the sound of it -LRB- just means it 's working without me standing there -RRB- . If you need a good strong mixer to make large batches this is the one for you .
 My husband bought me this in black for Christmas last year , and it 's a wonderful thing . I have wanted one of these for a long time.I have n't made bread with it -LRB- I have a breadmaker for that -RRB- so I ca n't speak about the dough kneader , but I have made hundreds of cookies , and this works really well . It 's quick and cleans up easily so I can make several batches in a day.One of the reasons I had wanted one of these is all the attachments you can get for it . No matter what you want to make , there 's something out there for this machine that will make it easier.We bought the meat grinder attachment , which works very well . Just put the meat in the hole , push down with the pushing-thing , and out comes ground meat . Five pounds took us about an hour to grind , and that included defrosting and cutting into chunks small enough to fit in the hole . We have several bags of sausage patties in the freezer right now.I have n't had a problem with the noise - it 's quieter than my 14 year old sunbeam mixer . It is too heavy to move around a lot , so it 's permanently on my counter . It 's nice looking , though , and I have to admit , there 's a bit of snob appeal with having one of those mixers you see the pros use on the food network on your very own counter.I put the ice cream attachment in my wish list - maybe for Christmas this year ?
 I searched around over the last year to find the best buy on a Kitchen Aid Professional 600 series , 575 watts , 6-quart mixer because that particular series would meet my baking needs . -LRB- Let 's face it Kitchen Aid mixers , rate 5 stars , they stand on their own reputation , for quality and performance , but they are somewhat expensive . -RRB- Therefore , as it was , my stepdaughter Kimberly knew exactly what I needed and found my Kitchen Aid on Amazon.com and for a price that was very reasonable . My Kitchen Aid , 600 series , is as expected , the absolute best . I do lots of baking
 I am so pleased with this mixer . It is the third Kitchen Aide mixer I have had . I give my older ones to my children and but the next model up . They are so dependable and this one especially is exceptionally capable to handle bread making and large batches of muffins or grinding raw meat or grain . Just an excellent buy . A superior product . Kitchen Aid 's service and support in case you need it is excellent and speedy .
 As with other Kitchen Aid fans I have many Kitchen Aid products . My original stand mixer -LRB- 25 years old -RRB- , is still in use by my daughter.I am now passing on my 5 quart mixer -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- , to my sister.As for the 600 , I am disappointed in the noise and the thin plastic pouring shield . I like the one piece feature but it is not the thickness and apparent durability of the old 2 piece shield.Otherwise it is another great addition to my culinary toys .
 I have always wanted a Kitchen Aide mixer to perform my Baking with . Through Amazon.com , I found ` the best price ' for a 6 Quart Professional stand mixer.It sure beats mixing with little hand held gizmo 's , that ca n't handle mixing 12 cups of flour for making dough receipes for making bread . My wrist 's and elbow 's are relieved from stirring by hand . I have started having fun Baking all sorts of different receipes , that I dreaded making or attempting before.THANKS AMAZON.COM FOR MAKING MY COOKING DREAMS COME TRUE ! ! !
 KitchenAid KP26M1XLC Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Licoricea must !!!
 KitchenAid KP26M1XLC Professional 600 Series 6 Quart Stand Mixer - Licorice It 's Everything I hoped it would be .
 I have been wanting this mixer for so long that I was in love with it long before it arrived . . It is everything I had hoped/dreamed it would be and more . . It will be the last mixer I ever but , guaranteed . . Thank you Amazon and Kitchen Aide for making this possible for me .
 Estupenda m&aacute;quina multifuncional para el hogar o para peque & ntilde ; os negocios . Ideal para moler todo tipo de carnes , sacar jugos , hacer pastas , rallar , hacer masa de pan de cualquier tipo , masa de tortas , galletas ... etc. ... practicamente no tiene limites ...
 The Professional 600 is my first stand mixer . I waited years to get a mixer simply because my husband and I lived in a small apartment and did n't have a space in our micro-kitchen for this machine . It was well worth the wait after I got it!I read someone elses review commenting that one should not use this to make cookie dough or cakes ... I BEG TO DIFFER ! Here is what I have made so far in the three months that I have had the 600 : - About 10 - two layer cakes using a mix -LRB- I take a cake decorating course -RRB- - Large batches of cake decorating frosting/icing/royal for cakes -LRB- about 2 to 3 lbs of 10X powdered sugar per batch -RRB- - Pumkin Pie filling for 2 pies - 12 dozen cookies -LRB- Varying from shortbread recipies to chocolate chip -RRB- - 3 batches of brownies from a mix . - Bread dough -LRB- 4 cups of flour for each batch of bread dough -RRB- for Wheat Bread Loafs and Indian Roti/Chapatti breadI wonder if that person who wrote the one star review was perhaps using the incorrect attachment or was not scraping the bowl from time to time . I used the recipe book that came with the mixer as a reference for what attatchment to use and which speed setting works best . Dough for bread should always use the dough hook on speed 2 only ! Cookie dough , frosting and cakes should use the flat beater with varying speeds depending on the receipe.I love the color also ! If you are going for a stainless steel theme in your kitchen as I was , I highly recommend the nickel pearl color . This mixer is HEAVY and so I wanted it to sit atop one of my counters where it is ready at all times . The Nickel Pearl is as beautiful as it is functional ! I love mine !
 In a nutshell ... This mixer does everything it claims to do and does it exceedingly well . Appearance is professional and high quality . All features -LRB- speed control , bowl raising , beater removal -RRB- are placed as conveniently as possible and the power output is superb . It is a joy to use and mixing for a single cake is like squirrel hunting with an elephant gun . But it really saves a lot of time and effort . If I must find fault ... The splatter guard does n't stay in place without holding it , but that may be my fault . I have n't REALLY tried to alleviate the problem . I might not have it exactly positioned properly . I may purchase another as a gift ... thats how impressed I am !
 Have been wanting one for along time , and then Amazon had such a great deal that I jumped on it -LRB- $ 309 - $ 25 plus free shipping and no tax !! -RRB- . I bought the nickel pearl 6 quart and it is awesome . I have made mashed potatoes , bread and cakes in the last month and this thing has some major power . Ca n't go wrong with this one . I look at the Artisan 5 quart in the stores and it looks so little compared to this one .
 I have the Professional 600 Series and I see that Cook 's Magazine just did a test on stand mixers and the KitchenAid Professional 600 Series came out on top . And I have to agree , it is a fine mixer . However , I thought it would be a little heavyer than it is . Now I know a lot of owners will say that this mixer is very heavy , but to me it looks like it should weigh more then it does for it 's size . Maybe it 's just me , I 'm 6 ' 290 lbs . OK , This is a very good looking mixer , it will add to the looks of your kitchen for sure . You will not want to hide this mixer , I keep mine on a side counter in the kitchen and it just looks great , btw , I have the Nickel and it looks fantastic ! , It has a very business/professional look to it . But looks are n't anything if it does not work . But this baby works just fine . I use it to make sweet rolls , breads , cakes , cookies and I just made some sweet potato pies for Thanksgiving with it . If you follow the directions and use the mixer like it 's meant to be used , I think it will last a very long time . Get one and have fun with it .
 Having read the reviews on this product , I had talked myself out of buying it , but my husband got it for me for my birthday . Soooo , here we go . I knew that I was going to use this primarily for mixing wheat bread , which a lot of people said was a problem , so I kind of expected it to die . It has n't . As a matter of fact it does extremely well for wheat bread . I make approx 6-10 large loaves per week and have since I received this product last January . It is great . My bread turns out well , and I routinely use the max capacity of flour - no problem . I do mill my own flour , but do not use my Kitchenaide for this - I have a seperate mill . I rarely have used this for anything other than bread , so I will only vouch for my mixers ability to mix bread dough , but boy is it a time saver !
 I owned the smaller KitchenAid mixer before and it was good . This KitchenAid 600 is great . I have two teenage daughters that love to bake large batches of cookies for school events . I use it to mix my Masa for Tamales and it handles the load easily . The sausage attachment is great for making homemade chorizo sausages or brat style sausages . This mixer is a bit pricey but now I have a great mixer to leave to each of my daughters .
 This is my second KitchenAid stand mixer . I decided to upgrade from the Artisan . Very powerful , does an excellent job , and looks great in the Nickel Pearl color . Just one complaint , it 's about 1 inch too tall to slide under my cabinet , so it does take up more room then I would like . Make sure you measure carefully before ordering . Once again Amazon.com did a terrific job handling this order and shipping my mixer to me quickly
 We are very pleased with this model . It came to use quickly and was easy to set up . The mixer is sturdy , strong and easy to clean .
 Excellent mixer ! I debated which model to choose , but I am very happy that I chose the 600 model .
 I 've had a 4.5 qt for a few years now , but never really felt like it could handle serious baking . My new 6qt can and it handles it like a pro !
 I am a professional pastry chef and recently purchased the pro 600 series . We use two of them in the kitchen every day . These mixers are durable and can stand hours of use each day , they usually last around three years with heavy usage . I was very disappointed when I opened the box ; I thought I would be receiving a gorgeous red mixer . What I got was a red mixer but the paint was orange peeled and very flawed . Also there was the distinct faint sound of gears grinding . So far it works like a champ I have had it two weeks . I will not be purchasing another mixer from Amazon ever . I have never seen a kitchen-aid with bad paint like this one . In my profession appearance of the mixer does n't matter so I wo n't be sending it back . My rating for the functions of the mixer is a 5 but the appearance rating would be a 2 , if that .
 Awesome appliance , very versatile so much you can do and the recipe book is great !! A must have can not do without !!! Highly recommend and the price was very reasonable .
 My last kitchen aid mixer , a cobalt blue one still works from 1992 but I got this bigger size after 20 years . This company is awesome ! The products are great and obviously really last .
 Love the color , they say nickel pearl , I say flat silver but I love it ! I used an older version of this mixer and then I moved out of my mom 's and bought my own . This one definitly has more power . I hate needing bread because the workout makes you gain muscle like a man , so this helps prevent that for me . The plastic thing to help you pour your ingredients in the the mixing bowl is really stupid and unnecessary . I put it somewhere in the closet or in the garage , but trust me you dont need it .
 Fabulous for any mixing that requires extended time or power . But be careful , it is so easy to make desserts that you will surely gain a few pounds .
 I received my mixer before the estimated deliver date and I just love using it . I have had no problems . It is very friendly user . I have been wanting a standmixer for some time . I researched other mixers but got the most positive reviews for the KitchenAid KP26MICPM Professional 600 Series 6 quart Stand Mixer . I had priced the KitchenAid Artisan and could have gotten it from other places what I paid for the Professional on Amazon.com .
 great mixer , we do several types of mixing using this . no complaints . . thanks to kitchenaid and the superior quality . Easy to use , clean and store .
 I bought this when I got an offer from Amazon KitchenAid products . The price was the lowest I could find anywhere . Then I noticed the $ 40.00 rebate offered by KitchenAid and I figured it was already a fantastic price I might get lucky and get the rebate . I got the rebate -LRB- The fastest rebate check I have ever received too ! -RRB- . After discounts and the rebate I ended up paying $ 203.98 -LRB- I opted for the $ 3.99 1 day shipping -RRB- . Great deal . It works fantastic and I have made some of the recipes in the book . The pancakes are awesome . I will admit that I have not used it much but it was a good investment and I will have it for years to come . Seriously the pancake recipe is so good . Try it !
 This is an awesome mixer . I make lots of bread and needed a heavy duty mixer to do the work . This one is so much better than I expected . If you do n't bake a lot you might not need this but I did and I 'm totally pleased with the purchase .
 I have had this mixer for a few monthes now . I love it !!! I make angel food cake in no time and have made bread alot of times . I think as long as you know that the things that are harder to mix like bread you need to set the machine at a lower speed . I always use the book included as a guide for what speed to use for recipes . Plus it makes my sister super jealous ! Ohh and not to brag but I got it for under $ 200 because of a mega sale on amazon and $ 64 in rebates from the company ! Winning : -RRB-
 In my opinion it is a great product only that makes a lot of noiseThe shipment took place on time and arrived perfectly .
 I have never owned a stand mixer before , but I knew I wanted to use it to make larger amounts of bread dough than my bread maker can handle . I chose the Pro 600 after reading all the reviews that said you 'll need the increased wattage to handle dough.First of all , make sure you have enough headroom wherever you want to keep it - you 'll need at least 17 '' under the cabinet to be able to use it in place . This may be important for many people as this mixer is bulky and heavy to move - over 30 lbs . But since it has the bowl lift feature , the head does not tilt back so you do n't need extra clearance - 17 '' will work fine.The first thing I used it for was an angel food cake and I have to say , the results were amazing . Using the wire whip , the egg whites whipped up higher than I have ever achieved with my hand mixer and in half the time ! The cake was much higher and fluffier , too . The plastic bowl collar makes it easy to add ingredients during the mixing process without making a mess.Next , I made a double recipe of yeast rolls . I used the spiral dough attachment and , as directed , never went above speed setting 2 . It performed very well and my rolls were perfect . I referred to the tips in the owners manual for fast rise yeast breads . The machine did n't seem to strain or struggle and the resulting dough was lovely.I also made 15 lbs . of mashed potatoes . Following the recipe and directions in the manual , the potatoes were very good . I made them in 2 batches , first using the flat beater attachment and then switching to the wire whip . It seemed like a lot of work and switching when I read the directions but actually , it is quite easy and quick to stop the machine for a moment to scrape down the sides of the bowl or change attachments . Also , the included clear plastic collar keeps things from flying up and out of the mixer when working with large batches . No more mashed potatoes across the front of my shirt!The bowl lift mechanism works smoothly and easily and is very convenient . The 6 qt . bowl has a well designed handle and is thick , sturdy stainless steel . I love the slow start feature ! The mixer starts slowly before coming up to speed so you do n't get the big cloud of flour bursting up at the beginning of making dough . I got the meringue color , which is a soft white that is a matte , powder coated finish . I took mine in the back of my van to the relatives for Thanksgiving , where it got banged and bumped , and the finish suffered no damage.The 3 included attachments are heavy aluminum and KitchenAid recommends hand washing them . The bowl is dishwasher safe . I have n't purchased any additional attachments but I plan to , along with an extra bowl , which I think would be very handy during the holidays .
 ... Very powerful with heavy mixes and still remains quiet and undisturbing to the rest of the house even allowing easy non shouting conversations during get to gethers and home-made pizza night . The 6qt bowl will still mix small batches so do n't think it 's too big for everyday use . Red Cayenne color is much more durable and appealing over the Red -LRB- the pictures do n't do it justice -RRB- . And at amazon prices you really do n't need to shop elsewhere ... trust me I wasted alot of time trying .
 I ordered my first mixer ... it was shiney , and I was excited to use it . The first time I used the mixer it FELL APART !!! Literally , the screws fell out of the bottom and the head of the mixer fell forward in the mixing bowl !!! I was sick about it , and called the Kitchen Aid number that is right on the mixer . I told them what happened ... they sent me out a new mixer immediately ! They even paid for the pick up of the broken mixer . Although , I was upset ... they really did stand behind their mixer and were VERY nice about . Now ... I LOVE THIS MIXER .
 I am deeply smitten with this beautiful machine -LRB- mine 's Copper Pearl -RRB- . I immediately started picking up accessories for it and determined that I would not let it get dusty in a corner . Got the Mixer Bible -LRB- available here on Amazon -RRB- to spark ideas beyond dessert.I 've used the three primary attachments plus the grinder and pasta attachments . The strainer and juicer are now here and ready to be used as well . I 've used it to grind what needs grinding -LRB- though I would n't say that it 's replaced my food processor , it 's great to be able to grind straight into the mixing bowl and go -RRB- , smash root vegetables , whip up quick snacks , make my own pasta -LRB- a new experience for me -RRB- , and of course make the inevitable bars/cookies . I have to tell you - I 'm in love.Though I 've used the dough hook for pastry dough and pasta , I have n't tried a yeast intensive item yet . If you watch Food Network , though , you 'll note those chefs use the Artisan -LRB- 5 Qt , tilt head -RRB- . If they find that model sufficient , I think the Pro 6 can handle it.Jan 2008
 I ordered this mixer because it has over 850 5 star reviews and only 120 or so negative -LRB- 1 star -RRB- reviews , so apparently people love it 8 to 1 . Sounds like everybody has different needs/expectations and one size does n't fit all . I also called the Kitchen Aid customer service number and they said the mixer has the METAL gearbox and DOES qualify for the rebate . They said there is a typo on the rebate form and that one should simply hand write the model number on the form .
 I have had the mixer for about a week now and I absolutley love it it mixes anything you want with no hesitation . I mixed 2lbs of hamburger and a lb of sausage for a meatloaf recipe and it didnt bog down a bit . I recomend this mixer .
 This review is specially for people out of Europe!A couple of months ago i decided to buy a US kitchenaid and import it to the Netherlands . The problem a lot of people think they will have is the Voltage and Hertz problem . Before i bought the item i did a lot of research on the internet to see if a 110V 60Hz product will work on a 220-240V 50Hz electricity network . I found out you need a good 110V to 220-240V converter and the 60 - > 50Hz doesnt matter . So i decided to buy the Kitchenaid and i bought a transformer at Amazon as well.Guess what , the Kitchenaid is working perfect ! I never had any hickups the sound it makes is normal . This Kitchenaid is heavier than the Kitchenaids in the Netherlands and about 25 % the price!The only thing i recommand you to do is , buy a transformer thats overpowered . Take about a 1000 Watt 110 to 220-240 Volt converter !
 I have been wanting a Kitchen Aid to make my life easier for some time now . I finally gave in and put out the $ $ . My husband convinced me to get the large model since we have 6 children and I spend a lot of time in the kitchen.I have only had this about 6 weeks and I love it . It has made my life so much easier . It is easy to use , it cleans up easily . I use it for cookies , pancakes , meatloaf , mashed potatoes , bread , muffins ... It is very large , so you really need a spot on your counter to put it and leave it . If I had to pull it out everytime , I would not use it . But since it is out , I use it constantly.The only thing I can say is I made a small batch of pizza dough -LRB- 3 cups of flour -RRB- and it came out just `` OK '' because I think it was too small for this capacity machine . But I have only had this 1 month and I am still on a learning curve , so it could have been me .
 After doing extensive research I decided to purchase the KitchenAid Pro 600 . I was deciding between a few brands -LRB- KitchenAid , DeLonghi , Viking -RRB- . I chose the KitchenAid for its value , durability , and great reviews . Seeing it in several bakeries sealed the deal for me.This was my first stand mixer . One of the smartest purchases I 've made . I love it . I love it . I love it . It 's powerful , easy to clean , and very easy to operate . I 've only owned it for a few months . So far I 've used it for for mixing cake batters , cookie batters , and buttercreams . I 've yet to use it for heavier batters such as bread . It 's stood the test for mixing a large amount of cookie batters.Contrary to other reviews , I think it 's very quiet . Looking forward to creating more delicious desserts with my Kitchenaid mixer .
 I love this mixer . I make pie crust -- 8 at a time . Does a great job . Timing takes some getting used to , as it is much faster than smaller stand mixers.One thing I do n't like is that the pouring shute does not clip on bowl . It continuously falls off or slides . Picture shows 2 clips on front to clip it on bowl but there is nothing there .
 I love this mixer !! I started with the kitchenaid 4 1/2 quart mixer which was great but I was making a wedding cake and needed a bigger mixer . I mixes an amazing amount of batter . It does have a more metalic sound than my other mixer . I got the meringue color and it is beautiful . It has a pearly finish . The picture does not do it justice .
 This is my second stand mixer of my married life . My first mixer -LRB- not a kitchenaid -RRB- lasted 25 + years before the motor started to give out . I did the research before deciding on a KitchenAid Mixer . What was tough about the decision was either to get a lift bowl or a tilt . My old mixer was a tilt . I opted for the bowl lift . Got to have changes in life sometimes :-RRB- I 'm having trouble getting used to the new lift bowl when adding more ingredients tho . I have n't used the bowl shield yet , so I think this will help . But time will help solve that problem . I have used it almost every week since getting it . I make my own bread , cookies , etc. . . from scratch , so I needed the bigger bowl for those double batches . I 've had no problem with the motor or beaters . I also purchased the attachment package too ! It was shipped right away , which was a life saver . I was in the middle of making bread & butter pickles , so I used the thin slicer for the pickles . It made easy work and sliced the cucumbers perfectly . It does weigh alot more than my old mixer , but eventually it will have a permanent place on the kitchen counter . I love the slow start up , my old mixer did n't have this feature and I ended up with flour all over the kitchen every time . I did buy the extended warranty just as a safety net after reading the other reviews . I did have to purchase a blender -LRB- went with a KitchenAid 5 speed after reading the reviews -RRB- to replace the one that went with my old mixer.KitchenAid KSB560OB 5-Speed 56-Ounce Blender , Onyx BlackThe old mixer had many attachments that the KitchenAid does n't offer . I would recommended this mixer to anyone from a new bride to an old veteran in the kitchen . Happy Cooking !!
 we got this as a wedding gift in march ' 08 , we 've been using it to make whole wheat bread every week since!In the beginning I was nervous about using all whole wheat flour because i heard some people had problems with it , but then we decided to try using only whole wheat and it worked gr8 !! we make a nice 3 loaf batch every week now !
 I grew up with my mom using a kitchenaid , so when I got married I got this kitchenaid . I 've used it for almost 6 years now and it works just as great today as it did when I first got it . It can handle double batches of cookie dough and the dough hook works great for kneading bread dough . My only complaint is that the metal attachments -LRB- flat beater , dough hook -RRB- are made out of a metal that ca n't go in the dishwasher . If you do put them in the dishwasher the dishwasher soap sticks to them -LRB- even if you use liquid soap , it crystallizes on the metal and you end up having to wash by hand -RRB- . You can buy the attachments in the typical coated version separately , -LRB- I have n't done that as of yet , as the ones I have work -RRB- it 's just an annoyance that you ca n't wash them in the dishwasher when the bowl can be .
 I have had my KitchenAid Pro 600 mixer for about a month . So far , it has worked very well for small batches of bread and pizza dough , a large batch of chicken salad , and a large batch of pimento cheese . It did not do very well when I tried a small batch of cream cheese blended with jam . The volume of the ingredients in the bowl was not enough to allow the mixer to mix them well . I may need to adjust the height of the bowl to get it to work better.The licorice color is terrific . It 's a matt black finish that cleans easily.The service from Amazon was also terrific . I placed my order on Saturday and received the mixer on Monday -- just two days .
 I am in the beginning stages of Rheumatoid Arthritis and have no strength in my hands . Even tho my daughter had this Kitchen Aid Professional Mixer I decided to save money and buy a Sunbeam for $ 100 . Big mistake . I struggled to push the button to release the beater and to tilt the head . Then it did n't work well at all anyway . So I bought this and I LOVE IT !! My daughter has had hers for years and it 's her favorite appliance . She did mention the problems with the gears . She makes bread and said she has n't had trouble because she followed the directions on not upping the amt the machine would handle .
 My husband purchased this mixer for me in Nickel Pearl . It is ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL !! I could n't be happier with this gift . I just made a lemon cake and it mixed up so easily !! I highly recommend this product to everyone !!!!!
 I have only used my mixer twice but have many plans for the future . It is hard getting used to raising the bowl instead of lifting the head out of the mixer but time will help . I purchased this mixer mainly to make a recipe that calls for 7 cups of flour and my old mixer could n't handle it.Amazon is great because you get things quickly , for a good price .
 This is a fantastic product and i got it at a fantastic price , i ck for all sort of deals from costco to just about any where and AMZ have the best price for the money . I sent my rebate in and i got my rebate within 2 weeks . THis was my best buy ever .
 I am very pleased with my purchase of this product . The seller was quick to answer any questions I had . I received the mixer in less time than expected .
 This Kitchen-Aid 6-quart Stand Mixer has been just what I 've been looking for in a stand mixer . It will speed up your baking/cooking time while giving you a hands free experience in order do multiple tasks in the kitchen while your mixer does your dirty work . From pizza dough to bread to Xmas cookies to sauces , I highly recommend this quality mixer ... NO kitchen should be without one!The reviewer was compensated for posting this review . However , the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . Further , the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor , Amazon or the review requester .
 used this mixer one time and really liked it 's performance . When I went to use it again , it would not even turn on !!!!! So I called their 800 number . They are sending me a new mixer to replace the broken one with instructions on how to return the broken one -LRB- return costs are paid by KitchenAide -RRB- . I hope I have better luck with the replacement .
 This is the first stand mixer that I have ever owned . I absolutely love it ! I tried a recipe from the enclosed manual and I am now adapting my recipes . I can not wait to purchase additional attachments and try new recipes !
 Although Amazon.com had the best prices for KithcenAid mixers , they are still expensive . Knowing that my girlfriend would be using hers regularly , I was pleased to read so many reviews on consumers having little to no issues with the longevity of their purchases . So far the mixer has been a HUGE help in the kitchen -LRB- and one hell of a relief on my forearms ! -RRB- . If you 're thinking about purchasing one and are worried about the price point , rest easy knowing that the Kithcen-Aid brand mixers are totally worth it .
 After doing much research it seems that Amazon has the best prices on Kitchenaid mixers . This was a replacement for our old Kitchenaid which blew up after my husband decided to knead his pizza dough at too high of a setting . We love it and it seems to be much more powerful than our old one . My only concern was getting the tilted version or the bowl lift . Our old mixer had the bowl lift but it broke one day and I had to keep going back to the repair shop to get it fixed . So far , this new one works great and is sturdy . I highly recommend this to anyone , even if you do n't cook because it sure looks beautiful sitting on the counter .
 Back in 1990 when I was in Jr. . High School I used a KitchenAid stand mixer in my Home Economics class for the first time.I fell in love with it and always wanted one , but for some reason I never bought one . This Christmas my partner Bought me one and I can honestly say that it has been the best investment in a small kitchen appliance . The possibilities are endless ! Very versatile and unmatched quality .
 Works great & has plenty of power . It 's a bit noisier than my old mixer but quiter than expected . It does take some getting used to regarding whether to use the whip or paddle . Also , small batches tend to get lost in the 6 qt bowl but that size is great for making cheesecakes . Scraping sides of bowl is a bit ackward but I would n't trade it for anything ! Overall I 'm very pleased !! Update
 Great product ... very useful in the kitchen . However , it came missing 2 screws . Nevertheless , this is used in an industrial kitchen setting and has held up over the past month . Highly recommended !
 The mixer is great ! My wife is delighted . We got the discounted price and when there was a price drop , I also requested and received credits despite a bit complicated process .
 This mixer works great ! Mixing dough is not a problem . Make sure to not overload it with too many cups of flour .
 Had an older model for 18 years so it was time get a new one.Absolutely love it , I thought my old one was great but this one is fantastic .
 This mixer is as expected , and is a big time saver . I love it
 This product is is everthing a cook or chef could want in a mixer.It also has so many add on attachments availabel so , you can do almost anything with it you want.We love it .
 This Stand mixer works great , I do n't know how I work with out it before . . lolKitchenAid KP26M1XLC Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Licorice
 This mixer has it all over my 4.5 quart mixer , I do n't know how I lived with out it . The best thing about it is it does n't shoot flour out the sides when your making something . I love it !!!
 I wanted a Kitchen Aid for a long time and when I decided to buy one I wanted the best I could afford . Hubby got this for me as a gift . It was the prize of my kitchen and immediately went on display . I really enjoy using it , but the size makes it difficult to use when making small boxed mixes or if you need to beat eggs.After having it about a year , the small plastic knob covering the speed lever became brittle and cracked , falling off . I contacted KA assuming I could buy a new one for a few cents and be done with it . Not only would they not sell me one , they advised me the entire machine would have to be disassembled and a new speed lever placed on the machine to fix it . In my opinion , they know this happens and are gouging their customers.So just FYI even though this seems a nicer mixer than the others out there , it may not be . Oh and the customer service sucks .
 Seriously , the title is proven to be 100 % factual backed by empirical evidence . Guys , if you love your girlfriend/wife/whatever -LRB- I do n't judge ! -RRB- then you NEED TO BUY THIS MIXER ! After purchasing this mixer for my long time girlfriend , she now VOLUNTARILY bakes me cookies , cakes , muffins , or whatever else my little heart desires EVERY WEEK . Hah ! And she thinks I was thinking about her when i purchased this as a present ... Actually i totally was but the end result was that i ended up winning more than Charlie Sheen with a hooker each lap on a Thursday night.So what happens after she gets the desire to expand her craft ? ATTACHMENTS ! Shes then asks if she should buy an ice cream maker attachment ... as i keenly nod my head in approval , on the inside i am secretly thinking `` YES , YES , YES !! THIS IS THE GIFT THAT KEEPS ON GIVING '' . Seriously , if your life is terrible , get one of these and eat it away with a crap ton of butter and sugar infused baked goods -LRB- Also think about get one of the brighter colors , that might spice things up for you ! -RRB- . But if your significant other is terrible at baking - then i am deeply and truly sorry and you should seriously rethink your situation .
 My wife swears by this brand and this size is the one to get so you will always have room for all your ingredients without worrying about them spilling over the top of the bowl . The power is excellent . Have n't had any problems so far . Have owned this for about 3 years . It does sound like it is laboring when doing heavy dough but never noticed any smell from overheating . So far so good . I think it 's just normal for this machine to make a somewhat whiny noise when pushed hard which may have to do with it being a direct drive motor . No regrets here except it should have come with the rubber bladed mixing attachment . My wife uses that all the time but we had to purchase it separately . For your consideration I will add that we have never made bread dough with this machine and my wife states that none of her recipes result in a particularly stiff dough . Many of the negative reviews here seem to focus on stiff bread dough and making multiple batches of it at once .
 I 've been waiting 22 years of marriage with 5 kids to get this . Use it all of the time . I 'm going to get a 2nd mixing bowl . I need to whip yolks or cream then mix the rest of the ingrids . Two bowls would be handy .
 noisy . bowl welds -LRB- as on all kitchen aid mixer models -RRB- not built to last - took bowl to metal shop and made more tac welds to strengthen .
 Hi ! I just bought this mixer . It says it can handle 14 cups of flour . Does anyone know how many grams are in a cup ? Because as far as I know there are different sizes of cups . I 'd really appreciate an answer , thank you all .
 This machine is incredible ; it has enough watts to make a large batch of bread .
 I bought this machine as a gift for someone that bakes and cooks alot , it is a definite upgrade to the Kitchenaid Classic , with the larger capacity mixing bowl and stronger motor , this is a mixing machine for the perennial chef , and for the money its a great deal .
 I 'm really enjoying this mixer . I have n't yet used it to make bread , but I ca n't wait to try . I 'm not a bread maker per se , but that 's one of the reasons I wanted to get this mixer ; so I could start . So far though it 's worked really well for cakes , etc. . It 's not the greatest if you have a really small amount of something to mix because the bowl is so big , but for larger quantities it 's wonderful . I did have to adjust the bowl height after I recieved it , but if you follow the very easy instructions , it 's a cinch . I also bought the ice cream maker attachment and love it ! It works great w / this mixer . I ca n't wait to recieve my free food grinder attachment so I can try that out too .
 The professional 600 is a beast , and a good looking one.It should be able to handle any job . Plus the service from amazon was unbelievable !!!
 My Dad received this for Christmas and he LOVES it ! It took up much less counter space then we thought it would . He makes homemade cinnamon buns all the time and is able to make a double batch because of the generous sized mixing bowl . Great gift ! And we just love the color !
 Has anyone ran into this issue ? -LRB- someone elses review from January -RRB- : `` I bought a KitchenAid 6 quart stand mixer from Amazon.com that offered a $ 50 mail in rebate . I sent in everything it asked for , and got a letter back saying they did not get the register receipt . The rebate says to send a register receipt or a packing slip . They say the packing slip Amazon sent has the order date but not the purchase date . I asked to speak to a manager and was put on hold for several minutes then hung up on . I 'll never buy anything from KitchenAid ever again , nor will I buy anything from Amazon.com that offers a rebate . `` My Issue
 I used to make cookies weekly with a hand mixer - the effort was exhausting . Now , I just put the ingredients in the bowl and in less than 5 minutes , the cookies are mixed perfectly . This machine will get a lot of use !
 This product is excellent . We are using it at our Homer , NY Senior Center , and it has made our cooking chores so much easier !
 Try this mixer and you will never be satisfied with any other mixer . It has a controlled start and a mixing shield that eliminates the `` explosions '' that you can get with other mixers . If you like to mix more that one recipe of something at a time , especially bread , this is the mixer for you . It has the power to do any mixing job but it also has the lower speeds for when you need that type of mixing . This is our second KitchenAid ... our first one is twenty years old and still perfectly good but we just gave it to one of our sons so that we would finally have an excuse to buy a new one with more power and greater capacity -LRB- even if we did n't really need it . -RRB-
 Love the larger bowl . Do not like the fact that the the top does not lift up and back to insert the beaters .
 Like I said in the title , this works well for a professional commercial kitchen , so I 'm sure it 'll be fine for not daily rigorous use at home .
 The pro 600 really has the power to get through the big batches of cookies my wife makes . I was worried , from some other reviews , that it was going to be a noisy mixer , but it really has n't bothered us . We got a great deal by selecting one of the less popular colors , pearl metallic I believe . I ended paying only $ 20 dollars more than the cheapest artisan , well worth it and the color is great .
 It 's a KitchenAid . Works great as expected . Used in a commercial environment and it can withstand lots of use . Highly recommended .
 Exactly what I expected . This is a Kitchenaid , a large heavy , heavy-duty mixer . Too heavy for my wife to maneuver , but then I did n't buy it for her -LRB- hah ! -RRB- I bought it mainly to make bread and so far I 've done multiple white bread loafs and french baguettes with the dough hook . Works great . Also did a scratch cheesecake with the paddle . That turned out fine although I should have scraped the sides of the bowl more carefully throughout . -LRB- I expected the paddle to clean the sides of the bowl better than it did . -RRB- Anyway , I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 We are very satisfied with the whole process . Best price anywhere by far . The Mixer is excellent . We have read reviews about this mixer and everything we 've read rates it high . We concur .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I have been making a lot of doughs and pastas lately and was getting tired of kneading by hand . When I saw the price of this particular mixer in this particular color I decided it was time to move . Arrived within 3 days . Used it right away for Christmas cookies and have since used it for pasta and pizza dough . I could not be happier with it .
 I absolute love having the 6 QTs to work with , as I can do double of just about everything . I only wish they had boosted the power . I do n't think it is as powerful as my old Kitchen Aide .
 Amazon had the best price on this product and the delivery was very fast . Enjoyed giving the product as a Christmas gift and the recipent was thrilled .
 My wife loves it so far , seems to be a great mixer . Has the steel plate instead of the plastic one .
 About 35 years ago I was given a Kitchenaid Mixer since my old mixer broke after a years of work . It still works and I decided i wanted to Go to a professional mixer . I gave my daughter the old one since she loves to bake things and of course her bread . I was so happy to have this one since we just remodeled our kitchen and I couse a color that would brighten up a far corner space and I use it every day . It gives me time to put things together and clean up while I work.It has already payed for itself in the wounderful breads cakes and cookies . I will keep this forever .
 This was a dream come true . I have always wanted to own a KitchenAid Mixer . To own this model was beyond what I ever thought I would have . I am just delighted amazon.com made it possible . I ordered the licorice and my friend ordered the meringue . We liked each others so much that we traded . I just love this mixer . It is just beautiful . I have used it a couple of times and am very happy with the performance . It will take some time to get used to the bowl lift , but I am sure after a few more times of using it , it wo n't be a problem . Going through my cookbooks now and getting those creative thoughts working ! I ca n't wait to use is again!LOVE IT ! LOVE IT !
 My husband and I had been trying to decide on a mixer for over a year . I always wanted the Professional series from Kitchenaid but it was pricy . I got a really great deal on Amazon , and am really happy with the mixer . We 've made pizza crust , bread and breadsticks & it works like a dream . It 's still new , so I ca n't really comment about quality though .
 After 25 years our entry level Kitchen Aid gave up the ghost having provided years of homemade bread , pizza dough and cookies for a family of 5 . Everyone was home for Christmas , and they fought over who could use the new 6Qt pro model . A huge hit . No one had the least trouble switching from the tip back to the crank design . This had the best price and almost instant shipping . I could n't be happier .
 My wife had a KitchenAid mixer many years ago and had sold it to buy a Bosch mixer machine for making bread . She later regretted selling the KitchenAid and asked for one for Christmas this year . I started researching and found this Pro 600 for a great price on Amazon . I bought it . She was elated . She has mixed several things with it including a special icing for Gingerbread houses that had to mix for 20 minutes . Everything worked great . In addition , the price dropped $ 20 the day after I purchased the mixer . I emailed Amazon Customer Service and they credited my bank account $ 20 within 24 hours . I am impressed .
 KitchenAid has a reputation of marketing the finest products available . We have purchased the KitchenAid Pro 600 , 6-Quart Stand Mixer and are very happy with quality and the performance of this mixer . Buying from Amazon direct was a charm . and I could not believe how fast it was delivered , with free shipping . Excellent Experience !
 This is a wonderful mixer - I have wanted one for years , and have a KitchenAid from the ' 60 's which still works great . The other reviewers who described the noise as annoying are quite correct however . It is a high pitched whine ... still worth it when you think about the powerful motor and workhorse capabilities . If you are only looking for a mixer for small batches of cookiest etc , you could most likely be as happy with a smaller model . This is quite large , so if you do not need the capacity I would recommend the 5 quart rather than this .
 I ca n't say enough about this mixer . It 's my second kitchenaid , only b/c I make lots of homemade bread and I was starting to kill the motor on my old one , it was only a 250 watt motor , not made to endure 11 cups of flour . I love the professional , especially b/c of the bowl lift , the tilt head on my old one always hit the bottoms of my cabinets but this works and looks great in my kitchen .
 I got my mixer not quite a year ago and I absolutely love it ! I have wanted a Kitchenaid forever and got a great deal on this at Williams-Sonoma . I subscribe to Cooks Illustrated magazine and most of their recipes promote the use of a stand mixer . Since buying this I have created things I never thought possible ! I am looking forward to getting the ice cream attachment for my birthday this year .
 I love my new mixer , I have been wanting one for a long time but just never would get one . Now I realize what I have been missing out on not having it in my kitchen .
 This is KitchenAid is the best I 've ever used . I made 20 dozen cookies and it did n't over heat , that was a first for me .
 The style and function of this mixer is outstanding . It is heavy so it needs to be conveniently located on thee counter . But it is stylish enough , it is part of my kitchen decor . I am very pleased .
 I purchased this KitchenAid Pro 600 Series 6 Mixer for my husband who is the cook in the house and he loves it . We are now making our own bread without all the preservatives in regular bread . And he is experimenting with other foods just to test the mixer out . It does dough great . I am going to buy the slicer/shredder attachments for him soon . I am glad Amazon had this on special on that day , or I would have never purchased it . Thanks Amazon.com Joann
 Have owned and used three -LRB- 3 -RRB- different KitchenAid mixers over the years . The first saw a lot of heavy use for nearly 20 years . Only serious complaint was that the shaft on the grater attachment had been incorrectly machined such that it could not be locked in place . Fortunately , a friend with a lathe was able to re-turn the locking slot for us . Some plastic attachment parts developed cracks over time , but overall , a workhorse which we sold when returning from overseas . Bought a smaller tilt-head homemaker model when we got back stateside . It worked well , but we did n't like the tilt-head after being used to a bowl-lift model . Moved again . Sold again and bought the KP26M1PGC Professional 600 Series 6-quart Cinnamon Gloss Stand Mixer . Good looking . Great power . Would like to see a little more travel in the bowl-height adjusting mechanism , but so far , so good .
 I debated getting the professional series or the smaller 5 quart mixer . I 'm glad I choose the larger version . The side pins keep the bowl locked into place allowing the blades to scrape the sides of the bowl without moving . I have use the mixer for a variety of task with the outcomes spectacular . Recently make sour cream mashed potatoes , everyone said they were the best ever !
 I rate this purchase at five stars . Shipping was fast enough . This mixer is the last mixer I will buy . It is the workhorse of the kitchen . It has the power to do things that would be impossible with my former mixers , mixing the stiffest cookie dough , kneading bread dough , etc. . I purchased several of the attachments for it , vegetable slicer/shredder , food grinder , and vegetable juicer and strainer . Slicing a batch of potatoes , or shredding cabbage is fast and easy . The same for a batch of turnips . My old Saladmaster is now obsolete . I have n't yet tried the other attachments , but am looking forward to grinding some venison into burger . Excellent product .
 This mixer is great for large batches of cookies . It works great and does n't take up more counter space than the 5 quart size .
 I have been using the smaller 5 Qt mixer for the past 5 years , but decided I needed something larger for large batches of cookies . This mixer does that job very well . The major problem I have found is that you still need another smaller mixer for things such as a single cake . Making 6-8 cakes is fine , but making one cake becomes a problem - the bowl is too large and the blades do n't do a good job . So I need to keep my other KitchenAid mixer for small batches , or a single cake . The other minor problem I have found is that I do n't like the way the bowl raises and lowers to engage the mixing blades . Overall I think this is a great mixer , but do n't think this will be the only mixer you 'll need , unless you do n't make small batches of dough .
 Got this mixer around the end of November 2011 have used it several times and it works perfectly , also got the meat grinder attachment and it also works great .
 I could n't be happier with my new KA 600 Series mixer !! I am a cake Decorator / baker , and it is so great to be able to make a double batch of my butter cream - which is actually already a double batch , so I guess I can make a quadruple batch ! My Butter cream is what made my old `` sunbeam '' mixer go Kaput and it only made single batches . You can see why I 'm so happy about the size of the bowl , it 's cutting out a lot of extra work on my part!Also can make a quadruple batch of cake too ! I 've made 96 cupcakes from one bowl of batter before!I have yet to try it in making / mixing fondant , if it does that I 'll kiss it !! :-RRB- I 'm sure that it will do it just fine though because on the specs it says that it will mix up 8 loaves of bread at once and 13 dozen cookies !! My absolute favorite feature is just how large the bowl is . It is 1.5 Gallons and 575 Watts of power ! At first I wish that it was a tilt head , instead of the bowl lift design - but that is just because it is what I 'm used to . Now I like it!The attachments are so easy to get on and off , I love that ! -LRB- my old `` Sunbeam '' was SO hard to push the button on and get the beaters out , it actually hurt my thumb to press the button ! -RRB- Amazon had the BEST price I 've ever seen on this mixer ! It 's a $ 500 mixer and I got it for $ 299 ! I love that it came with 3 attachments and that there are so many speeds ! I quickly bought the pouring shield mainly because I am always using powdered sugar and it would go everywhere ! -LRB- the pouring shield looks and feels very breakable though , I 'm glad I found it on Amazon for a great price because I 'm sure I may need to get another one someday ! -RRB- All in all , I am so happy to have found a large enough and powerful enough mixer to do all the baking and frosting that I do ! I really needed it , now `` Cake Adoration '' can thrive!Thank you Amazon for the amazing deal on a really great Mixer !! I 'm one super happy cake decorator !
 This machine does everything from mixing cake bater to mixing meat and spices for sausage , and also makes bread dough without sweating over a board . I love it !!
 I 've been holding out for a KitchenAid Mixer for over a year . I finally pulled the trigger and could n't have been happier . This mixer is awesome and I 'm sure I 'll have it for years to come !
 Came the next day after ordering and we LOVE it ! Motor purrs like a kitten , everything works perfectly , no problems ! Needs to be kept center stage in the kitchen where it 's convenient to use all the time . We 'll start buying attachments now !
 I ca n't believe Kitchen AId puts out a mixer with beaters that ca n't be washed in the dishwasher ! The sticker in the box says the wire whip ca n't be washed in the dishwasher , but the big , used all the time , beater was rough and discolored after one trip in the dishwasher when I washed it before using it . I hope they issue a replacement . But I do wish I had had this much power years ago , it mixes up big batches of cookies or bread dough so much faster than the Artisan I 've had for 15 years and probably hastened it 's demise by making big batches . It was still usable , but making ominous noises . If you only make small batches of dough , or mashed potatoes you may not need this larger size but I love it . The hand washed beaters are the only thing keeping me from a 5 star review ,
 I received this as a birthday present - what a wonderful gift!The color is fabulous - not a bright red as I was fearful , it blends well with my kitchen.The only thing I was upset about is that the guard for the bowl was not included - since a guard was included on the previous version I receieved 10 years ago , I expected it .
 This is the best mixer on market today . I believe that any model of KitchenAid mixer has been the best for many years . I own one for over 30 years now , it works just as well as it did 30 years ago . I do purchase KitchenAid mixer as a gift a lot , I think it 's the best gift you can give .
 Mixer was purchased for use in a bakery to mix icings , etc. . This KitchenAid mixer makes # 3 of the countertop variety . It is a strong and capable mixer for most types of mixing . Much better than other brands . Amazon had the better price also .
 This mixer is taking some getting used to because I 've been using the tilt head for awhile . I got it because I needed more capacity . It is NOISY ! But , it works beautifully and I love it ! I did have to make minor adjustments out of the box to get it where it needed to be to work perfectly but it 's an excellent addition to my blossoming baking business ! I gave it four starts because it makes a LOT of noise . Otherwise , it 's perfect !
 We have had this mixer for about a year . It has not seen a lot of action during that time since we have been in a major home renovation . When we have used it , it has performed as expected . However , I would caution against using this mixer for making bread . A friend has the same model and broke the gear housing due to thermal overload . Overall we are pleased with the mixer , but it only gets 4 stars since kneading bread can kill it .
 I love to bake ! when I 'm happy , I bake , when I 'm stressed , I bake , when I 'm sad , I bake ... You get the idea , so I wanted a heavy duty almost industrial type but nice kind of mixer . This is wonderful ! It is super fast in everything I do . I do several loaves of bread at a time , and 3 batches of cookies without a problem . I feel like I CAN DO ANYTHING !! : - DI have owned it for 3 years now and it is in great shape , it is worth the money .
 I just upgraded from a 4 1/2 qrt Classic to this . I love it ! I love the room to do double and triple batches . I was pleasantly surprised to find that it does n't weight a ton , making it easy to put away in my small kitchen !
 Maybe I 'm just a creature of old habits but I do n't feel like this mixes as well as my old hand-held mixer , which I still have . I even bought the smaller 3-qt bowl/attachment to see if it would mix better for my smaller mixes but I still do n't feel like it gets as thoroughly mixed . I will say that it does mix more QUICKLY , but who needs faster if it 's not better ? I have to stop the mixer frequently so that I can swipe down the sides with my spatula but this just slows me down.I 'm still happy with my purchase . . it just was n't as amazing and life-changing as I thought owning my very first stand mixer will be . Maybe I 'll update my review after using it for a few months and figure out my little mixer a bit better .
 What can I say more . I bought mine in pear metallic it matches anything . I have a heavy handed daughter that I am trying to teach how to cook . I wanted something she could n't break . I am quite amazed at how much better the food quality is with this machine as opposed to our previous light weight mixers from lesser brands . This is my First kitchen aid and it has made me a believer .
 I love my new 600 Series mixer having smoked 2 of the Kitchenaid `` heavy duty '' models in the past . I was regretting giving away the harvest gold , one that needed some work until this one arrived ! The first `` heavy duty '' mixer got overused grinding meat , the second died of an overdose of Christmas cookie dough.I mixed up a small batch of pizza dough the other night and the spiral dough hook is a drastically better design , much less bowl scraping and the dough came together in no time . Having read the reviews I was still unprepared for how loud the machine is , but it works like a charm ! I love the bigger bowl , and the absence of the spring on the beater holder , no more pinched fingers and struggling to get wayward food out of the spring .
 I had a 5-qt 450 watt model for years , and gave it to my daughter . I bought this model to replace it and am very happy with the mixer . The spiral dough hook is much better than the C-hook , especially for heavier breads . The powerful motor and larger bowl are worth the money . I like the flip cap on the attachment port ; no more lost cover !
 This is a great product , I bought it for my wife as our 1st anniversary gift . We did n't have any wedding gifts , as bad weather stopped a lot of guests flying in.I have been tracking and looking at prices for the Kitchen Aid mixers for a long time . It seemed that for around $ 300 you could get an Artisan mixer , and well this Pro was $ 345 plus tax ... not only that but currently a $ 40 rebate , made it a worthy buy.I 'm sure the classic , or artisan would do ... and prob . more than we need , but I figured more power -LRB- a guy thing -RRB- a bigger bowl ... little more rugged , should last a long time.I 'm really pleased with the purchase . The product is well made and construction is excellent . It 's really nice to see an America designed , made product that 's considered the best in the market.Buy American , be proud and make some fine cookies !
 The Kitchenaid 600 series mixer was a great value on sale -LRB- in exchange for accepting the licorice color -RRB- but the promised rebate -LRB- which would have made it an even better value -RRB- never materialized .
 This machine is finally almost like the one my Grand Mother had . Quality , and powerful . It 's much noisier though , the pitch of the higher power input is a little on the annoying side , which is why I took one star away . It has no problem kneeding a double loaf bread batch -LRB- 6 cups of high gluten flour -RRB- for 10 minutes , it just keeps going strong , so smell or sign of the motor even getting a workout -LRB- no heat on the case at all -RRB- . Whips cream and egg whites so fast you better not turn your back . Overall , very pleased with this machine . It replaced another KitchenAid I bought from a refurbished Kitchen store , that lasted about 7 years . I expect to get at least 10 out of this one .
 I have only had this mixer for a few weeks but so far it is everything I expected . My wife and I have waited for a while to make this purchase because these mixers are fairly expensive for our budget . We are glad we finally purchased this mixer because it saves lots of time and energy . We have used it to make cakes , cookies , bread , mashed potatoes , and other items . One feature that I wish this mixer did have is the ablity to lift up the top of the mixer -LRB- like an arm -RRB- as opposed to lowering the bowl -LRB- some newer mixers have this feature -RRB- . It is not difficult to lower the bowl , however . All in all , great product -LRB- at least in the limited time we have had it -RRB- .
 The `` Meringue '' color is actually a nice white , you ca n't tell the difference between it and the -LRB- more expensive -RRB- `` white '' color . You have to make sure you snap the bowl down in back so it does n't rattle around while you are mixing stuff .
 I 've had the Professional 600 for about a week now , and have made a double batch of cinnamon rolls -LRB- ~ 20 rolls -RRB- , a double batch of whole-wheat bread -LRB- 2 loaves -RRB- , and a batch of blueberry sorbet -LRB- using the ice-cream making attachment -RRB- . I think I 'm in love . :--RRB- Everything has turned out _ great _ , unlike the last time I tried to make whole-wheat bread by hand and ended up with something that could be used as a building material . The rolls were chewy and rich , the bread was fluffy and light -LRB- quite a trick for whole-wheat bread in my experience -RRB- and the sorbet was airy and delicious , even though we cheated and did n't chill the ingredients completely or freeze it afterwards as the instructions call for , since we were making it at 10:00 pm and wanted to try it right away . This is the first fairly heavy-duty counter-top appliance I 've purchased in quite some time , and I 'm very happy with it . I almost bought the smaller `` Artisan '' model , but after reading a review that seemed to indicate it was under-powered and lightly-built , I decided to go nuts and buy the 600 . My initial impression on taking it out of the box was , `` Wow - this thing is heavy and built like a tank . '' Using it has not changed that impression so far . It 's easy to set up and attach accessories to , and installing and removing the bowl is -LRB- literally -RRB- a snap . It has a smooth , flowing exterior design with no unnecessary protrusions , making it very easy to clean . Based on my experience so far , I 'd recommend it without reservation . Now , get in the kitchen and make some home-made bread and other goodies !
 This mixer has got to be the best . We have owned one for several years now and it is great to use for everything you do in the kitchen . You can even use it on the counter under the overhead cabinets as the bowl itself raises and lowers , rather than the top tilting upward . We love and use it on a regular basis so much , we purchased this one as a gift for our daughter . We purchased this one at a much lower price on Amazon.com than we paid for ours . What a deal !!
 i purchased the kitchen aid mixer in memory of my mother , who was a fabulous cook and baker . it was given to my church , which has 2 wed. nite suppers per month . the kitchen workers love it !
 I like my 600 enough that I got one for my mother . It was a Christmas present , it arrived very quickly , drop shipped from manufacturer . But , it had to go back because of chipped finish , where the bowl was rubbing during transit . Return was effortless , and replacement was just right .
 I ca n't believe the price I got for this mixer ... I could 've even avoided shipping costs if I had n't waited 'til too close to Christmas.This is a fantastic machine . One caution ... The bowl lift models are much taller than the other style . Our kitchen cabinets are mounted about 1/4 '' too low for this to fit under our cabinets . That 's disappointing . I wish I would 've thought to check the height , though I think I might have still chosen this model . The color Meringue is a very nice color . Virtually white , but with almost a pearlized matte finish .
 I bought this model because it had more power than entry level models . It is well-built and works great . I purchased the grinder attachment , and was able to dispatch about 8 pounds of sirloin tip for chili , and the machine never broke a sweat . If there is a downside to this model , it would probably be that the bowl lifts rather than tilts - as it does in the entry models . As a result , the bowl either needs to be filled before the mixing attachment is inserted , or the bowl needs to be filled from the outside after the mixing attachment is connected . Either way , it is probably more messy than just tilting the mixer head .
 KitchenAid KP26M1XMR Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , MeringueThis mixer is unbelievable . It does everything a mixer can do , and the cost I got if for through Amazon.com was incredible . I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great , heavy duty , mixer .
 Aside from KitchenAid being a superb product , the shopping experience provided by Amazon.com was customer friendly ! We received our product in excellent shape and it was delivered promptly .
 I have wanted this mixer all of my adult cooking life.I got a smoking deal on it ; and it is everything you can imagine in mixer of this size and perceived qaulity.My only regret is not having one of theses 10 years ago .
 I BOUGHT MY SON AND WIFE ONE FOR CHRISTMAS HE USE IT THE DAY HE GOT HIS LOVE IT SO I GOT ONE AND HAVE USE IT ALMOST EVREY DAY MY SON WIFE BAND HIM FROM USING HIS TO JUST WEEKEND SHE SAID THEY ARE GAINING WEIGHT
 I bought this for my sister as a wedding gift and she LOVES it !! She does a lot of baking and cooking and it has most definitely come in handy for her . My mom has also got one which she has had for over twenty years now and it still works perfectly . Lasts a lifetime !
 KitchenAid KP26M1XER Standup 6-Quart Mixer Professional 600 , Empire RedI am a Cake Decorator . I average 3 cakes per week . I am TOTALLY satisfied with the performance of this stand mixer . Friends of mine told me about owning theirs for 25 years and still loving it ... I certainly see why . Other stand mixers just could n't hold out to do the heavy butter cream icings in large quanities . The 600 Professional does n't even strain at it . I love the whisk , paddle and dough hook attachments that come with it . I am purchasing others as well . My KitchenAid is Red ... I LOVE IT !
 What a Great Mixer . Does n't bogg down . Made Chocolate Jumble dough 2 recipes at one time and mixer did n't work hard at all too mix it . I would recommend this mixer 5 stars and more ... . Cleans up easy . You will not be disapointed with this mixer ... . Great purchase for the price .
 This machine is sleek and looks fabulous in our kitchen -LRB- in Licorice -RRB- . It 's easy to use , easy to clean and makes baking so much fun . I used it a lot over the holidays to make cookies , biscotti , bread and the best frosting I 've ever made . The frosting was so light and fluffy and piped easily onto my cupcakes - I felt like a pro . The mixer is ideal for larger batches . For a single batch of cookie I had to scrape the bowl a lot because the Professional mixer 's bowl is so large -LRB- I think I will invest in a smaller bowl now -RRB- . All-in-all I 'm very happy with my stand mixer and ca n't wait to buy some attachments for it !
 This is my first stand mixer . I have seen them in use and always wanted to get one . Item was one sale and my wife needed to get me a christmas present . Makes any mixing fast and easy . Should have gotten one 10 years ago . Easy cleanup . Would purchase product again . Item make some noise but not sure if it is a problem . Product works great .
 I LOVE THIS !! The only downfall to this product I wish you could adjust the bowl a little higher.I highly reccommend this product . I use it 4 days per week for our big family . So far so good .
 There is no need to add remarks about quality of this product that handles mixing of different types of dough like a charm . Really professional design . Buy it whenever you feel the price is right for the product color you like . I like my nickel pearl .
 I purchased this specifically to make my New Year 's tamales . I use it to mix the masa -LRB- dough -RRB- . Now I do n't have to mix the masa by hand like I used to . My wonderful baby does it for me . It can mix up to 5lbs of masa at a time . For cooks who prepare large batches of food , this is your mixer ! The more powerful motor makes a big difference ! What a great value for this mixer . I made 200 tamales without breaking my back .
 This mixer is absolutely the best mixer that I ever owned . It works magnificently ! I have made cookies , cakes and even dough with ease . The bowl with handle is a great feature and clean up is a whiz . I would recommend this to everyone !
 The mixer is perfect for big jobs , if big jobs are all you do . If one does not have the counter space for storage , trust me , you will not lug out this big , heavy , machine for anything other than the largest jobs . Akin to a commercial mixer , the motor head does not pivot out of the bowl . As a result , the beater must be dropped into the mix to allow for removal of the bowl . I found that awkward . All that being said , it will certainly impress others , and makes for a great conversation piece .
 This mixer is very impressive , it has handled all we have thrown at it with ease and power to spare . The licorice finish is more a matte black and is beautiful and easy to clean . The 6qt mixing bowl is massive in comparison to other KitchenAide offerings and comes in quite handy when cooking for a large extended family or guests . The only possible downside of this mixer is its noise , it does get a bit loud , but if you 're buying this mixer you should expect some noise .
 Purchased this for my wife for Christmas . We have n't actually had a chance to use it yet , but it came on time and was boxed within another box , which was nice . The Kitchenaid box was in great condition and I had no worries about anything being damaged.The mixed is tall though ! It does n't quite fit on our countertop because of the upper cabinet trim being in the way . You might want to check the height before purchasing . I 'm sure that we 'll find a way to make it work though , it 's an impressive machine.I was a little concerned with getting the `` Meringue '' color because I could n't find much information on it . It was however quite a bit less expensive than the `` White '' that I 'd wanted to buy . It is a nice slightly off white color that goes very well in our kitchen with white cabinets -LRB- IKEA Stat -RRB- .
 i like this kitchenaid mixer it heip me a lot bake wery quick and is easy to wash . i will recomend this to friend , every woman should hawe it at kitchen
 My husband bought this mixer for me for xmas this year . It was more than what i had expected . I already have a Classic model that i have owned for 10 yrs , but i have really dreamed about owning a `` lift '' model . Wow , was i surprised when i got it as a gift ! I have been using it every weekend since i got it . I love the splash shield , the lower mixing speeds and the hi speed whips . Highly recommend this model to anyone that does alot of baking - even my teenage son likes it more . My Classic is now in our Pole Bldg kitchen for summer baking needs -LRB- i 'm not getting rid of this one either -RRB- KitchenAid by far is a superior product .
 This mixer is truly professional quality . I have made yeast and sweet breads in it so far and they have come out unbelieveable . Thanks for the sale . Needed the sale in these hard economic times . What a Christmas present !!!!!!!! Marnie Braun
 Kitchen Aid really is among the best in home appliances ; durable , dependable , reliable and efficient .
 The mixer is great and Amazon sold me mine for half of what the regular department stores sell theirs for . I could n't even get a lower model -LRB- ex . artisan , pro 500 , etc. . -RRB- for what I paid for the brand new PRO 600 .
 Pro - The KitchenAid Pro 600 is a powerhouse . First thing I done with it was made a 5 loaf batch of bread . The machine did n't even blink under the load . Everything about this appliance screams quality and sturdy construction . I expect it to last a long time.Con - It is large and it takes up some space .
 This would have to be rated a 5 + for this is the MIXER of MIXERS ! HUGE thank yous go to my brother-in-law for a terrific gift ! Got it on Amazon , of course , at an awesome price . This mixer has everything to offer plus the availability of a plethora of attachments . EASY to change beaters , has a lift handle for the bowl , and bowl secures in place and removes with ease . Ca n't wait to make a loaf of bread...yum-m-m-m-m !
 All the power I need . Reliable . Handles large batches , but not as convenient for small or single batch recipes . The 5 quart works better for them .
 This thing is strong ! I have the feeling it could act as a winch if I rigged it right . It looks beautiful at well . Only wish is that the head would tilt back like the artisan series but that 's the price you pay for amazing torque ! Tim Allen would feel no need to mess with this mixer .
 bought this stand mixer after christmas and on sale from Amazon , perfect color and perfect machine . i just love it . i got it on time , no hassel at all . keep it up Amazon
 I ca n't keep my husband out of the kitchen since he received his Kitchen Aid Stand Mixer . We both love it . It makes baking such a breeze . We are very glad we purchased the 600 series with the six quart bowl . It was everything we expected and more . The clean-up is also very easy . This was our first purchase through Amazon and we were just as happy about our experience with Amazon as we were with our mixer .
 When it comes to convenience and efficiency , this workhorse is off the charts ! One of the best purchases we 've made in awhile . Extremely satisfied !
 I wish I buy this long time ago . It is really a big helper in the kitchen . Every homemaker should have one .
 The kitchen aid is incredible . I abosolutey love the size and the recipies that came with it . I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys baking . The price was wonderful as well with the rebates .
 Ordered this as a Christmas present for my fiance ... -LRB- yes , she actually does like gifts with power cords ! -RRB- She could n't be happier with this ! Does every task with hands free capabilities , and is a dream to set up , use , AND clean up ! She is now convinced this is a necessary piece of kitchen equipment !! 5 + + + + stars !
 This is my first KitchenAid mixer . I love , love , love it ! I 've made several kinds of bread and I 've lost count of the cookies . Only disadvantage is that we 're eating way to many goodies ! Ok we can curb that , maybe ! I 'm looking forward to trying different recipes and getting some attachments . All that aside I 'm very pleased with the power and capacity of the 6 quart , my thought was this is going to be with me for years to come I might as well get one that will handle anything I want to do . I also got the Pearl Metallic . I thought it might be to shiny , but it 's a beautiful gray color .
 My wife absolutely loved this KitchenAid KP26M1XCV Professional 600 Series 6-Quart mixer . We have only used it three times and each time it saves her cooking time my let the mixer do it 's thing while she works on cooking and preparing other items . What really surprised me was that we received our $ 50 rebate check only 17 days after submitting the paperwork . It usually takes 8 weeks with other rebates we have submitted .
 This is a great mixer . It blends , mixes , kneads , stirs and whips anything edible that fits in the bowl .
 I ordered this for Christmas for my daughter who is a great baker . The mixer came in super fast time and was a great color . She has now used it and love , love , loves it . States it holds so much more batter than her old Kitchen Aid and has super power , I would certainly recommend this site and item for anyone interested in a powerhouse mixer . Price was the best I had seen and I had checked a lot of places . I am a big fan of Amazon .
 I did lots of research on stand mixers before I chose one . I picked the 6 qt . for a lot of reasons
 Excuse the lame title but yes , this mixer is amazing . I love it . The matte meringue finish is beautiful . It is basically a matte white-but not a glossy bright white , instead a sleek modern color . I love it . I thought about getting the stainless steel color but I figure that stainless steel is a trend . I want my kitchenaid to be on my countertop for years to come and the classic white -LRB- meringue -RRB- is never going out of style . If you are thinking about this mixer , buy it !!!! It was a long awaited christmas gift for me . I am soooooo happy with it . I consider myself an experienced baker and home cook and this has just made my life so much easier .
 I have only used it to bake cakes so far . I appreciate the size of the bowl and being able to add all of my ingredients before mixing . I am pleased with my kitchenaid mixer .
 I had been using a Sunbeam stand mixer that we got for a wedding gift in 1964 until it finally gave up in 2000 . After that I used hand mixers until I could afford to buy the KitchenAid 600 . The pre-Christmas rebate sealed the deal.I had used my daughter 's smaller KitchenAid a couple of times , so I knew what I wanted . I am not the least bit disappointed . This mixer will do whatever you ask it to do . The powerful motor will stir up the heaviest dough with no effort . -LRB- It does n't , however , seem to know the difference between dough and rubber spatulas , which it will devour equally with ease . -RRB- Since I retired from truck driving , I now have the time to bake and cook and I 'm like a child with a new toy . The KitchenAid 600 series makes playing in the kitchen a lot more fun !
 The Kitchen aid is a terrific investment if you 're serious about baking often . It makes even the more complicated recipes so much easier to manage and the cleanup is minimal . This item is well worth the price , the quality is impeccable . I 'm looking forward to purchasing other attachments to have the ability to do more with this mixer .
 I have been waiting to own this product for over 4 years and finally gave in to purchasing it . I have used it and wonder now how I have lived without it for so long . Heavy duty and just as wonderful as I was told they were . This is an absolute must have !!
 I have been lusting after this kind of mixer for years , and my husband finally got me one . I LOVE it . It 's an amazing mixer , and it does everything you could ever need it to do.I like to make my own whipped cream , but doing so by hand is so tiresome , and our hand held mixers just ... did n't cut it . The KitchenAid Pro 600 had no problems with it . A + +
 Very heavy -LRB- feels like it is cast-iron -RRB- and professional feeling , almost like the old Hobart branded ones . Does take a little adjusting to make sure the beaters are at the right level . The Soft-Start actually managed to not allow me to send batter flying all over the ceiling . I 've used it mainly for batters and such , not for doughs .
 I have owned several kitchenaid mixers , my first was a KSM90 which my daughter now has and still uses , I wore out 3 5qt . heavy-duty mixers before warranty ended and they were replaced by KitchenAid but after the 3rd they replaced with the then new 6qt . Professional -LRB- refurbished -RRB- . I was not happy with the performance of the `` C '' shaped dough hook and was looking to replace with the new `` Powerknead '' spiral dough hook when the opportunity to buy the new `` Professional 6 '' with more power became available to purchase with the new dough hook and I am very-very happy that I did . I bake 5 loaves of bread weekly on average and during the summer season I am busy canning so the mixer attachments are used extensivly so my mixer gets heavy use . I would be lost without it ! My daughter is getting my older refurbished Professional 6 and was she excited !
 This is my first Kitchen Aide . I only used it one time . So far I am quite satisfied with the easy of starting to use a brand new , fairly intimidating looking kitchen gadget . I had to adjust the height of the bowl a few times and it got better with adjustment . There is still a thin layer of the mix on the bottom of the bowl that does not get mixed into the rest . As I was taking it out with the spatula still had to give it some mixing with the spatula . Hopefully this will get fixed by trying to adjust the height again when I use it next time . I baked two Tortuga Rum Cakes from scratch , one for a party and one for myself for home , they came out perfect and I got lots of compliments and thanks.The motor has excellent power , the mixer and attachments are easy to clean and look good . I got the meringue color which basically looks like a matte white and it goes with everything . I hope I can get the attachments soon so I can have a more versatile use for it . Looking forward to use it a lot .
 Love my KitchenAid Mixer . I got the pasta press and cutter and they work great . Ca n't wait to use the ice cream maker .
 Great machine ... . but if you think you want to make anything whole wheat ... be warned , that is hard for almost any machine . My kiddo and I love to use it when baking . The pasta attachments are fun , too .
 I got this mainly to avoid kneading bread dough , which I make from scratch . It 's wonderful !!! I 've also mixed large batches of mashed potatoes in it , which is a snap . I 'm looking forward to getting the grain mill attachment in the future too .
 So far , so good.During the holidays , I used this thing for about 2 weeks straight without a hitch . It 's a lot of fun getting used to it , and the different settings.I 've made 3 trifles , batches of cookies and ca n't wait to do more.I 'm an aspiring baker , so this mixer will be with me for a while :-RRB- Once I get to use it a little more and break it in , I 'll update this review !
 I have always liked Kitchen Aid products . This pro 600 mixer is awesomeKitchenAid KP26M1XNP Professional 600 Series 6-Quart Stand Mixer , Nickel Pearl
 I hesitated to put a lot of money into a mixer , but I am so glad I did . I love the way it mixes the bread dough and the bread is wonderful . I have made two batches so far and they both taste great . I used the recipe from the book that was supplied with the mixer . The mixer is very easy to handle and the bowl is big enough to mix just about anything . I would recommend this mixer to a friend .
 everyone told me to go ahead and get the kind where the bowl lifts up and down , but i find it difficult to get the paddle off and the bowl out without killing my whipped egg whites , or making a messI think i prefer the kind where the top flips backJustin Lunin-Pack
 Well it has been not quite a week and in that short time I used the Pro 600 to make dough 5 times ! the first use was the standard white bread recipe from the manual and in 4 minutes of kneading the dough was smooth and elastic . Since then I 've made baguettes , double batch of pizza dough , and bagels twice . The second batch of bagels was about 7 cups of bread flour / 3 cups of water / 1/2 cup of preferment or about 4 1/2 lbs -LRB- 2 kilos -RRB- of finished dough , enough for 2 dozen large bagels and the Pro 600 handled it with ease . I have found that 4 or 5 minutes at speed 2 with the spiral dough hook is about equal to 15 minutes of kneading by hand -LRB- and at 6 ' 4 '' and 280 lbs when I knead I bring the pain ! -RRB- . My Pro 600 is Nickel Pearl which is not a stainless silver but more of a silver-white hot hod looking color . Hope the rebate is as quick and painless as Amazon 's shipping .
 i love my kitchenaid stand mixer could not find it cheaper any where else got for 279 reg . 400 works great
 I just got a new Kitchenaid Pro 600 6 quart and I love it ! I found that if I just read the manual and followed their suggestions , I did n't have the problems that other users seemed to have . Some people complained about the amount of whole wheat flour they could put in but I found that if I followed what the manual suggested , I did n't have any problems -LRB- 14 cups all-purpose flour max or 8 cups whole wheat max -RRB- . I did have to adjust the beater to bowl clearance to get the results I wanted , but that took all of 30 seconds to adjust . 4 minutes to the perfect bread dough , 30 seconds to mix waffle/pancake mix , 2 minutes to perfect cookie dough , 1 minute to an excellent whipped egg - I ca n't believe how quickly everything mixes up ! I love how versatile this machine is and I would recommend it to anyone !!!! So if all else fails , read the instructions and you will love this machine too !
 I love the Cinnamon Color - looks great in my Kitchen.Even Better , it is a POWER HORSE . It is able to knead my fresh ground Whole wheat bread batter without overheating the motor . I have a very old KitchenAid -LRB- well over 30 years old -RRB- that is still working , but could not handle the load . It is currently in retirement and will be a nice Hand-me-down for my daughter when she is ready to start her own home.The only complaint that I have is that it does make more noise than the old one , but I expected that . It has a much stronger 575 watt motor over 250 watts . A very nice upgrade .
 Was a little weary about this purchase after reading other reviews . I got a good deal on this Cyber Monday , and decided I 'd take a chance . Glad I did.On average I use this about 2x a week since I received it -LRB- Let 's say December 1 -RRB- . I know it 's only been 2 1/2 months , but it 's going strong . If I have any issues , I 'll be sure to update my review.In the past few months I 've made cookies , breads , crackers , and cakes . Some very thick doughs , others not so much . I use whole wheat flour when I can , which creates a denser dough . This mixer does the job , and handles these with no problems .
 The product arrived quickly and in good shape . It was beautiful and red . Unfortunately , it was too large to fit in the space I had for it , so I had to return it and exchange for a smaller one . This was quick and easy too and Amazon paid for the shipping both ways . Good job , Amazon . L. S.
 If you are in the kitchen alot , this mixer is a must . I have had a 4.5 qt . Artisan for 11 years and love it , but the large 6 qt capacity bowl made double batches of Christmas cookies a breeze . Nice to see that Kitchen Aid has not changed their quality . A must have !
 I picked up this machine about two weeks ago to replace the Classic Plus that my wife has had since ' 07 . The CP was a fine machine , I ran the heck out of it making a little of everything . Bread dough , pizza dough , pasta , cookies , brownies , butter , cakes , everything . I love that little thing , but I decided that I could use a little more power and capacity . So after eyeing it up for a long time I found a deal that I could n't pass up and I got my dream machine , a Professional 600 ! The first thing I noticed was the noise when I fired it up , I 've been reading reviews about it for a long time but was still suprised . After adjusting the bowl height I made breakfast for me and my wife , pancakes . You may hear about people saying that a Pro 600 is not very good with small batches . I have to disagree completely ! It may be a little overkill using this beast , but a properly adjusted 600 will mix just as well as a Classic ! The next thing I made was a batch of bread dough . There have been a lot of negative reviews about making bread dough with this mixer , but I can tell you , this is where this machine really shines ! The spiral dough hook works the dough awesome , and the machine has all the power in the world ! Over Christmas I made a double batch of dinner rolls using about 10-11 cups of flour , its rated for 14 , it had no problem at all ! The machine was just warm to the touch after I was done kneading , didnt struggle at all!It hasnt been around here for long , but it has been worked , and has shined ! Time will tell if it will be as durable as our Classic Plus , which is still working just fine at my mother in law 's house . The only downsides , and why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is the noise , which it actually seems to be quieting down the more I use it , and the burnished aluminum attachments . It would be awesome if KA made stainless steel attachments for their mixers ! If you can afford one , get one !
 Purchased this in 2009 when my wife started getting into her `` caking '' phase . We still use the stand mixer quiet often and have never had a problem with it . Attachments have been left in water and never rusted . Bowl cleans like a breeze even when chocolate cake sits on it for a period of time . 600 Series packs ALOT of power into the unit . The meringue color we purchased is also a great look , even though all major appliances in our kitchen are black . My personal favorite thing about it is that it is the bowl lift design . The stand mixer fits nicely under out cupboards . If we would have purchased one that you need to tilt up it would have required constant sliding it in and out . The bowl lift works great so that the Kitchen Aid can have it 's permanent parking spot on our counter . Would -LRB- and have -RRB- recommend this style to anyone .
 I love the way the mixer that I bought from Amazon -LRB- delivered sooner than anticipated -RRB- can make 3 batches of chocolate cookies and wo n't break a sweat . My friends , neighbor and grand kids love that I can make enough cookies now that they can have their fill . I did my homework investigating the mixer I felt was make for me and quite a few people told me to go for the KichenAid Professional series . Glad I did .
 Got this for an early Christmas present . It is fantastic . I do n't find it any louder than my less powerful stand mixer . I have n't made bread with it , but it handled a very firm cookie dough no problem . I 'm thrilled with my purchase .
 We had a 5 quart Artisan model , which while it did a great job with mixing things like batters and really soft items like whipping frostings and egg whites , I decided we needed to upgrade to the 6 quart Pro so we could make several large loaves of bread at one time instead of one loaf at a time.This model is a workhorse . With the spiral dough hook -LRB- instead of the Artisan series C hook -RRB- , there is no need to let your bread knead for more than 5 or 10 minutes , unless you want to overwork the dough . We have made several batches of whole wheat , oatmeal and white bread in the month we 've owned it , and we 've never let it work the dough more than 2 or 3 minutes after the last of the flour is added and all the bread has turned out wonderfully.My mother had a problem with the bowl seeming to pop out when she was mixing her first batch of whole wheat bread , but she simply did n't push the back of the bowl down into place until she heard the click . You have to make sure you hear that snap into place for the bowl to be secure . It takes more strength to do than you think it would , but you wo n't break it.I made a small batch of frosting last night for 2 dozen cinnamon rolls , and other than scraping down the sides of the bowl twice , the whisk was perfect and got all the items mixed up off the bottom of the bowl.Our motor has not overheated once and has n't shut itself off yet . All in all , this is a great product . I 'm glad I purchased it instead of the more expensive Viking model .
 This is my second Kitchenaid mixer . I have the Artisain 5 quart and now I have this one . I bake a lot of cookies and this mixer mixes up double batches with no problems at all . I bake a lot of bread , but hav not tried any yet . Very well pleased with it so far .
 i have used it 5 times in the past week . So far so good . I have made a 5 types of cake . The negative reviews did bother me when i was buying this item but i am glad i didnt pay attention to them .
 They get no nicer , finish looks like a Cadillac in the sun . Super smooth gears , quiet motor , attachments galore , and love the 11 qt bowl . Get ya one your gon na want that !
 I have always wanted one , so when i got the opportunity to get it I DID !!!!!!!! Much more powerful than my last one and can handle double batches well ...
 My wife is so happy that she can now do a full 5lb box of cake mix in one batch to make her wedding cakes for others .
 OMG ... this is the best mixer EVER ! Get the biggest one cause it makes everything easier to make ... and you do n't have to worry about putting to much in the bowl . I also got the ice cream maker attachment -LRB- love it also -RRB- . My one and only complaint is that it is an inch too tall for my counter , but that is not that big of a deal !
 I used it to make bread and it was awesome . My wife and I love it . Much better than the lower models .
 I purchased this for my Mother a few Christmases ago , still going strong and it 's awesome . Makes Cookies , bread , icing , you name it this thing will do it no problem . Only issue is picking out which color your loved one wants .
 I love it ! Once a week , on sunday mornings , I make double and triple recipes of cinnemon rolls and coffee cakes . This was very difficult with my old stand mixer . But now ... it 's almost a snap .
 Got it home at $ 291.00 for the Empire Red one . Its finished very nicely . Tried out the grinder and made home made sausage ... Turned out great and it was a lot easier than I thought it would be . We used the Ice Cream Maker last night -LRB- Used the whip attachment for the first time ... great ! -RRB- , took a little longer than we thought it would , but its really great also . If any problems arise I will report on it later ... . So far though , , , , , just great .
 Bought this as a Xmas present for Mom . She loves it . I think she must use it at least once a week . The 6 quart capacity is larger than the one she had before so she can make a full batch of things now .
 This is the best investment I 've ever made . Price was the best around . I use it daily . It allows me the freedom to get multiple things done at once . Perfect for all the batters I prepare . Cleans up easily . I ca n't imagine how I got along without it . I love it !
 After wanting a Kitchen - aid for many years I finally made the big plung and purchased one because of the price $ 288 , the rebate and the 6 months freefinancing . It is one of my favorite purchases . I recently started a home based baking business , not only can I double the recipes - what used to take about an 3/4 hour to make takes about 10 minutes . I love , love , love my Kitchen - aid . The only thing is that is loud and when you receive it you may think that it has been used because the cord is not wrapped .
 These knifes are excellent value . They are razor sharp when received and stay that way with a few strokes of a sharpner , after or before each use . The ony thing is these knifes are not drop forged , they are stamped steel , but are of excellent quility . One last thing do not put these knifes in the dishwasher it will damage the handles and the blades . Hand wash them only . I would recommend these knifes to anyone on a budget as a very good product for a very reasonable price .
 I have been looking for this pot for quite a bit , was I happy to find it on this web site!The price was right and the shipping was Super Fast !!! The crabs never tasted better !!!! Jim Duncan
 The Graniteware Clam and lobster steamer I ordered was to replace one that 's been in my family for about 55 years and I could n't be more pleased with it . It arrived in perfect condition when they said it would -LRB- how often does that happen ? -RRB- Anyway , we 've already used it twice and I 'm looking forward to enjoying this one for the next 55 years or so !
 I searched for this a long time . I really wanted the two-tier design . The lower tier with the spigot allows draining off the wonderful broth obtained when doing a clam or lobster feast . The pot is well mad , e with a solid porcelain finish . I heat it oover my turkey fryer burner , and that works very well .
 I received the steamer pot less than 48 hrs after I ordered it . It was in perfect condition . It was exactly as pictured and exactly what I wanted . The only complaint -LRB- if I had one -RRB- is that I could not get broth out using the faucet . I had to remove the top part to get the broth . The garlic and parsley I used kept jamming the faucet . I would highly recommend this pot to anyone . I love it . I received a ton of compliments on it also .
 this pot is great ! it is a classic ! if you like lobster or making shellfish , this pot is a must have . i used to borrow my mother 's , now i finally have my own . buy it and it should last a lifetime . my parents have had theirs for 30 + years ! it was a great deal on amazon as well !
 I grew up in Maine , Lobsters were a frequent addition to our meals since it is a local treat . My father has had his clam/lobster steaming pot for many decades , I wanted one just like it that would give me the same look and feel of that childhood experience and do a fantastic job on my own lobsters that I cook for family and friends . I found it ! While storage is hardly a small task this pot does the trick for small batches and has multiple uses as a steamer . I did not have any probelms with it coming dented . It was well packaged but appeared sturdy enough to withstand basic bumps . They do n't make them like they used too , but that seems the norm in our progressive days , still it is a fine piece and I recommend it so far .
 We added this steamer to replace an older , well used unit.It is very similar in looks and we choose it because it did not have all the `` Labeling '' on it . It was exactly what we expected it to look like with the exception of the spigot . The spigot on the new steamer is all `` Chrome '' , HANDLE and all ! It was difficult to turn when first used and you better be wearing gloves when you draw the Broth . The old unit had a non metallic handle so you would n't burn you hand.The spigot hight from the bottom seems a little higher , although I did n't measure it . All I know is that I had to add a little more water than usual to baste the clams . Outside of that the pot was great .
 the price was exceptionally low use it all the time even use it too distill water every one should have one !!!
 i liked this pot and the spout looked like it was kind of a heavy gauge . it was a gift for someone that has been looking for this item and he was very satisfied .
 great product for the price , does all you need . Big enough for large family . We have done clam bakes and soups .
 Love it ! Works well . Cleans easy , spout works , the clams and mussels were wonderful ! Thanks wish this revies didnot take so many words to submit ...
 I purchased this steamer for oysters . I utilize a propane burner set up and make quick work of steaming oysters.This set up is great for a small to med size get together . If you are looking to cook 1-2 bushels this is an ideal set up . It cooks fast and easy clean up .
 Bought this for my husband for his birthday ... he loves to steam clams and lobsters ... he immediately went out and bought some clams to steam ... easy to use and they were excellent ! He loves this granite pot !
 I bought this as a gift for my sister for her birthday . It is exactly what she asked for , it arrived in record time and the price is right !
 For the price , it works like a dream . The faucet does n't leak at all , which was my main concern since I 'll be using it mostly inside . I 've steamed lobsters and clams and both types of seafood came out fine . I did 4 lobsters -LRB- 1.25 lb softshells -RRB- and I think I could have fit a couple more in without much trouble.No dents or dings from shipping - the pot was packaged up pretty well by GraniteWare and Amazon put their box in a box with paper padding . A bit too much packaging for the environmentalist in me , but it did the job .
 I purchased this for my daughter after using the same steamer for many years myself . Wonderful for clams . Especially good for steaming blue fin crabs . It will hold 3 dozen large crabs at a time . Steamer came packaged well . With proper care it should last many years . I purchased the steamer through Amazon , and have been very please with the service Amazon provides . I would purchase this product again .
 I could n't be happier ... unless it caught the lobsters too ... mine arrived in mint condition and we have been using it now for about six months . very happy with this and would definitely suggest to a friend .
 It was a gift . The receiver of the steam pot loves it . Had a small dent in the pot , but not enough to do any real damage . And that would be more of a shipping then a manufacturer problem .
 I purchased this as a gift for my father in-law . The steamer arrived within a few days of ordering , in perfect condition . It 's exactly as it appears online , well constructed . My father in-law used it right away and is very pleased with the steamer .
 I almost did not purchase this based on some previous reviews of it arriving bent , crushed , due to poor packaging but , I took a chance and I am glad I did . When it arrived , yes , 1 corner of the box was dented and I was concerned . I opened the outer box to find that the actual product was in a slightly smaller box inside and this box had NO dent in it . Further , that box had packaging material around the steamer and the steamer parts were taped together to prevent any movement . If you are hesitating due to packaging - go for it ! This is a pot just like my parents had for many years and we ca n't wait to try it out !
 I was pleased with the steamer faucet set that I purchased . It makes steaming clams easy and is a well constructed set . I expect it to be the last steamer I need to purchase in my lifetime .
 I bought this to replace a clam pot that I have had for years . The price for this pan was less then I paid 16 years ago for a similar pan . It looks good and I hope to get many years out of this one as well .
 This steamer pot works great , steamed over a half bushel of clams in no time at all .
 After reading other reviews prior to purchasing we are very satisfied with this steam pot . The day after we received it we had a small clambake in our back yard . The steamer worked perfectly . We used the stand from our `` turkey fryer '' as the heating element . The clams and the rest of our food turned out delicious . In fact , we had another clambake the following week . And again 2 weeks after that . We had no issues and ca n't wait to use again .
 Received pot on friday used it sunday . works like a charm not one problem ... The clam bake was great
 This is the best steamer for me because it has a faucet at the bottom . Great for draining out the juice . It came quickly and is well made . If this is the size you 're looking for it 's a great buy .
 I bought this a year ago and it is a lot prettier in person than the picture . The scenery of the tapestry looks very relaxing .
 I was looking for a blue ceramic coffee canister to match our kitchen tile . It needed to have a lid with suction to keep the coffee fresh.I can not get a whole pound of coffee in it at one time , but that is ok.The Fiesta Cobalt Canister is just what I was looking for !
 Beautiful canister . I purchased one in each of the three sizes . They look fantastic in my kitchen . Highly recommend .
 I love this product . I have a few sizes and keep them on my counters . They are excellent for holding a variety of items including cookies , coffee , flour , sugar . All items stay fresh ! Truly nice looking on the counters . They pop , excellent finish .
 I ordered the complete Fiesta kit as my wifes Christmas and Birthday -LRB- 28th of December -RRB- gifts . Big plates , little plates , bowls -LRB- I see now I will have to order the larger bowls -RRB- , canisters , sugar and creamer , gravy bowl , glasses -LRB- three different styles -RRB- etc and she loves them . Problem is what to do with the old stuff ... amazing how much you accumulate over time . Long story short the Fiesta line of products are first class as are the retailers Amazon.com works with . I requested gift wrapping which most vendors offered and they arrived with no problems , except the salt and pepper shaker of which one of them arrived cracked but was cheerfully replaced . Ca n't say enough good about my experience .
 Fiesta ware is great . It 's durable , functional , comes in zillionsof colors , and fits in with just about any decore .
 I was delighted to receive this canister quickly and well-packaged . It was in perfect condition and exactly what I wanted . It 's just the right size to hold a package of coffee and keeps it fresh until the whole thing is used up . The quality and design of Fiesta products is always a pleasure .
 The canister was brand new ; apparently the sunflower yellow color is popular so was difficult to find at a reasonable price . I needed another canister to match the 3 canisters I already have . Amazon filled the bill on all counts !
 it does n't take a whole lot of money to introduce a bit of class into your kitchen
 It 's handy , I can carry it to anywhere I want but the bad thing is noisy
 I was somewhat skeptical since there does n't seem to be much interest in this product and even a bad review , but for less than $ 20 it was worth taking a chance . We use ours in the bathroom and it works great . I am now ordering a couple of replacement filters since we have had our unit for over 6 months . For such a small fan , it moves a lot of air and does a fantastic job of removing -LRB- and not masking -RRB- odor . Highly recommended .
 I just recently received this odor eliminator . It was much bigger than I expected but very easy to setup and use . The filters are relatively cheap and only need to be purchased every 2 months.On whisper quiet mode well the unit is just about whisper quiet . If you are trying to get rid of a particularly bad smell you can turn it on high speed which is a moderately noisy fan noise.Living in a dorm sometimes things can get a bit smelly -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- . This device always has your back whether it 's your garbage you do n't want to take out or your room mate 's pile of smelly clothes . In this modern age we do n't always have time to take care of these things and most sprays simply mask odors . This great Hamilton Beach product ELIMINATES odors and sends them packing .
 We have two . One of them runs in the bathroom all the time , and works well to eliminate the musty odor . The other is in the kitchen and while it 's running all the time , it 's a bit more negligable because there 's a lot of air circulation . Best to keep it in a smaller area , or very close to the souce of the odor . I still find that an open bowl of arm & hammer works the best ... go figure . But you should see the dust they collect ... convinces me that they 're doing something good . I recomend .
 This product is excellent in the kitchen . We cook a lot of indian food and this product is a ` match made in heaven ' for this type of odor-intensive cooking . nowadays , we even fry fish and this takes care of all the odor . Havent had to replace filter until now . It would have been great if Hamilton bundled a free filter along with the machine .
 I have been using two of these units for over six months now and they are great . I use one at home with a pet odor filter to reduce the smell coming from my hamster cage and it does an amazing job . When it 's running You could n't tell there was a hamster in the room unless you put your nose up to the cage . The other one I use in an old musty dorm room and it has helped with the smell . The other nice thing is they take a lot of dust out of the air . I vacuum my filters about every month because they get so full of dust . Overall for a $ 20 product they do a great job and I highly recommend them .
 We purchased this to put in the closet that holds the kitty litter box . It is unbelievable how well this works . It gets rid of any smell , and also gets rid of the odor from the cat food which is usually more unplesent than the box . The big downside is that after two weeks , the filter did stop working , so it had to be replaced . The filter that comes in a three-pack for $ 7.99 works great , you do n't need to buy the special pet ones which are more than 8 dollars each . So for $ 70 a year , you can have a fresh smelling kitty area . And the filters have free shipping and no tax . Get this , it works and the filters are worth it .
 This little unit works well . I had a cat `` accident '' in a very cramped area in my basement that ended up causing a very nasty smell in our basement and part of our house upstairs . We put it near the location of the `` accident '' and ran it on the `` quick clean '' mode for a few hours and then in standard mode the rest of that day and the following day . The smell diminished substantially over that time . Operates fairly quietly . Only complaint is cost of filter refills -LRB- are they really worth 8 bucks ? -RRB- .
 I got a model very similar for about 10 bucks on clearence , and plugged it in , not expecting much . I placed it in the finished portion of my basement near the catbox . After 1 day , I noticed the air was a little fresher , crisper . It took that ammonia smell directly above the box away . After about a week , the whole basement was a little clearer . I noticed the difference the most after I unplugged it vacuuming one day and did n't plug it back in . The next morning the odor was creeping back . This is a relatively affordable item , does descent job for a small space . I have now had this for about 2 1/2 years , still working good with refills .
 I bought it yeterday . We do lots of Indian cooking with lots of smoke . This guy has significantly reduced the smoke and odor.Every one at home can feel the difference.I al planning to buy more filters from Hamilton .
 I 'm really sensitive to noise when I 'm sleeping and have been relying on this machine for about five years . I use the `` Quick Clean '' feature because it 's louder than the regular option . It drowns out noise and helps me sleep great . It finally died a few days ago , so I 'm buying a new one . It actually did n't die , but it 's making a really weird noise that 's annoying , so I 'm throwing it away . You can find a similar one at Target that 's made by Febreze called `` True Air , '' but the thing is whisper quiet and therefore completely useless to me .
 I love this little air purifier and I love the seller!These things work perfect for the spring with all the allergies floating around in the air . Sadly , Hamilton will not be producing any more of this model = -LRB-
 I 'm glad I bought this product instead of wasting my money on an ionic breeze . It works well and is pretty quiet .
 I bought this product hoping it would help eliminate the smell from 3 cat litter boxes . Even thought we change our cat litter boxes obsessively every day , we still had a nasty smell . This product works very well . However , it does not clean the air for an entire house , it works for a room or maybe two . And it is not quiet . There are two settings , one louder and more efficient . But even the lower setting is still noticeable when you walk into the room . It does clear the air very well , we run ours when we are not home so the noise does not bother us .
 this air filter works great for how small it is i have 7 cats and i put the filters in the to rooms with the litter boxes and it cleans the air really good
 The product is worth every dime . It works slowly but surely does get rid of all the odor . Even in a house where spicy food is cooked on a regular basis . The catridge effeciency starts going down after a month of regular usage
 I bought this product to eliminate kitchen odor when cooking/baking or warming up food . It works wonder in both quiet & quick mode . It also works great in removing other odor such as pet .
 I bought this for my older apartment that does n't have a fan in the bathroom . It does an excellent job of keeping the bathroom air fresh and dry -LRB- the mirrors barely even fog up -RRB- . I do n't know what I would do without it ! I do wish it were a little smaller . Check the dimensions before buying to make sure it can fit in the space around where your outlet is located-mine blocks one side of the medicine cabinet but it 's well worth it .
 After reading all other reviews I thought that this product would work well and for only $ 20 . I tested it while cooking a Mexican dish and it did better than expected . Clearly it did not get rid of all the garlic , onion and chili oddors , but it did reduced the smells a lot . I liked it a lot . In fact I will buy another one for the bathroom .
 I use this product to get rid of the smoking odor in our living room . It works ! If you hold a cigarette near it , you can see it sucking all the smoke . I also like the feature where the tiny light on top turns red to indicate that its time to change the filter . I have had this for almost 2 years now and its still going strong . Highly recommended !
 I 've had this for a few months now and it does work well at removing odors.It came in very handy when out neighbor was having their septic tank pumped out.Within a few minutes of turning it on high the smell was reduced significantly in the area where it was running .
 We recently bought this product after reading reviews online and we have to agree with one of the other reviewers that this is great for `` odor-intensive '' cooking . We cook a lot of Indian food at home and it gets very difficult to keep the odor off if you live in a cold place where you have to keep doors and windows closed all time . We have to agree that it does help in cleaning the air and keeping most of the odor off from the areas near the kitchen and even your clothes.Only a small glitch hat the the odor eliminating power dies off after few weeks of use .
 great product . Had my 2-pack-a-day Dad over for 3 weeks and it worked like a dream . surprisingly great little fellow .
 this does work for the kitty litter ... awesome for when guests are over and I 'm ` nervous ' about the smell.I had one before and could n't remember why I got rid of it . But , I just remembered ... the sucker goes through filters like you would n't believe , and the filters are 1/2 the cost of just buying a new one.and , being an energy-conscious household , I wish this was created as ` energy-star ' .
 The quality of this enameled cast iron fondue -LRB- pot -RRB- seems great . Enamel is evenly distributed , the blue colored exterior is quite nice and the overall impression is favorable . In fact , everything seems to be quite nice with two exceptions one notices upon closer inspection :1 . The rechaud -LRB- stand -RRB- just does n't seem to fit quite perfectly with the pot
 This replaces an old thin metel one I had . I have used it several times and it works great . Instructions call for heating chese in a separate pan and then transfer to the fondue pot . Using it for a beef fondue , instructions say put it on the stove . I could see no reason for the different treatment , so I did my cheese fondue heating it in the fondue pot on the stove . It worked just fine . Dish washes clean nicely . Very heavy unit .
 I do really enjoy this fondue pot . The color I got was the blue and it is very pretty ; but most of all what I enjoyed about this Fondue set is the fact that it is not electric and not needing to have a cord drug across the table to keep hot . I did heat it on the stove before placing on the gel flame , but really the gel seemed to keep it hot enough that it can be placed on it cold and will be warmed up to a temperature that is warm enough to cook the meat and also the cheese for your varieties of bread . I have not yet tried the deserts with this fondue set but I expect it to work out very well also . The only cons I have with this set is the fondue forks are a bit flimsy and cheap and also the size of the pot . The forks work well for the time being but since my only experience with fondue is at the Melting Pot , I will eventually be getting some much more expensive higher quality . Also , the pot is somewhat small but fits what is in the product description . This is for only about 2-3 people due to the size but I really enjoy the pot quality . It is made very well with very nice material and I am happy with it . It is also very easy to clean .
 The bedskirt is of good quality and color . I am pleased with selection . Thanks
 After reading the previous reviews I had to turn my timer around to check its Cat . No . and make sure I had the same unit . I bought this timer last summer -LRB- 8 months ago -RRB- and I 've had no problems with it . The magnet does n't release from the refrigerator as I punch in the numbers . It does shift a bit . Maybe other users are being heavy handed ? I 've used it to remind me of events later in the day , setting it as far ahead as 7 hours and however many minutes I need . So it should work fine to time a roast . It 's a simple unit and I 've gotten a lot of use out of it without it breaking . Hopefully it will last for years . I 'm buying another one today for my husband to use in his office . That 's the best recommendation I can give it .
 I am happy that the previous reviews that I read had issues problems that do not effect me and my use of this great timer . It does time to 99 hours , so go ahead and plan on cooking that roast or turkey or whatever extended time you need to set this timer for . Also , the magnet does attach snugly to the fridge , as far as trying to push the buttons and leaving it there , I tried it and it did not fall off the couple of times I did that to see if it would fall off to the floor . When I usually set mine though , I have it in my hand , just because that is how I have always set my timers all my life . It will turn off after a minute of ringing , but you can take it with you wherever you may be when you think your time will be up , since it is portable to not miss the ring down the block or wherever you may be . The current time is nice to have in the area of the kitchen where mine is stored on the fridge .
 This is a good kitchen timer . It replaces an older version of the same sort of electronic timer that my daughters misplaced . The only drawback is that it is a single timer . I would have preferred a dual timer , which was what I used to have , but I ordered the wrong item -- oops ! Anyway , I kept the timer and it works great .
 First , good timer . Had a previous version for 30 + years and looked for one like it . 70s beige version was smaller and more elegant . Clip/magnet nestled in the case . Button battery was likewise inside . This one has clunky battery and clip protruding from the back . However , magnet is larger and battery a more convenient AA . This one has larger display.As to timing , some reviewers must not actually have had this model . # 40055 has an hour button and 99-hour-plus capability . -LRB- Resetting ? Directions are clear . -RRB- It counts up as well as down . I used my old one as a stop watch . E.g. , 22 minutes or more of commercials and promos in 60 minutes of TV or radio.New version has these advantages too
 This man has honor and integrity . When he did n't have the exact item that was shown on eBay , he spoke up before just mailing something different to me and let me know the mistake and offered to send me a better more expensive timer for the same price . It arrived very rapidly and works perfectly . You can trust this seller - he 'd make a good friend too .
 Great high quality graphic posters ! I purchased frames to fit these posters -LRB- the laminate needs to be trimmed to fit the size of the poster 's since the sizing listed is poster only -RRB- , but that was easy enough and the laminate makes framing the poster better -LRB- I did the same for non-laminated posters and they tend to be wavy/ripply in the frame -RRB- . This was a great investment if you plan to frame them or not -LRB- I recommend framing because the laminate makes them lay flat compared to other posters -RRB- .
 The bedskirt is of good quality and color . I am pleased with selection . Thanks
 Exact width and length they state.Takes 10 minutes to install . Only 4 screws . Screwed them into my wood pantry shelves.You need a power screwdriver . Depending on height clearance , you may also need a small angled power screwdriver.These shelves are addictive . You will buy more .
 I ordered these for my mother for Mother 's Day . They are VERY sturdy , simple to install , and they slide out all of the way , so you can easily see what is at the back of the shelf . I am very pleased with their quality ! They install in 5 minutes or less , using just 4 screws -LRB- which are provided with the kit -RRB- . I 'll be buying more !
 Sure wish I 'd known about these sliding shelves a long time ago . We LOVE them . After my hip replacement I was n't allowed to bend over all the way , and so was having a terrible time getting things out of my lower kitchen cabinets . We measured our cabinets very carefully before ordering , and the shelves fit perfectly . They are heavy steel , very nice quality , sturdy , nothing cheap about them . I do n't expect I 'll ever have to replace them . We have a lot of pots and pans stacked in them , they can handle the weight no problem . The shelves slide in and out smoothly and effortlessly . The person who installed these for us was impressed with their quality ; he said they were very well-made and easy to install . -LRB- These do not just `` sit '' inside your cabinet , they must be installed/screwed in . -RRB- Worth every penny , HIGHLY recommended .
 If you do a lot of cooking or baking , an extra bowl will sure come in handy . But save yourself the headache and double-check your model number before ordering . According to KitchenAid Customer Service , this bowl #KN 15PBEH will only fit discontinued Accolade mixers whose model numbers start with `` KN15E1X '' . Here 's the information I received directly from KitchenAid customer support regarding 5-quart bowls : - bowl #KN 15PBEH fits models that start with KN15E1X - bowl #KN 25PBH fits models that start with KG -LRB- sold at Costco -RRB- - bowl #KN 25NSF fits models that start with KM - bowl #K 5ASBP is for 5 quart `` Classic '' mixers and fits models K5 , KSM5 , K5SS , and KP50PS - The service person said that bowl #KN 25WPBH is incorrectly listed on the KitchenAid website as a 5-quart bowl and that it is actually a 6-quart bowl for 6-quart mixers . I found a LOT of discrepancy regarding this when searching the internet , so I 'd recommend you do a little more research or call KitchenAid at your time of purchase for confirmation .
 Great discription of product with detailed comments about what mixer model it would fit as this bowl model does not fit all of the models depending where the mixer was purchased from . Have been using Kitchen Aid products and mixers for over 20 years and I love my Kitchen Aids and have 2 of them now and have ordered extra bowls for both of them and this one with the ergonomic handle is the best of all because of the comfort of holding it when you have a heavy mixture it does n't cut into your hand . Terrific website and great service and fast shipping . Will definately use them again.Sincerely , Donna T.
 Please do n't discontinue , every one I Know love 's your ' e crystal From San Antonio , Austin , Dallas TX . Kansas CO. . CA . Thank You all for such wonderfull and tallent work . HAVE A HEALTHY AND PROSPER NEW YEAR 2003 AND BEYOND ...
 I sit on the toilet lid when drying off because my bathroom is tiny . The standard lid covers slip off sometimes and I get tired of straightening them . The seat sock works for me . I was afraid the design would be garish but it is not . It looks good , fits and washes well .
 I love the concept and the style of the mug . It is a bit large but that befits a queen . I have reservations about how it will hold up . It looks as if it may get a crackled effect on the rim . One of my co-workers felt hers chipped easily on the rim . I still like it as a congratulation gift for a promotion or a raise .
 This fits on top of the bowl and does not lock in like other shields . It does have a gap that can allow some stuff to get out but that is the &#34; con &#34; you pay for having something like this in a one piece model . We have used the two piece set up and it was just a pain to get one and off . This is a good accessory to have but it wo n't solve all your problems . For around $ 20 it worth stashing for some cooking projects here and there .
 The other reviews I have read about this product stated it does n't help stop spills but it does I 'm glad I did n't go against purchasing it .
 I called Kitchenaid before I ordered this item to insure that it was the correct one to fit my Kitchenaid 4.5 quart Classic mixer with the tilt head . I would encourage others to do that , also , because this shield is awesome . It helps enough to warrant buying one , but only if you order the correct one !
 So happy with the pouring shield , makes baking a little easier , also serves as cover when multi-tasking . Fits my ksm90 perfectly so glad I contacted KA customer service before making selection . Love my KA mixer .
 I do allot of cooking and some baking , with limited space in the kitchen this mixer with the pouring shield -LRB- bought seperatly -RRB- was the perfect fit , stylish , easy to use , safe to use and with plenty of power and adjustible speeds to fulfill my needs ... all in all a great fit .
 Dos n't fit just right but works well somtimes hard to pour things into the funnel
 This product is a great purchase . We did n't have one of these before so pouring in additional ingredients was a little more difficult .
 We purchased this for my MIL for her birthday . She loves it ! My husband loves it because it encourages her to bake for him !
 I have had this for about a month now . I made sure that it fit my model before I bought it -LRB- very important ! -RRB- The only reason I gave this product 4 out of 5 stars is that there is a space on the shield , which powdery ingredients get out . But since this is the only one that fits I would still buy it again , very useful ! Does not fit snugly on the bowl .
 After purchasing a Kitchen Aid standing mixer I discovered it was very difficult to add ingredients while the mixer was running but after purchasing and using the splash guard , adding things is a snap . I love it !
 Great price for this shield . AAA + + + rating for transaction , delivery and product . Why go anywhere else . Amazon.com has it all .
 My mother in-law has a Kitchen Aid and needed a shield . She had commented that they are expensive but I searched and found it here . She loves it and is thankful to find for a reasonable price . When I ordered it , it was n't suppose to ship for a few months , but it ended up shipping within a week . . Very glad for that .
 This is ideal for adding ingredients . No mess if positioned according to guidelines . Fits least expensive style that I own.I am now fully equipped !
 I am glad I purchased this shield as I bake a lot . It does help cut down on the flour dust .
 It works very well and very helpful with adding everything to mixer.I will recommend this to all my family and friends , it 's worth the money .
 my wife always thoght she wanted a food processor but thought they cost too much for the limited use it would get . she uses it all the time and would n't be without one now .
 This was a refurbished mixer . At first I was hesitant to purchase but my fears were unfounded . It arrived it great condition , performs every task -LRB- bread , cakes , cookies , doughs , etc. -RRB- that I have required . In wanting to find a shield to go with this mixer , I called Kitchenaide directly and they were helpful , informative and pleasant . When mentioning this was a refurbished item , they invited me to call anytime with questions - - great customer service . The price was less for this mixer than any local store for a mixer of less HP !!!
 This is a most powerful and awesome mixer . I LOVE it . There is nothing it wo n't mix to the max . Safe for young cooks too . I will never use another mixer .
 Highly recommended for easily and `` neatly '' pouring ingredients into the running lift style mixer . Without the shield , I often end up making a mess of the mixer , bowl , and counter.Although I originally bought the pour shield with the thought of containing `` floating flour dust clouds '' before using my new KA stand mixer , I have found upon use that the KA KG25H3X lift mixer 's design already prevents this issue , rendering the shield unnecessary for escaping flour puffs.But I love it for allowing the extra room to pour in ingredients . It seems to make the process much easier and less awkward for me . It lifts and expands the receiving area to a much more generous size . I 'm very glad I bought it and found this unexpected benefit .
 I have an older model KitchenAid Lift Stand mixer K5SS that I have used consistantly for 15 + years now . It did not come with a shield . Any of the retail outlets that carried KitchenAid claimed that this shield would not fit my mixer . Instead of buying one and trying it , I just regularly ended up redecorating the kitchen `` Jackson Pollack Style '' -LRB- from his `` cake batter period '' . -RRB- Well , thanks to amazon.com 's easy return policy , I became fearless and decided to try this shield . YES it fits the older K5SS series perfectly ! wOOt ! More cakes ! Why did I wait ?!? Washing up one extra piece with your bowl really beats scrubbing down the walls . And the cabinets . And the floors . And innocent bystanders . This is well worth it . If you do n't have this shield , you should buy one now . When you get it you should immediately go find a recipe for a nummy Guinness chocolate cake to bake as your reward for purchasing this item . -LRB- second favorite tres leches cake ! -RRB-
 This shield works very well to eliminate spatters and flour dust on other items in my kitchen .
 At first it was confusing to which shield was the right one for our machine . An on line chat with a the customer service rep. asking which one will fit the 5kss machine , got us the right shield . It works great and makes it much easier to add ingreadents to the machine
 Although there is a small gap in the coverage area along the top on this particular model , this shield does help keep the powder sugar clean-up to a minimum . I still drape a towel over the back portion of mixer covering the gap but on the whole I find it quite helpful . This mixer is wonderful for all mixing tasks , but recently I have been using it primarily for buttercream icing .
 It makes adding ingredients such as flour and sugar much easier , you do need to turn the mixer speed down while adding flour .
 this smaller bowel does not come with mixer and is very useful .
 I had received a Kitchenaid mixer for Christmas , but the 4-1/2 qt bowl was very large for ` small ' jobs . Local stores did n't carry the 3 qt bowl - and after much searching , found the exact bowl at Amzaon.com - $ 10 cheaper than most stores and free S&H . This bowl is perfect for small jobs !
 High quality OEM stainless steel bowl arrived in perfect condition and fits perfectly , love it !
 Very well made and strong enough to hold wet heavy things on the line.They are smooth and wo n't snag flimsy fabric.Great companion for my clothes line.Thank you .
 These wood and metal clothespins are eco-friendly , but they tend to shift so that I have to click them back into place to make the clips align .
 I was pleased with the quick delivery of my clothespins . I also ordered a clothesline and pin holder and was pleased to be able to use all of these together to go a little greener . If anyone would like to do something to save energy , this is a good way to do that .
 I could n't pass on the opportunity to review clothespins . Being the nerd that I am , I googled `` clothespins '' and found out this spring-type version was invented by Zoe M. Martella of Springfield , Vermont , in 1853 . Imagine how she bragged to her neighbors , smugly pinning up her pantaloons on the clothesline with a self-satisfied `` snap '' of her pin . Ms. Martella , I salute you . p.s. these clothespins are regular wooden pins which spring nicely . To date there have been no reported pinning mishaps .
 Absolutely hard to find in modern times - wooden clothes pins that wo n't break the first time in use . I found them here . The product was shipped lightning fast and the product was superior !
 They 're good enough for what they 're meant to be . I much prefer wooden than plastic clothespin and these do the trick .
 Very satisfied with these wooden clothespins . I use them for securing the package openings of different food items and clipping papers together in addition to hanging clothes on the line .
 I bought this in 2006 for my mother and step-father . They are still using it & my mother swears it keeps coffee hot all day ! The only bad thing about it is the UT logo :-RRB- .
 I love it . Solved all my probems with splattering my stove top . Easy to clean . Bought it to go with my new cast iron skillet , but able to use it on other skillets that I do n't have a lid for.If you 're looking for a hard to find item , Amazon is the place to shop !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Bought this as a christmas gift and the recipient loves it . Product as described , fast shipping . Highly recommend seller ! Great product .
 It 's a good buy . This crusher is awesome ! It sure beats trying to crush a can with sledgehammer , foot or hand ! It 's built with a sturdy metal so it should hold up for a long time of use . Just make sure not to overextend when pushing down . We have found that it works best to leave a couple of cans in the bottom so when you add cans to it they align correctly . It holds five cans . The sliding mechanism works smoothly ! We have been recycling cans for years where we did not crush them . It feels great to recycle with less trips to the recycling center ! Also , it 's fun to use , you get to crush a can in seconds !
 Bought this over 20 years ago from ACE Hardware and probably crushed over 10,000 cans with it , maybe more.Product is ruggedly built of steel and withstands many years of daily use and even assembly-line abuse.As old and used as mine is , the main arm jumps track every once in a great while but easily snaps back in place in a couple seconds and without needing any tools.The real beauty is in it 's simplicity of design and construction . There may be smoother operating/better looking units out there but how much precision do you need in crushing cans ? All it has to do is work and this thing is a workhorse.In fact , if everything worked as well as this product the world would be a better , more reliable place and there 'd be no need for customer service departments or replacement parts .
 When I first used the product , I stacked 6 cans in it and started crushing . I found that the second can was falling behind the plate after crushing the first can . I had to adjust the guide wire in the back to prevent the next can from falling before it 's time . After the adjustment , it worked great .
 Love it , love it , love it !!! My uncle has had one of these for years so I went searching for it . Works great and is fun in a kind of weird way . I like the stacking feature because we can store up cans for my step son to crush .
 This is the successor to the one I bought many years ago , now worn out . As with the old one , I found I needed to grease the rails on which the plunger slides . I also greased the holes where the plunger bail attaches to the handle . Had I done the latter with the old one , it would probably still be working , but it broke where it wore through.I also found that I had to bend the ends of the plunger bail where it goes into the holes in the handle , or it would slip out near the end of travel.Once you 've done all that , it 's a very good can crusher .
 I ordered this crusher as a replacement to one I bought from a chain discount tool store . The first one had plastic which quickly broke . This crusher is all metal & works fine .
 This can crusher is the best that I have found . One problem I did find with this crusher is the arms on the crusher will bend . I would like to see that part beefed up a little . Other than that the crusher works great .
 We purchased this item back in 1999 and we mounted it outdoors on a wooden beam above a plastic hamper to collect all the crushed cans as they drop . The crusher has endured use by us as well as abuse by kids in the family that yanked and hung off the handle as they `` tried '' to crush a can . Very durable , excellent price and quality .
 The multi can crusher works great . It was easy to attach and easy to use.It replaced a another crusher that fell apart in about 4 weeks . This one takes 6 cans and crushes them in about 15 seconds . The cans droup out the bottom after being crushed into a plastic lined garbage can . We have very little problems with the crusher becoming jammed up . It is very sturdy and has held up well
 I have had this crusher for only 4 days and LOVE it after I made 2 minor adjustments that really helped.As a few other reviewers mentioned , the next can in line would fall behind piston and get stuck . There are a set of vertical wire bars along back edge that are intended to hold next can to be crushed in correct position . I just bent them out towards can stack a little more for a stronger pre-load . Has worked great so far.Also noticed that when crushing a can the top edge of the crushing plate would sometimes hit the bottom edge of the next can in line above it and would also cause a can to drop behind the piston and get stuck . Basically , the can being crushed was just sitting a bit too low in `` crushing chamber '' and allowing can above to get in the way a tiny bit . There are 2 horizontal wire bars underneath crushing chamber intended to hold can at correct level . Again , just bent them up a tiny bit which shifted can being crushed , and whole can stack , up an 1/8 '' or so . perfect fix . Not sure yet if both adjustments will stand the test of time.And something that takes a lot of stress off of whole machine , squeeze cans slightly and leave a small dent before dropping cans in the stack . Think of the trick of standing on a can with one foot and leaning down and touching it and it collapses . A perfect can is quite strong.Granted , crusher should work great out of the box but these were very minor adjustments I made after just watching what would happen when I crushed a can . Ca n't rate durability yet but I have crushed a 50 gal trash bag full and no problems and we had fun.And I actually thought it was more sturdy than it looked in the pictures .
 This is a great can crusher , that easily crushes . It also holds multiple cans which allows you to crush multiple cans in a shorter amount of time .
 This works better than any others we have had in the past . Fast and easy to use .
 I am very happy with the Item I got . It was all that it said and would not have a problem useing this service for other things if needed . Thanks
 I really like the Pacific Precision Metals Multi-Can Crusher . The only thing I would like to see changed is the amount of space to put cans in . It only holds 6 , I 'd like to see that doubled to hold more cans . The product is durable , and will last longer than the plastic ones on the market . Thanks for a great product .
 This is a well made sturdy product and it works as advertized right out of the box . I had read some reviews before buying that said they had to do a minor modification to get the cans to feed correctly into the crushing chamber . Mine worked flawlessly without modification .
 We bought this in 1999 for a weekend home with no trash service . We have crushed thousands of cans and this sturdy monster has been a winner . We have the crusher attached to a sturdy wall , which is probably a requirement . After almost 13 years of heavy use , the rack above it has recently been pushed over a bit and has twice been caught by the crushing handle . A push on the rack has easily fixed the issue . Today I ordered a new one because I wanted a replacement of the same crusher on hand just in case the old one has to be `` retired '' . It 's not very pretty , but it is a winner . It 's also a big hit with guests -- I rarely have to do any of the crushing because everyone else gets such a kick out of using it .
 This saves my back , it limits the amount of twisting to load six cans at a time , then pull the lever six times , the crushed can falls into a pail on the ground and gravity automatically loads the next can and pull the lever again.Very easy to install and operate .
 Purchased the can crusher for my Hubby . He has used alot of crushers over the years but did n't like them because they only did single cans or they did n't hold up . This one he said is a keeper . He crushes daily and normal amount is a full garbage bag a day .
 This is an awesome product . We have an old one at the beach and it finally gave out . I looked at several but wanted one like our old one . Easy to operate , smooth operation and built to last !
 AS others have said it works good but the cans do n't drop correctly . I either have to keep a finger on the next can to drop into the smasher or it will 8 times out of 10 crush incorrectly and then get caught in the smasher causing a malfunction which requires all cans to be removed and then fight to get the incorrectly smashed can out . Must be mounted on a wall that has a good stud to screw into . If not in a good stud it will most likely pull back out of the wall .
 I purchased this can crusher based upon the reading of many other reviews on this and other versions of can crushers . This unit performs perfectly and its full steel frame can easily crush aluminum cans.This unit does need to be securely mounted !
 For the amount I paid for this product , I have been pleased with its results . Occasionally the cans slip out of place and I have to manually adjust them , but that is no big deal considering what little I paid for this . It surely beats stomping on them with my feet . I 'm very pleased with this product . It has lasted me several years and I 'm considering buying one for someone else .
 This was a birthday gift for my daughter and she was thrilled with it . It certainly makes recycling and recycling disposal much easier . Thank you .
 The crusher workes great and I received fast from the supplier . Save room on can for those that can take cans and turn them in for cash ...
 This is a great product ... had one years ago , and searched the internet to find another one . Highly recommend .
 I first purchased this product about 10 years ago , when we moved to our current home . It finally gave out last month and I started looking in the retail stores for another . I finally went online and found it and immediately ordered it from Amazon . Any product that holds up that long , gets my return business !
 This crusher does a great job , very satisfied . I would recommend it to anyone wanting a good crusher at an excellent price .
 With the multi can holder on top , you need to watch how far you push the handle back or the cans will flip on you . Overall it is very well built . I would recommend it for anyone who is into recycling aluminum cans .
 The Aluminum can crusher is sturdy and easy to use . No tweaks necessary , works straight out of the box . No pinching of fingers like some of those other ones I have tried .
 It 's a wonderful kit . Just only you can not adjust the ravioli maker . You should know how to make proper dough to work it perfectly .
 We bought this as pasta maker as a gift for our daughter and she loves it . She uses it at least 2 to 3 times a week making homemade pasta for her family frequently . All pieces work well except the spaghetti maker . For some reason she has not been able to make it work well . The pasta sticks together but she is experimenting with it to get it right . Good buy for us as the homemade pasta is great .
 The product fits all KitchenAid stand mixers and requires the food grinder attachment . It permits the user to make many kinds of fresh pasta quickly . Make sure your dough mixture is n't too dry , or the plastic pieces might break .
 5 stars , easy to use . clean up is a breeze . used all the attachments with excellent results . will never buy boxed pasta again
 my kids love making pasta with me . after you use it a few times you get the hang of it . makes great pasta . my oldest son -LRB- 6 -RRB- would eat it every day . if you love pasta this is a must have for your kitchen aid mixer .
 She has always wanted a Pasta set so I got this and a few other attachments for the KitchenAid mixer . They arrived on time and are PERFECT ! She has been in the kitchen making pasta and singing to songs on the radio again ! Now she is driven to make the perfect pasta .
 Works very well and I loved using it . It made nice pasta and it was just an amazing tool to use .
 Product arrived as promised during the busy holiday season . . I even received a personal email from Housewares during the weekend to confirm shipment.Thank You!MVP
 Having the Kitchenaid do all the cranking is great - and the Spaghetti maker actually makes ROUND spaghetti , not just tagliatini type little flat noodles.NOTE for those that say the attachments turn and go around , read the instructions . YOU HAVE to insert if far enough into the mixer so that the little pin on the pasta maker fits into the notch near the tightening screw . IF you do n't do that , it will go around and around.The Ravioli maker was a surprise , it is manual , but I guess that makes sense , That is the one I have n't used yet .
 I just got done eating raviolis made by this ravioli maker . Due to all the negative reviews I had some trepidation but I always make up my own mind using the products myself . This ravioli maker was E-A-S-Y . None of my raviolis came undone in the water . I do admit I only put 2 raviolis to boil for the 5 minutes as a test , they turned out fine so I threw the whole batch in the water . This machine is fabulous . I thinned the dough out to # 5 , pricked a hole in each ravioli and it came out delicious . Not a single one burst while cooking . I made a shrimp , cream cheese , ricotta , garlic , cracked pepper and sea salt filling . I added a little cottage cheese as it strings like mozzarella when hot . This is not my first time making pasta but it was my first time using the ravioli maker . I give this machine a 5 .
 We received these for Christmas and absolutely LOVE them ! They ALL work exactly as promised . It is true , the first time we made the ravioli , it mashed it all up ... but we figured out that we needed WAY more flour on the outside of the pasta and then it worked like a dream ! Do n't throw away the ravioli roller ... all you have to do is pratice !! I promise , it is WORTH it !!!!
 My kids and I gave this pasta set to my wife for her birthday . We were a little concerned because of some of the negative reviews but thought we 'd give it a try . We started with a double batch of one of the pasta recipes from the included manual and went to work.After making the dough we used the roller attachment to flatten it out into long , wide strips . We started with the thickest setting -LRB- # 1 -RRB- and fed the dough through several times at this setting . We repeated this process at a # 3 thickness and # 5 thickness , feeding the dough through several times at each setting . Warning
 I was skeptical about purchasing this set especially since the ravioli maker has had mixed and poor reviews . I decided to purchase after viewing utube and various sets . Upon receiving , I attempted to make dough and attachments . It took me some time to get down the process for the dough . I ended up making it more moist than the recipe called for . Also , I absolutely love the ravioli maker and ca n't believe the bad reviews . It is manual and in my opinion it should be , you have to ensure you have enough filling and with power you would not be able to control . Be sure to let your flat noodle sit before running through the ravioli maker . The first one I made I did n't wait and the dough was too moist . I just was too excited and needed to see how it worked . I then went back to making the flat noodle for the remaining dough then make ravioli 's . the were perfect . Do n't let the poor reviews affect your judgment . this set is great . My mom as the manual press and was very impressed with the kitchen aid set .
 The pasta roller & pasta cutters are great . The ravioli maker does n't work easily , and because of this we have not been able to make raviolis with it yet . I would n't recommend it to anyone unless they have time to practice a lot.The price was good & the delivery was great
 Excellent price on an excellent product . Same product that I 've seen used on Top Chef and Hell 's Kitchen . Restaurant grade pasta maker that should last a lifetime . Waited to by it until I saw the incredibly low price on Amazon .
 We purchased the KPEX attachment pack for Christmas and just used it . I have used the hand crank pasta maker and these attachments make pasta making easy . The units appear to be very well made . If you enjoy making pasta for dinner and you already have a Kitchen Aid mixer , you will love these attachments .
 Quite simply , this makes the very best pasta that we 've ever had . I ca n't even bring myself to open another package of dry , store bought pasta after using this.And it is so much fun for the whole family . We 've had pasta making parties and they were such a hit.We 've even made whole wheat pasta and that was delicious . The only thing we have n't tried is the ravioli maker , but if it works like the rest of the attachments , I have not doubt it will be great.I highly recommend this attachment for the Kitchenaid .
 I really love these rollers , the all work beautifully . However , the ravioli maker is kind of touchy to use , and took me several different uses to get the hang of . Some more robust instruction with the package would have been helpful .
 Received as a gift . Love it . Easy to set up . Easy to use . If you 've been wanting to make your own restaurant quality pasta , you have to get these . We used it right away and love all the different pastas we can make . Easy to clean too .
 Love the fettuccine and thin spaghetti it makes , you cant beat homade pasta ! Advise those attachments to anyone who loves Pasta !
 Oh wow ! these are fantastic attachments for your machine . They are incredibly solid , well made and functional . I wish I had three hands when making pasta theres so much to do I ca n't imagine having to hand crank the rollers too :-RRB- so glad to have my KA do the work for me , plus I think it gives a much better consistency to the pasta being that it is running at a constant speed.I am so glad that I purchased the whole set together as it gave a much better value .
 i unpacked as soon as box arrived . attachments come with a few recipes . i mad the ravioli and my husband and kids wanted more . it was really easy to use . a little bit messy but easy clean up too .
 I bought this as a Xmas gift for my wife -LRB- she received it a bit early -RRB- and she absolutely loves it . It 's the first time she 's ever made her own pasta and admits it 's very easy to do . We 've gotten rid of all the hard pasta in the pantry and it will be fresh from now on . I was amazed on how simple and easy to use these attachments are . They are very well made and should last a long time . In my opinion , this is the best attachment for your KitchenAid mixer .
 KitchenAid products worked extremely well . They are a solid and reliable construction . Although a bit pricey , the pasta making attachments produce fantastic pasta with very little effort .
 Just received this and it has so many parts . Any suggestions on how to store all the parts and pieces to keep them organized?Haven ' t used it yet but it did arrive on time .
 We just received it and the only thing we have used is the Ravioli Maker which is wonderful . Fresh pasta is the best /
 Exactly what I wanted and was at a fantastic price . I will use this a lot and absolutely love it .
 Very happy with item . Did n't know how to use it . Was very easy to use . Happy with the items . Can make several different kind pasta . Much better than the stuff you buy in the stores in the bags.Always wanted one of these pasta makers . Very happy i purchasted it .
 I actually bought the Martha Stewart AQUA SKY KitchenAid Mixer < Stunning Mixer I must add > JUST for getting this set and making pasta ... . after looking at various pasta machines I figured . . Why not just buy the damn mixer and these , lol ... . NO REGRETS ... . became a pasta making fool ... . Got a killer wood pastry board at Williams and Sonoma , Made pasta every weekend for a month ... got my freezer stocked full ... . freezes great , just boil water , and Instant homemade pasta ... . The set is awesome ... . works like a charm ... . havent used the Raviolli maker yet , but dying to try that puppy out ... . LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 After trying the pasta maker attachment I gave my manual pasta machine away . The roller attachment is very easy to use and it makes such a difference having two hands vs. the one hand cranking and the other feeding in and handling the pasta dough . The set I bought was the basic roller , fettuccine , and spaghetti cutters . While I have not used the ravioli attachment I saw it demonstrated at a William-Sonoma class and the instructor was having a very difficult time getting it to work correctly . It was more trouble than it was worth and small square ravioli was the only option . Cutting your own allows you to determine size and shape of your choice . So , 5 stars for the basic pack -LRB- roller , fettuccine , and spaghetti cutters -RRB- and 1 star for the ravioli attachment .
 I bought this for my wife -LRB- she wanted to try making her own pasta & ravioli -RRB- . Everything worked great , but it took just a little practice to get the hang of the ravioli maker .
 This product lived up to its expectations and more . It makes great pasta and the clean up is fast and easy .
 This set of pasta tools is a joy to use . Right out of the box , we followed the easy instructions and made our first pasta together . . and fresh pasta is a real treat . Now , each weekend , part of the fun is choosing what kind of pasta we want to create for the coming week . Easy to use , a snap to clean , and we get to enjoy fresh tasty pasta .
 Most used attachement I own , so much easier than manual roller . No problems or complaints . Also have the pasta extruder attachement , if choosing between the two these are the better choice .
 This product makes homemade pasta easy and delicious , a must have for the home cook . You can make the dough in your mixer , then just attach the roller and make your sheets , then cut . I really like the fact I can make the sheets the thickness that I like and there are many cut size options.The only downside is you can only roll out a small amount of dough at a time so it 's a bit time consuming but well worth . Have n't used the ravioli attachment and it does tell you in the directions to take a practice run or two first so sounds a little complex .
 Everything I have tried in this set so far -LRB- the roller and two cutters -RRB- is wonderful except for the ravioli maker.Long story short , I read the instructions and was prepared to fail a few times with the ravioli maker - but I could never get it to work.The set is great - throw away the ravioli maker .
 these attachments have made this single dad into a pasta making pro in no time ! There is no comparison between fresh and store bought pasta . My picky eater son is constantly asking for seconds and thirds !!
 These are great pillow cases to sleep on . The weave is so fine and smooth they are a luxury at bargain price .
 This is a great addition to any office or church or wherever you need to have one pot of coffee or tea staying piping hot . I could not get over how wonderful this is just for a coffee warmer . KitchenAid products are and will always be my favorite because they hold up so well , for years and years . You wo n't be dissappointed !!
 I bought this for my husband who has gone through dozens of coffee mugs , both plastic and stainless . He really likes this one . It 's comfortable to hold , easy to open , and keeps the coffee HOT for over an hour . I 'd recommend it .
 First travel mug I ever owned that actually kept my coffee hot for several hours . I love my new mug !
 I became a fan of Timolino Travel Mugs after losing my Brueggers Bottomless Mug last year . I was unwilling to buy a replacement for $ 130 and found the exact same mug for considerably less on Amazon . Actually , I was so happy with the quality of the mug that I also purchased the 20-Ounce version -LRB- PCS-60 -RRB- . In the event that you lose the lid , replacement lids are also available on Amazon.Anyway , these mugs are well built and keep beverages hot for at least 60 minutes . I found that they can be cleaned and returned to new condition by soaking the insides with boiling water and a couple teaspoons of dishwasher detergent for 5-10 minutes . Unfortunately , the prices of the mugs have recently gone up 20-25 % on Amazon . Nonetheless , they are a good value for around $ 20 .
 I posted some photos to go along with this review - these stands are excellent , very well made for the money . For self-assembled furniture , I highly recommend them . I especially noted the quality of the packaging , which is unusual for self-assembled goods of this type.The modification in question comes from the use of larger speaker wire - I was changing to 12 AWG , and this did not fit through the pre-drilled hole in the top plate . The provided hole is only 1/4 inch , and the 12 AWG wire would not come anywhere close to going thru it . So I drilled the holes out - first to 5/16 inch , then finally to 3/8 inch , which just barely allows the cable to go thru . If you drape the wires behind the stand , it 's not an issue , but if you want to use the built-in cable routing , this is something to take into consideration.Also , if you do route the cables up thru the top plate , you may not be able to set the speaker down on the entire top base - the cable itself may get in the way . I have the speaker flush against the speaker wire , with the front quarter protruding out . Combined with the using the front ` spikes ' on the top plate , this gives a nice upward tilt to the speakers that is exactly what I need in my room . For my size speaker , this does not unbalance the speaker/stand . All in all , I 'm very pleased with the stands . I did not buy them through Amazon - I found them elsewhere online for much less . Regardless , I highly recommend them .
 These look great and were very easy to put together . When folding over the wire cover on the back I was afraid I was going to crease it but looked fine when I was done . Be sure to check your speaker 's footprint before you decide what method to use on the stand top . They are pretty small and you may want to put the pads in a different place based on the bottom of your speaker .
 These stands look nicer that expected . They are perfect to put a bookshelf speaker on so you can position it in the room where you want it . I am very happy with these and would recommend them - the price is great!Sanus Systems NF18C Natural Foundations 18 inch Speaker Stand , Pair , Cherry
 I purchased six of these from Amazon along with four of the double pull outs and a wastebasket pull out . All were well built , strong and -LRB- for the most part -RRB- easy to install . I would caution the homeowner to watch out for the leading edge of the rack closest to the cabinet door . This edge is sharp steel and if the door is not open 90 degrees or more , will gouge the wood . I solved this by gluing strips of felt to the leading edge where it would hit the door but I think the manufacturer should have included rubber bumpers for that location .
 Very well built product . For us , it just holds pots and pans , but I believe it would hold heavier weights . Get the longest basket available . It is very convenient to get Full extension pull outs , otherwise you 're still reaching for things in the background . Realize that if your cabinet is packed to the gills , you will NOT be able to fit everything back into the basket . You lose 1 '' of height , and about an 1 '' on each side . Its still a great product , the criticism is not of the product but of the way it has to be adapted to use .
 This is a well made , fine product . I had to adapt it to fit my needs . It does what it is designed to do and does it well .
 These dishes were perfect for adding a little fun to dinner . They looked even better than the pictures .
 The rose I purchased here for just under $ 40 looked identical to roses I 've seen selling for $ 70 in stores , so it 's a good bargain . I bought the red rose , so I ca n't really comment on the other kinds , but I would imagine they are quite similar.The rose is covered in a thin lacquer , which preserves the rose and makes the colors ridiculously vibrant . I use `` ridiculously '' on purpose , because the colors - in my case , two green leaves and the red bloom - are so bright they look like they were colored with Crayola crayons . The stem itself is gold , and the petals and leaves are trimmed with gold . I 'm assuming it 's real gold from the item description.Contrary to phatso 's review , my rose did NOT smell like nail polish , but the rose is stiff -LRB- I 'd be worried if something dipped in lacquer was n't -RRB- . Also , all the lacquer and gold layers are thin , so the rose wo n't take much careless punishment before something snaps -LRB- again , something I 'm fine with , because a thick layer would ruin the effect of a delicate flower -RRB- . The rose itself comes in a nice little gift box . When the lid is removed , the rose is under a clear plastic that is somewhat suitable for display -LRB- though not fancy in any sense of the word except for the rose under it -RRB- . All in all , this is a great gift for a special lady in your life . As long as you do n't handle it roughly and do n't mind colors so bright they almost look fake , this is an excellent product .
 Girfriend loved it so therefore I liked it . I thought it would break or something but it 's actually very durable . Shines brightly off the sun . Showed a couple of my friend before giving it to her and they liked it as well . Do n't regret buying , cheap compared to other sellers . Recommended .
 First , everyone should exercise a certain amount of caution when making exotic purchases . I have no way of substantiating that what I have is indeed 24k gold , except for manufacturer claims and markings . I can say that since it is very hard and does n't chip , it 's not simply a paint job . That being said , I am very pleased with this purchase.For less than the cost of a dozen roses on Valentines Day , I can instead give a unique and timeless gift to my girlfriend . The packaging is nice
 If you have struggled like I have trying to figure out what to give your significant other after several Valentine 's Days , this is the perfect solution ! Problem is , you can really only give it once . Unless you are going for a full dozen . . hmmm .
 I bought this for our anniversary and my wife loved it . The finish is very good and the gold plating & lining really looks good
 I purchased this gift for a friend of mine who got a great shock when she opened it because of the beauty and details of the rose . Hers was red and loves it . Definitely a keepsake for any one you care about .
 After bring home one red rose each year of marriage each anniversary I decided to just have the one gold tipped red rose symbolic of our fifty years together . It was well received . This could partially due to not having to decide what to do with the anticipated 50 roses but was a real classy way to signify the fifty years and continue the tradition .
 They really looks beautiful . I bought 3 of them in total . All the girls loved it . I gave them out for bday present . I only give 4 stars because I think $ 9.95 for shipping something so light is a total rip off :-LRB- But we are here to review the product , not the shipping cost .
 I bought this for valentines day and i could n't be happier . Not only is the flower beautiful , but the seller is awesome to work with . The estimatation on arrival said that it would arrive anywhere from the 7th to the 17th , and since i needed it by the 14th i contacted the seller immediately after the purchase . I didnt expect a reply back until the next day since it was after normal business hours but the response was immediate and they said that they would ship it ASAP . I recived it well before the 7th and now I ca n't wait to give it to my girlfriend in a cheesey bachlor style cerimony.My one and only complaint would be i did not recive any type of display box like some of the other people who reviewed it said that they did .
 I found this product for 20 dollars less than one advertised on the radio . It makes a nice gift but I was n't very impressed with the box it came in .
 I 've had the machine for a few months now . It is a very good coffee maker . The complaints about the steam and spout are out-dated as the new spout simply eliminates these issues.I 'm a very fussy coffee drinker -LRB- nut -RRB- . I roast my own beans with several different blends . I have tried many electric drip coffee makers and found most to be unusable.To extract the best flavor , coffee makers need a 1200 watt -LRB- mimimum -RRB- heating element , excellent dispersal of the water over the coffee and the water must be just below boiling as it hits the coffee . The proline does all this well.To nit-pick
 I waited a long time to buy this machine , because it is quite a bit more expensive than other household machines . It does n't have a lot of unecessary bells and whistles - but it is extemely well made , very heavy duty and attractive , and it makes great coffee . I really like it .
 My wife and I have always been in search of the `` perfect '' coffee maker . We first started with the simple caraffe variety which involved manually pouring hot water over the grounds in a cone filter . My wife was fine with it , but it drove me insane to have to stand there and continually add water . We then moved to a Bunn . It was good at first and the `` instant '' brew feature -LRB- water sits in a preheated reservoir much like you see in a diner -RRB- was great . However , we moved to a town with hard water and the thing soon choked and died ! Contrary to what I knew , I bought a second , more expensive Bunn . What a mistake . We are `` real '' coffee drinkers . This means that we grind and use a lot of coffee for each pot . The Bunn must have been designed by someone who thinks two scoops of Folgers will make 10 cups of `` strong coffee '' . Result - the brew basket would contantly overflow all over the counter . Needless to say , I found myself - once again - waiting for water to filter through before adding more .2 months ago , I purchased the KitchenAid Pro Brewer along with the Burr Grinder -LRB- fabulous -RRB- ! To date , with 14 heaping scoops of finely-ground Kenyan beans , the brewer has NEVER overflowed . I 've switched to bottled water for coffee only and the results have been astounding.As for the comment by the reviewer regarding the steam buildup , sure it happens and it 's more pronounced because the housing is constructed of all metal . The solution - simply rotate the pot so that the pour spout is to the side , allowing the steam to dissipate in the air -LRB- just like the photograph of the product shows you -RRB- . Sure , I may be partial to KitchenAid since the company is located a few miles from me in SW Michigan , but the bottom line is that I finally got what I paid for .
 A package arrived for my husband and after some subtefuge about it being a computer gizmo thing ; he unpacked this coffee maker . I was estatic since our Mr. Coffee bit the dust for the 3rd time and we are addicted to caffeine . He neglected to mention the price , which would have sent me into a frenzy and perhaps cost him a limb or two.Set it up and enjoyed the first good cup of coffee at home that was n't in a paper cup ! We have been using this machine for almost a year now and I would n't trade it for anything . Even if Starbucks offered to move into my house with on demand coffee 24/7 . Was it worth the cost ? Not sure if there is a compareable model out there for less , but I am satisfied and do not regret the cost .
 I 've had every different drip coffee maker under the sun , and they all fell short of my expectations in one way or the other . I finally decided to splurge on this model , and I could n't be happier . My experience -- unlike that of a previous reviewer -- has been that it can make VERY strong coffee if so desired . I paired this with the Pro Line coffee grinder , and on a factory setting of 5.5 , this makes as strong a coffee as I can imagine wanting . Also , it 's dead simple to operate , makes a full 12 cup pot in under 10 minutes , and thanks to the design , cleanup is a breeze . I could n't be happier . Oh , and it 's built like a tank , so it will probably outlast me .
 If you want a coffee maker that is built like a tank the KitchenAid Pro coffeemaker is a great choice . I have owned the coffee maker for 7 months and am very pleased with it.It brews a great cup of coffee.Despite what some have said the coffee maker is extremely well made and built like a commerical unit -- it weighs over 20 pounds.The manual is well written and the machine is easy to program.It is very quiet and typically takes 6 to 8 minutes to brew depending on how fine you grind your coffee .1 -RRB- If you do buy this machine do get the gold basket filter -- the coffeedoes taste better with it .2 -RRB- Also consider buying the water filter.My only complaint is that the warming plate that the carafe sits on keeps the coffee too hot and it will become rancid if it kept on too long.If you can afford it this is a great machine to have .
 I love this coffee maker . Coffee stays really hot and it is the way it 's supposed to taste . I only have two problems ... and do n't know if anyone else has this ... the `` on '' button sticks and I have to manually return it to upright position and , when pouring , the spout leaks all over . I can overlook those two things for the way the coffee tastes -LRB- the most important thing -RRB- ... however ... it can be annoying .
 If you 're like myself , the 5 a.m. pot of coffee has to be simple.Well designed makers keep it almost idiot proof . This one does a great job.Once you learn that the spout is not `` drip proof '' , you will be happy with this as a purchase .
 I purchased this coffee maker to replace a busted Capresso . It 's a bit pricey for what it does , but it does make good coffee . I was a little dissapointed with all the plastic internals , since from the pictures -LRB- and in person -RRB- it looks very expensive in a cast metal and stainless steel way .
 Do n't listen to those below who complain of the condensation from the carafe . Simply turning the carafe to the left or right just slightly , prevents this problem should it occur -LRB- It never has for me -RRB- . This coffee maker is a great performer making wonderful tasting coffee . It is also easy to clean up and looks sharp on your counter . I strive to buy KitchenAid when purchasing larger counter top appliances because they simply work well and are built to take a long years of use.This product is no exception . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I purchased my ProLine coffee maker from acehardwareoutlet over a year ago and this unit , pared with the KitchenAid ProLine grinder , makes truly outstanding coffee . I roast all of my own coffee beans and am pretty much a coffee snob when it comes to quality coffee . The ProLine brews at the proper temperature -LRB- 200F plus -RRB- and brews a full pot in about 7 or 8 minutes . These are both necessary to extract the best flavors from the coffee beans . The rating may be for 4.5 ounce cups of coffee , but these will probably be the best 4.5 ounce cups of coffee you have ever brewed.Add good quality coffee and good water and that makes the winning combination for the best of the best cup of coffee . The brewer is easy to use , built like a tank , attractive on the countertop . The condensation problem has been solved and the new paint finish will hopefully be more durable than the original paint . If not , KitchenAid will replace the unit , as customer service is as good as this coffee maker.I have owned a lot of different brewers over the years . This is the best coffee brewer I have ever owned or used , hands down .
 Since I am a restaurant chef I bring home coffee filters from the commercial Bunn or any other commercial machine and they fit perfectly in the kitchen aid giving plenty of space for grounds . They are at least an inch taller . Incidentally the commercial size gold filters fit in the kitchen aid as well . I found the original filters too small to make a large pot of coffee . Think about it . 1-2 tbs per cup is the recomended amount . 12 cups could be from 12-24 tbs of coffee or a cup to a cup and a half of ground coffee . It wont fit in the regular size filters without overflowing all over . The commercial filters are sold by the 1000ct and are about 1/10 of the price .
 I have owned at least six other coffee pots and was never satisfied with home made coffee , so Dunkin Donuts was where I would head to on my way to work . I got this coffee pot and I buy Dunkin Donuts coffee and grind it with the Proline Kitchenaid Grinder and it is the best coffee I have ever had . Recently I had a kitchen remodel and the electrician showed up with his cup of coffee in hand from Dunkin Donuts . I asked him later in the day if he wanted a cup of coffee and he was hesitant stating he did not like coffee from home coffee pots . Well , I assured him he would love it . After having my coffee , for the rest of the week he never showed up with his own coffee , actually said , he preferred my coffee . After the job was over , he saw my sister a few weeks later and he mentioned how he missed the coffee I made . This is the best ever , perfect coffee every time and the perfect temperature .
 I really enjoy the coffeemaker . It makes a great cup of coffee . My only reservation is the finish . The paint began crazing after a couple of uses . I am lucky that it tucks in under my cabinets as it is unattractive . If you are looking for a showpiece on your counter , unless they have changed their paint quality , this is not the piece for you .
 Over the last few years I have probably gone through a dozen or so coffee brewers . Not because they keep going out on me rather because I have not been happy with the results . I have two units sitting in my garage right now that still work.To begin with , this unit is very solidly built and looks like it should last for many years . I was getting tired of plastic brewers . The grounds seem to be evenly sprayed with water and the resulting brew is excellent . The large filter basket makes it easy to get the grounds into it and the opening for pouring in water is very convenient . The brew cycle takes just about the 6 minutes they claim and the warmer plate keeps the coffee at just the right temperature . About the only thing I do n't like about it is the plastic carafe handle and top . You would think for this kind of money they could do a bit better.In closing I would like to say that if your idea of fresh coffee is opening another can then do n't bother buying this unit . Nothing is going to make your coffee taste all that good . Just get that Mister Coffee and live with bad coffee . :--RRB- I take my morning coffee seriously and this brewer coupled with the ProLine grinder , and freshly roasted and ground beans make a winning combination .
 I 've had this product for about a year and I agree with most that it makes good coffee . But it has a couple of design issues . My first complaint is about the carafe which leaks water all over the place . I 've ordered replacements several times and they all leak . Finally , in reading one of the reviews here , I learned why . You have to hand wash the carafe . It accumulates water between the wide plastic ring at the top of the carafe and the glass , which then leaks when brewing . This is not a steam issue ... it is the carafe . The second issue is the plastic handle on the stainless steel brew basket . If you hold it by the handle when drying it , over time the handle loosens and then breaks off . Kitchenaid replaced it twice and I now know not to hold it by the handle if any force is being put on the handle such as when drying it . I also hand wash it just to be safe .
 we own other KitchenAid products a mixer and 2 blenders ... we had problem with one of the blenders and called KitchenAid even though it was past the warranty period they offered to replace both which they did at no cost to me ... they also replaced another product for me afew years earlier at no cost ... to me this great service ... my wife enjoys all the products we own by kithcenAid she is the one that use them the most ... we bought the one with the additional warmer she likes that because she can make decaffe and regular coffee when we have people over ... i hope this helps you . .
 Beautiful Waterford bowl at an unbelievable price . Arrived incredibly protected , in excellent condition and sent earlier than projected . VERY satisfied !!!
 It 's really not hard for a container to live up to the task for which it was created . If you can put stuff in it , and that stuff stays in the container under normal use , that is the measure of success . These containers fully succeed at that task.On top of that , they go beyond the call of duty by providing a handy window by which to view the level of the contents , as well as being ridiculously attractive , at least as kitchen containers go.There are flaws in the execution , however . First off , the containers ship with oval `` Steeltek '' decals on the lids , approximately two inches wide . I honestly do n't even know why the decals were necessary , the box states quite clearly who made the containers . Anyway . In the set I received , only one of the three decals removed easily , the other two leaving behind paper and adhesive residue -LRB- and yes , I was careful -RRB- . I had to resort to hand-washing with soap and warm water to remove the gunk , at which point I found the second flaw.The lids screw on to the containers , which is great for keeping contents securely inside ... the problem is that the metal lid itself is not threaded , rather there is a sort of threaded plastic o-ring glued inside the lid . This might not be a problem , but for the fact that water is easily trapped between the lid and the plastic ring ... I could shake what appeared to be a fully dried lid and still hear water sloshing around inside it . On top of that , the o-ring in the smallest container was actually loose -LRB- whether it came that way originally , or whether the warm water and soap loosened it , I do n't know -RRB- . It would stay inside the lid just fine , but it would turn freely , which made screwing the lid onto or off of the container body pretty much impossible . Fortunately , a little epoxy seems to do a good job of holding it securely in place.Overall , these containers do their job well , and they look good doing it . Just be aware that there 's a little more to them than you see in the picture .
 In my quest to store frequently-used cooking foodstuffs , I 've kept bulk grocery items in all sorts of containers . The bags they come in from the store , various reused jars , resealable containers , etc. . There was always something that made reusing containers irritating , either the opening being small for refilling , glass jars were heavy and/or breakable , plastic picks up tastes and smells . Or my least favorite , opening the container to find out you do n't have enough of whatever it was.When I saw this 3-piece canister set , I could n't wait for them to arrive . These are lightweight , have easy open lids and wide mouths for refills , and -LRB- my fave -RRB- windows so you can see not only what is in each container but how much is in the canister . They clean easily and the stainless steel lets you change what you keep in the jar without the next item picking up the taste or smell of the previous foodstuff.I think my kitchen just thanked me ... : - -RRB-
 This reviewer has seen some impressive kitchenware in his time , but none as revolutionary as these incredible 3-Piece Stainless-Steel Canisters with Viewing Window from Steeltek.Cutting to the chase , these canisters will change your life . Not only are they attractively moulded in fashionable , contemporary stainless-steel , their lids are rubber lined to restrict air and moisture entry , ensuring that whatever you choose to store in them stays fresh and dry . The best , and most incredible feature of these magnificent canisters is their Viewing Window . Astounding . You can actually see the contents of the canisters as they sit there on your shelf . You do n't have to take them down to check if it 's time to buy more rice or pasta when you 're off to the shops . Think of the time that 'll save you . Incredible .
 I ordered this item and , unfortunately , it arrived with only 2 canisters . Other than the piece of styrofoam that would have held the smallest canister in place -LRB- had it been there -RRB- there was no sign of a a 3rd canister . The other 2 were very attractive and seemed likely to be functional . I returned it to Amazon straightaway . For an item that cost -LRB- with shipping -RRB- around $ 60 , I ended up with credits to my banking card totalling a little over $ 100 . Despite 2 emails to Amazon customer service trying to give them their money back , each email resulted in an apology and some more money being given to me . Even my sense of right and wrong grew tired of trying to explain the increasingly-complicated errors on Amazon 's part . Thanks Amazon !
 This garlic peeler worked well for me . However , I prefer the `` roll '' type . The only advantage to this one is that the garlic stays in the peeler . It is not easy to clean , I had to turn it inside-out to get all the skins out .
 This seems like the same basic idea as the Zak Designs E-Z-Roll Garlic Peeler , same company , so duh ! But this one is cute in design . It looks as though the cloves will not roll out of the bulb as you are peeling the cloves . The E-Roll looks like the cloves may roll out . This little beauty was also named one of the best products of the year at 2003 Housewares Show , which gives memore reason to want to try it and give it a FULL rating . But speaking as one who has peeled much garlic and had the smell on my hands for days , thiese rollers both seem like one of those `` Why did I not think of that '' ideas .
 Great designs by this company . Purchased as gift for friend . Looks fantastic for dinner parties for serving your guests ! Good size
 This garlic peeler worked well for me . However , I prefer the `` roll '' type . The only advantage to this one is that the garlic stays in the peeler . It is not easy to clean , I had to turn it inside-out to get all the skins out .
 This seems like the same basic idea as the Zak Designs E-Z-Roll Garlic Peeler , same company , so duh ! But this one is cute in design . It looks as though the cloves will not roll out of the bulb as you are peeling the cloves . The E-Roll looks like the cloves may roll out . This little beauty was also named one of the best products of the year at 2003 Housewares Show , which gives memore reason to want to try it and give it a FULL rating . But speaking as one who has peeled much garlic and had the smell on my hands for days , thiese rollers both seem like one of those `` Why did I not think of that '' ideas .
 Just what I was looking for . I 've had this for over a year . Still looks great for everyday use , and it cleans very easily , but I always hand-wash it .
 I was very pleased with this rug . It 's a nice size , well constructed and really cute for my grandson 's bedroom .
 We love there chairs . Just what we wanted and at a great price .
 - The lid is hard to remove if you push it down too far . Just do n't push it down too far -LRB- it will still form a good seal if you do n't -RRB- - Perfect for chilling shots . - Sleek stainless steel . - I was able to pour out through the strainer with minimal dripping .
 Great little shakers at a great price . I do n't have a clue while some folks were complaing about rust . Rinse them out , and/or wash them , and sit them on a strainer or towel overnight and they will not rust .
 The cocktail shaker was the exact gift I needed to give my friend for her party .
 We opened these little bundles of joy early for a Christmas party . My 62 year old room mate was delighted with the thought of having her own cocktail shaker ... and a pretty one too ! Moments later the joy was shattered -LRB- which it often is -RRB- by the slicing of flesh and an ensuing bloodbath followed . Laughing hysterically at this funny but painful folly , i decided to put the top on her cocktail shaker myself . To my utter amazement and sheer surprise i too sliced my finger open ! thank goodness our trusty manservant was on hand to administer bandages and comforting words ! So let this be a warning to you . BE CARFUL THE LIDS ARE SHARP !! A special thank you to Brabinger , the butler . -LRB- There IS a reason why people should not be mixing their own drinks and should rely on a trained professional ! -RRB-
 Good quality , sturdy and a pleasant design . I do n't know about the price , but I felt it was a good deal . My only complaint is that they come with a manufacturer 's sticker on each holder . The sticker is easily removed with water , but still it bugged me to have to go to the trouble of taking it off . Minor complaint , but a complaint nonetheless .
 These napkin holders are simple but functional and elegant . They are easy to clean and fill and go with every kitchen design .
 This is exactly the right tool for cooking almost everything . The coating covers the entire spatula ... there 's no attaching of head to handle ... no places for food to get trapped -LRB- or for the spatula to pull apart , as so many of mine have done in the past -RRB- . I looked everywhere for a spatula that was one solid piece , and this is the only one I 've found.It seriously does n't retain any stains or odors . Makes a perfect omelet .
 the silicone overcoating over the entire spatula is one of the key reasons to buy this spatula . it is easy to use and easy to clean . it does not trap foodstuff as compared with other spatulas .
 I bought one from Amazon that developed cracks in the silicon within a week or two . I do n't think I misused it . Amazon sent me a replacement and this one has held up for over a year with no problems . I do most of my cooking with it ! It 's just a great tool that does n't feel cheap . It has a good heft to it.Good for : scraping , stirring , sliding out that stupid cookie that fell in the bottom of the oven , scrambled eggs , stir fry , etcBad for : scooping , flipping . I love using it for stirring my stir fry , but then I ca n't scoop it out with it !
 I think the cutting boards are fantastic . Each one color-coordinated to a different need . Keeping them all together is great since they take up next-to-no room , and , having them right at hand makes them easy to keep track of . It 's great to go from juicy tomatoes , to chicken , to bread -- all in one meal and no washing in between , because each one is geard toward different uses .
 These will be holiday gifts which I know will come in handy . These are the only type of cutting boards I use now . Very convenient .
 These cutting boards take up no room in storage , are indeed flexible and dishwasher safe ... We highly recommend them . .
 A cutting board is more than just a thin plastic sheet - which is basically what this product is . I do n't think this should be called a cutting board at all - it 's not even a board of any sort . It would be more accurate to call it `` Non-Skid Flexible Cutting Surface '' - and that 's what I would use it for.One of the benefits of a true cutting board is the shock absorption factor . Meaning , when you 're chopping away , the board absorbs the shock rebounds from the chopping - this helps in fatigue and jarring . This plastic surface does not offer that.What this plastic cutting surface does offer though is a light , manueverable , flexible surface that you can cut on , pick it up , and funnel all your ingredients into your bowl/pot/pan . This is the biggest advantage to owning these . I would use it on top of my favorite wood cutting board . Having all the different colors is great for color coordinating . So - in prepping a meal , I will put the green mat onto my wood cutting board , chop all my veggies , pick the mat off the board and set aside . Then I can put my red mat down , chop all my meat , then put aside . Now I have all these mats with all the prepped foods awaiting cooking . This is handy because then I do n't have to dirty a bunch of prep bowls and there 's less chance of cross contamination without having to wash the actual cutting board between changing foods.These mats definitely have its advantages , and I would recommend purchasing them - but I would not call them cutting boards in any manner . So to summarize , here are a list of of their pros and cons : Pros :1 . Color Coordinated2 . Helpful in prepping , coordinating prepped foods , helps to cut down the need of prep bowls .3 . Easy to store , easy to clean , sanitary4 . Great that you can pick it up and funnel foods into bowl/potCons : It 's NOT a cutting board and can not replace a true cutting board . It IS a surface that is easily cleaned and manueverable - so it 's a mat that can be used as an alternative to your cutting board or a surface you can place on top of your regular cutting board to get the best of both worlds .
 really wonderful gadget for those who love to cook . Cutting board is easy to clean , store . It can be funneled to direct food into cook pot . Marvelously handy . One of best kitchen gadgets I have seen -LRB- next to good knives and potato peelers .
 The anti-skid stuff is pretty much useless . I give this product 4 stars because , unlike most similar products , it does n't curl like a sombich . I 've had mine for a good length of time and they 're still flat after over a hundred dish washer cycles .
 The non slip side works pretty well on almost every surface , must be dry . Like the color coding , decent size . The only negative I can see is durability , they are pretty thin and look as though they may wear out .
 Love the functionality - being able to separate for different uses esp . meat and that they flex to enable direct frop into the pan . But mine came off color -LRB- sorta transparent -RRB- at the corners -LRB- and this was n't a deisgn feaure since there was no pattern in all the four sheets -RRB- but still good value - not worth exchanging so I kept them . I guess mine look unique .
 I have two cutting board . One is for un cooked and another is for cooked and ready-to-eat food . It is good to use every day.I have not found any disadvantage yet , except it is thin and can not hold water to flow around it .
 I have two of these and I love them . The are easy to store and easy to wipe clean . They work well when I do n't want to pull out a heavy cutting board but I need something on the counter .
 These sheets are ideal for cutting greens such as Chinese cabbage . Smaller boards or sheets would have the chopped pieces falling off onto the counter . They have dots on the bottom side so these are not two-sided . I 'm not sorry I got them although they come out to $ 2.50 per sheet.P.S . It turns out that Miu France sells 3 sheets for half the price of SiliconeZone 's 4 sheets but the Miu France colors are bright.I 'm using this every day .
 I no longer have to remind anyone to get out a cutting board when they just want to cut a bagel , apple , carrot , or what-have-you . That 's because I keep these mats out on the counters , and the colors are great . The mats do n't get in the way because they 're flat . Easy to clean , and I keep 2 spares in the cupboard so they can rotate . The old cutting boards take up precious space , I 'll probably give them to Goodwill .
 I am totally satisfied with these cutting boards . Advantages
 I purchased these form Amazon in 2005 and we are still using them on a daily basis . They are perfect for all of your cutting needs , and they are thick so they do n't curl up -LRB- like other cutting mats we 've had -RRB- . They make it much easier to add just chopped veggies / meats , into pots on the stove because they are so portable and lightweight.They only bad thing is that they get cut up from being used all the time , but since they are plastic they are easy to wash or throw in the dishwasher to sterilize.A must have for anyone in the kitchen .
 I received exactly what I ordered . The mats have not warped from placing in the dishwasher . They are easy to use and I like the opacity .
 Look at the picture , they are translucent . That means they are thin ... These are great . There are times when you are just going to slice a quick something and do n't want to drag out the heavy cutting board , this is thin enough to leave out or pull out very quickly . I am really happy with these .
 These are just what I was looking for
 I got these on a whim because I was sick of chopping stuff up to put in a pan and dropping bits on the stove . These certainly fix that problem.I think my only complaint about these cutting mats is that I feel like I could slice right through them because I keep my knives super sharp .
 I actually bought these silicone boards to use in my spice closet to stablize my spice jars since I open grid shelving and everything just tips over . I have tried paper shelf liners and they just peel loose . I know that this was not the intended use of these boards , but they are colorful and fit perfectly . They are also easy to wipe clean.I have also used these as cutting boards -LRB- as they are intended -RRB- and they are really nice and easy to clean .
 Have been using this style of cutting boards for the last 7-8 years . My first set of 3 similar boards were getting pretty beat up as of late , so I purchased this 4 pack to replace them . The new boards are an improvement as they are thicker but still flexible , which should keep them from curling , and they have one side that is non-skid so they stay in place while in use . Judging by the way these boards are made , I would guess that they should provide me with no less than 10 years of service before needing to be replaced , as my old ones made it for so long and were of lesser quality.If you use your kitchen regularly and do n't have a set of this type of cutting boards , I would highly recommend that you get a set of these .
 These thin -LRB- .032 of a inch -RRB- made of a high density , very hard Poly Eythelene with a non-skid Silcone back , are convient and more than adequate for most of your cutting needs . Only if cutting spare ribs or such , with a heavy cleaver , would you need a heavier board . When I received them I was put off by their thiness . Actualy this is a advantage , making them easier to use directly on your counter tops , clean , pick up the entire board with your chopped `` whatever '' and put in a bowel . Mine store very conviently on a `` L '' hook on the inside of a cupboard door .
 I use these cutting boards alone and on top of my traditional wood cutting board . These are great for easy cutting , easy distribution of food -LRB- fold into bowls , pans , etc. -RRB- , and easy clean-up . I have had zero problems with these sticking to my counter . The color coding system is also great for remembering which board I use for vegetables , fruits , meat , etc. . Storage is simple as these boards are really thin and slide in almost anywhere .
 The silicone cutting boards are great because they have a non-skid surface on the back that keep them in place while you 're using them for cutting . They are thin and store away easily without taking up much space . Having four of them is handy for multiple cooks in the kitchen . I leave at least one of them out at all times to protect my counter top and to protect my china from shattering if I accidentally hit it against the stone counter top too hard .
 If you watch Alton Brown you will see he uses these less for cutting than for using them as scoops/funnel to add your flour to the kitchen aide mixer . I use them for that and for trimming meat/poutlty - then pop it in the DW to clean/sanitize . They do get a little bit bent after repeated swims in the dishwasher but still work fine
 These are very nice . The large flexible cutting boards make it very easy to pour your chopped veggies or meat . Make sure you cut on the correct side . One side is softer and sticky . The other , the cutting side , is hard and slick . You will scar the cutting board but that should n't hurt .
 I have n't done very extensive testing yet , but so far I 've not been impressed by the flexibility of these cutting boards . They 're slim and perfect for my small kitchen , but I ca n't roll them up to store them . They do have enough give to pour your items into a pot or skillet but not much beyond that.For the price though , these cutting boards have been worth it . I 'll update after we 've put it through its paces a little more.eta
 I think I 've pretty much done my whole review in writing the title . You get FOUR cutting sheets for around several dollars each . The cutting sheets are extremely durable - unable to be cut through unless a concerted or intentional effort is made . They come in four colors - RED for Meat , GREEN for Vegetables , ORANGE for Poultry , and BLUE for Fish.And since they are color coded . '' And the set of different colors means you know which has been used so you do n't have to wash it everytime , since you 'll remember if it 's clean or not.One side on each sheet is `` rubberized / siliconed '' backed so it does n't slide around on the counter . A good thing . A bit confusing though - on the instructions it states `` The sheets should be HAND WASHED with NON ABRASIVE CLEANSER '' . But here 's a pleasant suprise since so many kitchen items now ca n't be - IN THE SAME INSTRUCTIONS IT STATES - `` THESE ARE DISHWASHER SAFE '' . Which -LRB- IF ACCURATE -RRB- makes me feel better that the set can get REALLY sanitized in the dishwasher ! Each sheet is 11 X 15 , a good usable size for ALL of the items I use a traditional cutting board for . You can fold them and put cut up food into pots without losing alot like solid boards . And roll them up for storage in a kitchen drawer or when picnicking , etcI 'm happy with this purchase . It is an excellent value on a well designed and made product . And it 's a kitchen item I 've been looking to get when I found the `` RIGHT '' combination of value , that is well designed and well made . Here it is ! Finally found it!A happy HOME CHEF!John Row
 I have purchased a total of 5 sets of these mats and up until my last purchase in December 2003 was blissfully happy . I love this product and I use them all the time.However the last set I bought for my Mom was defective and when I attempted to contact customer service - I did n't get any help . I finally talked to someone who assisted me and promised a replacement set was `` on the way . '' However 4 months later I have n't gotten it and the message on their 800 customer service line is that they are closed indefinitely . Ahhhh !
 I was looking for a flexible cutting board that I could pick up , bend , and dump my chopped whatever into the pan . These boards deliver with one small challenge
 Overall , I 'm really happy with the cutting boards . The non-skid backing works great on the countertops . The only thing that I do n't like ishow my knives have left marks on the board . I do n't think I 'll cut through the boards , they seem pretty tough . But now they do n't look as nice as when I first bought them .
 Since I had time on my hands , I visited the SiliconeZone web site . It was well designed and fascinating , especially the history of the company . In order to test customer service , I expressed the above customer 's concerns and asked what the outcome would -LRB- should -RRB- be . Within a day , I receved the following email -LRB- excerpt -RRB- : `` Since we do not usually issue returns directly to the consumer , it is Amazon that is not responding to this customer . Our policy is to work with the retailer when they report a problem to us . The retailer we hope will have assisted the consumer with whatever issue they may have with the product . We then issue a credit to the retailer or a replacement product depending upon the retailer request.We do not have a toll free number , but the retailer know -LRB- s -RRB- how to reach us and we are extremely responsive to their requests . `` A few days later , I received another email from SiliconeZone : `` Generally , we ask the customer to return -LRB- it to -RRB- the point of purchase since the financial transaction happens between the consumer and the retailer . They -LRB- The retailer -RRB- should take back the product or exchange it . If not -LRB- exchanged -RRB- , they -LRB- the customer -RRB- can send the product to us for replacement ; however , we need proof of defect -LRB- the product back -RRB- . We do not have an 800 number yet , but we are working on it.Happy Holidays , Michael KaryoCEO , SiliconeZone `` I think this is just awesome ! How many times have you seen a customer service response from the CEO of the company ?!? And this , over a $ 10 item!I received these yesterday and think they are perfect . They are made in China and you will want to get some ` Ronsonol ' to clean the tape backing from them before use . Due to lack of space , I placed one on an old -LRB- unsanitary -RRB- , over-the-sink , wooden cutting board . This took care of providing a ` cushioned ' surface -LRB- a complaint another reviewer raised -RRB- . Using my heavy chef 's knife -LRB- Think ` Psycho ' ! -RRB- , I chopped up some carrots , celery and onions -LRB- using the pale green cutting mat -RRB- and had no problems with wear.These cutting mats are stiff and not at all like the SiliconeZone silicone baking sheet , so they do not ` roll up ' , as the baking sheet does . Because they are flexible , they can be bent comfortably to carry the chopped results to the cooking vessel with no muss or fuss.All-in-all , I do n't know how a reviewer can give these any less than 5-Stars . For price , quality , ease-of-use , and variety , this set is without peer!Thank you Amazon and SiliconeZone ! 02/02/06 Update
 I got these boards because I was setting up a kitchen and knew I wanted multiple boards , but did n't want thick ones . These boards are great.-The colors are helpful for distinguishing between the different uses . I can pull out the red one any time I deal with meat , then toss it into the dishwasher and move on to vegetables without worrying about transfer of bacteria.-The silicone is a nice material for the kitchen , and the thin boards are flexible enough to facilitate dumping chopped food into pans.-The non-slip bottoms are a great idea -- who wants to use a knife on a shifting surface . They are also well-executed in that they really do n't seem to slip.-I 've used mine as trivets of a sort -- they seem to take heat well while protecting my table or countertops .
 Update
 The Item is exactly as described and what I wanted . It arrived in good time . The person I gave it to was very much excited and appreciated the gift .
 Easy to grab and store . These thin cutting boards are great in the kitchen .
 I teach cooking classes to children and these have quickly become my favorite mats . They do not slip , are easy to clean , and the variety of colors makes a nice presentation to the room when my students walk in.There are other versions out there at retail stores like Bed , Bath & ... They are not the non-skid version and sell for the same price.Take the extra time and order these !
 These cutting boards , being flexible and flat , are easy to store anywhere and are easy to wash . I find that they do skid a little bit but it is n't a major problem . The colours add a nice change to the usual wooden boards or white plastic boards .
 They are quite nice , however they do have a tendency to curl a bit in the dish washer , but as long as you put something bigger behind it , it does n't curl much . They are easy to curl back by hand when they need to be used though.I would certainly buy more of these in the future and recommend it to others .
 These are the best counter top mats , so durable , so pretty and easy cleaning . Best I ever used . Love the colors
 No complaints . The cutting boards are easy to handle and work with . Great addition to my kitchen .
 different colored mats help our family not mix up meat mats with veggie ones . Non slip grip is great too .
 They appear and are very durable . Distinctive colors help in deciding for what they are to cut . Size is just right to do most normal kitchen jobs . Good product .
 CHEAP , FREE SHIPPING , TAKE UP VERY LITTLE SPACE -LRB- they slide in anywhere -RRB- , DISHWASHER SAFE . I use these every day !
 Since buying these boards , I 've used them many times . Just one example
 I 've placed a second order because we use these so much . I also cut 3 out of 4 in half in order to save counter space while I 'm preparing meals . So , it 's actually like getting 7 cutting boards with each order . They also take up virtually no room in the dishwasher vs. your traditional cutting board . You will still need a heavy wood cutting board for certain meals , but for everyday tasks like cutting fruit or vegetables , these are unbeatable .
 I have these and another brand and I love them all . I do n't really use the color coding idea , but they are so handy when cooking a meal . Makes for fast clean up . chop veggies on one , drop it in the sink and cut meat on another . I have wooden cutting boards that I cover with these . I do n't like to cut meat on wood as it 's so hard to disinfect . They clean up in a snap in hot sudsy water . They do n't fit in my dishwasher but cleanup is so easy it does n't bother me . nothing sticks to them . Most of these I 've found have a rough side and smooth side . use them rough side down to hold better . I 've given several sets as gifts and they love them too . This is by far the best price I 've found for these and similar items .
 My husband got these as a gift from our grandchildren . He knew he wanted some , but had no idea how great they really are until he actually used them . Wow ! Now we are giving them as gifts ! The non-skid feature is a plus . Very safe , flexible , easy to handle , wash like a dream . What more can I say ?
 I love these mats . They are a great value and make food preparation easier . I can chop different ingredients and simply move them off to the side , board and all . This means I dirty fewer dishes as I do n't have to move my food into bowls to make room on the cutting board.Yes , I am careful when I am using my good knives not to get too enthuiastic and damage either my knives or my counter . I have put these silicone mats on my wooden cutting board in the past and that seems to work fine , providing cushioning for the knives and protection for my countertops . I use these mats often , they wash great in the dishwasher and have held up very well with about 6 weeks of almost daily use.They have slight markings from use but they are cutting surfaces so that is not surprising .
 They 're holding up great to almost every day use and dishwasher-ing . The hardest part is getting my entire family to use the color coded system . -LRB- I took a permanent marker and wrote , M , P , V and F on the bottom . -RRB-
 I also assumed these were Silicone , which they are not . They are still a nice product and I have purchased several more for Chistmas gifts . Like another review mentioned , they are best used placed over your wood cutting board . They also save time when you need to cut different things and have 4 different boards available .
 These mats work very well ... but lets be reasonable . They are not indestructable . If they were any harder they would prob dull your knives ... and they would get negative reviews . Just use a bit of common sense ... people : -RRB-
 I 'm very happy with my boards . They are easy to use , clean , and stored . As for the person who said they fell apart , that remains to be seen . I 'll update later .
 I am not sure how I got along without these . The fact that they fit into the dishwasher is a huge selling point . The color coding for food type is simple , yet brilliant . The non-skid feature is an excellent addition to an already perfect product.If you love to cook or just want a better way to chop and drop , this is the best cooking product I 've found in years . Get yourself a good quality Santoku knife and you 're set .
 I searched all over before deciding on these -- no regrets . Just the right size for my needs and dishwasher safe .
 And more useful than just for cutting . I use these for rolling out pie crust on . I find that the crust , after being rolled , is much easier to separate from the thin cutting board than from the counter .
 Very great ! so useful , Ive had mine for about two years , they are barely starting to get a few slits in them but still have a lot of use to go ! I love them !
 Bought these in 2006 . They have been used consistently , have also been dish washed . They do eventually cut or break and I 'm down to my last one . Not bad at all .
 I like the fact that these cutting boards are flat instead of raised . They are light and bendable making it easy to transport and funnel food to the cooking pot . Nice that they are color-coded for different foods but I just throw them in the dishwasher and keep them lined up for the next chopping duty using whichever color . They have survived the dishwasher many times . Just be careful when chopping because these Cutting boards can be cut through and nicked up if you cut too hard through the food , but better them than your counter . Non-skid works as long as the counter is n't wet before you put cutting board down on it .
 They are so thin , they take up virtually no space in the dishwasher . They do not absorb liquids or odors . Even the sharpest knives leave only minor marks in the surface . You can fold them to easily transport food and direct it into bowls and pans . In addition , the back side is texured to prevent slipping on the countertop . Nice addition to the kitchen .
 These are now my favorite cutting boards . You can separate the various things you want to cut and they clean up quickly in the sink or dishwasher . They lie flat so you can use them on any surface and the surface is protected.Thumbs up for these .
 These are a great deal - after a year , however , the non-skid markings on the bottom have begun to peel off and it 's sometimes hard to tell which is the cutting side . These are great for camping , and great for gifts !
 The boards work well on the counter top . The thing that keeps them from getting 5 stars is they will quickly have scratches from knife marks , but they do n't seem to be a problem . They do well in the dish washer even with high temp scrub washing . However , do n't confuse them for a Silicone baking mat and put them in a 400 degree oven like my wife did ! One of ours melted like crazy and shrunk into a gooey ball . Luckily , it peeled right off the pan when it cooled .
 Please disregard the spotlight review that claims these are not real silcione . They are . Further , they are made of FDA-approved , food-grade silicone . The boards are inexpensive and very convenient.I have a set and use them not just for cutting but also as food prep mats . I lay one down on the counter when I want a clean , fresh preparation surface . I even use them roll out biscuit dough and to knead bread on . They 're just the right size.They do hold up well with continued use and I 've yet to manage to totally destroy one . They do accumulate some nicks and blemishes over time , but for the price , you ca n't beat these !
 I 've had 2 sets of these simple but marvelous mats so far , not only the handiest thing I 've bought for my kitchen , but friends keep talking me into giving them one . I only need one or two but one is always on my countertop for various uses the past few years.I 'm a senior lady and disabled , and my time standing in the kitchen is limited so I hate cleaning up messes , picking up dropped stuff on the floor , sterilizing unweildy wood or plastic cutting boards . Mainly love the ease of chopping or slicing vegies on it , folding it over like a funnel and dumping right into a salad bowl or a pan with NO SPILLS , or vegies onto another ca n't do without item , faithful George Foreman Grill , beside my meat entree . Top down , vegies and meat dinner in 4 minutes.So simple to just put under the faucet and run hot water over it , or wipe with a little bleach on a sponge . Very few knife marks on mine , but I do n't like super sharp knives , and if I seldom have to cut meat I use a scissors and wax paper on the mat to then wrap and freeze pieces . I buy boneless skinless chicken or pork or sirloin chops . The grill gets a once over with a damp paper towel . So simple and time saver , not like cuts on a wooden board which is most unsanitary.Beyond a slicing surface , great for placing cannisters on to fill with coffee or sugar , salt shakers , or stuff I seem to always have to spill some , shakey hands at 70 . Just roll it up , shake in the trash or sink disposal , rinse if necessary and reuse , keeps counter clean and free of stains . I put hot or cold things on it to protect the formica , made a few stains with coffee but cleans with bleach ok , not ruining my counter top . They wear well but at the price , and the work they save they can be tossed for another new one . Best features are flexible enough to roll and empty , easy cleanup forget the broom , and no storage problem in my cramped space - stack them on the counter and peel top one off for next job.Besides these mats and the elec non stick grill , my micro rice steamer is the third CDW to make food preparation easier than ever in my life . If I spill dry rice filling it , roll and dump in the cooker . I am not kitchen friendly , want to spend as little time on my feet as possible , hate to cook , hate cleaning up , dinner in 6 minutes and I 'm done.So glad to see these are on the web , had a hard time finding more in stores when I want to gift someone . If you want the job done clean and fast , tired of bending picking up rollaway strays off the floor -LRB- or always between stove and counter narrow space -RRB- buy these for a staple in a kitchen , especially for seniors - I 've no dishwasher nor disposal I might add . Why in the world would one need a cutting board heat resistant ? not for oven or stovetop use . For glue guns and crafts which I also do , put a piece of wax paper over your extra mat if you want to protect a table top , I use one on my desk and serves as a coaster too . I did n't even know about the silicone part , who cares.Just ca n't rave enough over these . Saves work , saves time .
 I love these cutting boards . They are easy to use and easier to store . They also have a backing that keeps them from sliding . I use them on a daily basis . I would recommend them to all my friends , and I have .
 Since buying these boards , I 've used them many times . Just one example
 The yogurt maker is a very good product , and very fast in 4 -5 hours you have 2 quarts ready for consumption , the yogurt is firm and sour if you are lactose intolerant you can subtitute cow milk with soymilk but if you just want to have something different like organic milk , goat 's milk etc your imagination is the limit . For my grandchild I mix in his favorite fresh fruit . And I take my cereal with yogurt ; I only make one batch per 2 weeks , before I had to make it every week . Easy to operate and clean.Veronica Enriquez
 I LOVE my Yogourmet yogurt maker !! I use it on a weekly basis and it 's so easy that I can pretty much do it in my sleep . The larger container is better for me since I make so much of it due to being on the SCD diet . I ca n't say enough about it . If you 're thinking of getting one , do n't hesitate .
 I use it at least twice a week . The yogurt foams thick and firm if I boil the milk to a thicker consistancey rather than add milk powder . I also made a batch with starter from the yogurt itself that result was semi thick but usable.I am very happy with this machine it performs well in winter too .
 I followed the directions in booklet which are very minimal , but sufficient . After checking online , I learned that adding 1/2 cup of dry milk to milk before boiling and instead of using a &#34; starter kit &#34; , I used 5 Tablespoons of Stoneyfield Farm plain yogurt that has six live cultures in it -LRB- mixed with a little cooled milk then added to rest of milk -RRB- . I let it incubate for 5 hours and it was nice and thick.Would be nice it they included a few recipes .
 I made my first batch last weekend . It was easy and came out great . The yogurt tastes delicious too . The lid did not pop off , and I checked the water temp with the included thermometer and it was perfect temp , right in the green part of the thermometer . So glad I purchased this . I got mine from Lucy 's Kitchen Shop -LRB- lucyskitchenshop.com -RRB- as I wanted to support a business that sells products specifically for folks on the SCD diet .
 I love this yogurt maker ! The instructions are clear and easy , and since it comes with a thermometer , all you need to get started is a pot , some milk , and existing yogurt . I 've been using whole milk and greek yogurt as starter , and I 'm consistently getting really delicious , thick creamy yogurt . It comes with a cheese cloth , so I also make my own cheese spread with half of each batch , since one gallon of milk makes more yogurt than I can eat in two weeks . To make the cheese , I just put a few scoops of the yogurt in the cloth bag that comes with it , and hang it in the refrigerator over a bowl . The next day , just add some spices and you 're done . It feels so much healthier than buying processed cheese and yogurt .
 This sleek , well made gadget can make two quarts of yogurt in six hours , period!There are no buttons , no switches - only an indicator light to show that it is plugged in ! Good instructions are included.There are two notches in the bottom of the outer jar to show how much water to fill - these are calibrated so well , I was surprised that there was no trial and error , or water overflowing on my kitchen counter at all.The included thermometer is well designed . A clip lets you attach the thermometer to the edge of the vessel in which you heat the milk -LRB- this saucepan is not included :-RRB- . It can stay there throughout the process . The height of the thermometer can be adjusted to avoid touching the bottom while heating on the stove ! Just squeeze the metal clip together , and you can move the thermometer up and down . The scale is in both C and F , that is good because you know when to stop , at about 80C , before the milk will boil over -LRB- watch it very carefully ! -RRB- . A green mark on the scale shows when the milk is cool enough to pour in and start the fermentation.The package includes a pack of starter powder . So , you dont have to order it separately like I did . You can always use some of the remaining yogurt to make the powder last longer.The yogurt has good consistency , tastes very rich.Overall a very good experience !
 This is a product that is fool proof . Both the brand name starter as well as store bought container yogurt starters work well . I am still in the experimental stage and the process is so easy . The unit keeps the culture at the right temperature and so far all the batches have turned out well.The only reservation I have is when taking the jar out ... . be very careful . The lid loosens because of the pressure and the only way to grab the jar is by grasping the sides with your fingers otherwise ... major spill -LRB- yes , it happened to me -RRB- . I highly recommend this unit because of the ease and maintenance free operation
 Electric Yogurt Maker 2 Quarts This yogurt maker solves the problem of heat distribution I have found with every other maker I have tried . Because the container of yogurt is surrounded by water , heat does n't come just from the bottom yielding an overcooked bottom and a runny top.I am still experimenting with formulae . Here 's a one quart recipe that works quite well
 Yogurt Maker met all my expectations . So easy to make Yogurt !!! So easy to clean the Maker !! I now do not know why it took me so long to purchase the Yogurt maker . The Yogurt is SO Wonderful !!!
 It makes great yogurt just as it is suppose to , if I leave a batch in for longer than 6 hours I leave the lid so that it is n't on tight to let some heat out , this prevents the over heating that you see in other reviews . I love being able to make an store on large container rather than messing around with little ones . I have the little jars and when I want to take some to work I just spoon it out into the jar . I am very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone thinking about a large quantity yogurt maker .
 This appliance makes it easy to prepare excellent yogurt every time.To create infinite batches of yogurt the starter must contain live cultures of Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus . This could be commercial plain yogurt such asFage Total Greek Yogurt , 7oz , or a prior , frozen , home-made batch . The powderYogourmet Freeze Dried Yogurt Starter , 3-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- makes excellent yogurt , but the resulting yogurt is not reusable as a starter for another batch . When using frozen home-made yogurt as a starter , thaw it entirely in the fridge , or in a warm water bath right before using it . Do not heat it to thaw it out and do n't use it frozen . Use it chilled as if it were fresh.To make two quarts of creamy , full-bodied yogurt in the Yogourmet appliance : - Heat half a gallon of whole milk in a slow cooker at high temperature until the milk reaches 180 degrees F -LRB- from 2 to 2.5 hours . -RRB- The milk will not boil-over if your slow cooker is like most . Stir the curd at the top into the milk to get an accurate temperature reading.-Turn off the slow cooker . Let the milk cool down to 111-113 degrees F -LRB- 44-45 C -RRB- . Two quarts could take up to 1.5 hours to cool down depending on the temperature of the environment.-Pour 12oz lukewarm water to the high mark in the outer container of the Yogourmet appliance . Plug the appliance and the red light will come on.-Pour the warm milk into the removable inner batch jar of the Yogourmet appliance.-When the milk has cooled down to 111-113 degrees F -LRB- 44-45 C -RRB- , take 5-6 TB of the warm milk and pour it into a small container.-Stir in the starter -LRB- 8 TB = 1/2 cup yogurt or 10 grams powder -RRB- . - Pour it back into the warm milk in the removable inner batch jar . Blend well with a whisk.-Cover the removable inner batch jar with its lid.-Slip the removable inner batch jar into the Yogourmet appliance that contains the 12 ounces of water . Cover the appliance.-The appliance will keep the milk warm at the correct temperature.-Remove in 5-9 hours according to firmness desired . Do n't disturb the yogurt.-Take the covered batch jar out of the appliance without disturbing the yogurt and refrigerate it for eight hours.-Yogurt will be ready to eat in 8 hours.-Freeze 8 TB -LRB- 1/2 cup -RRB- to serve as starter for another two quarts of yogurt . Always leave one-inch headroom when freezing a glass bottle to avoid breaking it.-Optional
 My family eats a lot of yogurt so when we decide to buy a yogurt machine to make our own , I did a lot of research . It was amazing how many reviews are written by people who bought a product and had n't even put it to the test . I picked the Yogourmet for three main reasons :1 -RRB- the large batch size2 -RRB- easy to operate3 -RRB- the fact that you can leave it in as long as you want -LSB- you really want it to `` cook '' up tp 24 hours to get the most health benifits -RSB- Well , we 've put this little machine to the test and believe me , it works great ! I even bought a second container so I can keep it going around the clock -LSB- one in the fridge and one going in the machine -RSB- We 've never had a `` failed '' batch ! Maybe twice it was a little runny , but you can always strain off some of the whey , that 's the watery suff when your yogurt seperates , in the cheese bag that comes with this machine , or a coffee filter works good too . But do n't throw it out , you can use it in smoothies and soups , very nutricious ! And speaking of cheese bag , if you put some yogourt into the bag and hang it overnight , it will be like a soft cream cheese . great for dips and spreads.The only complaints I 've read were the lid does n't seal tight and can pop off if you pick it up by the lid . Since I knew this in advance , I 've never had a problem . I just do n't pick it up by the lid . And it you do n't like the idea of using plastic , I have a friend who uses a quart canning jar inside her machine and it wokes just fine.This is a great little machine and well worth the price . I highly recommend it . We even gave some out as Christmas presents .
 I 've had a lot of yogurt makers over the years but this is the best one I 've found . I mix two cups of Nestle Nido Instant Dry Whole Milk -LRB- available at Amazon item B001QTP9SC -RRB- with two cups of dry skim milk in a blender then put in a couple tablespoons of yogurt and then blend it once more very quickly as not to kill the culture then pour it into the container , fill to about a 3/4 inch from the top with additional water and leave it for 12 hours . I 'm never had a bad batch . I mix it with Smucker 's Simply Fruit -LRB- strawberry -RRB- . It 's only sweetened with fruit juice -LRB- no added sugar -RRB- . I just wish they offered a glass container -LRB- BPA 's -RRB- . I might try to find something that fits.Update
 It saves us a LOT of money -LRB- 75 % by my reckoning -RRB- and it produces very tasty yogurt from 2 % milk . Make the yogurt -LRB- 4 hours exactly -RRB- and immediatly transfer to refridgerator -LRB- this firms it up perfectly for use next day -RRB- .
 Fantastic yogurt maker . I wanted a yogurt maker that could make large quantities at one time . The water bath method really makes a difference in the quality of yogurt versus heat only .
 This yogourt maker is easy to use and makes a creamy , yummy product in only 4 hours . Comes with instructions for fool proof yogourt . I love it .
 This yogurt maker is great . It is easy to use and makes delicious yogurt in a day . It also comes with a cloth bag so you can make Greek style yogurt and cream cheese ! We use it all the time .
 I am so happy I purchased this Yogurt maker . I have been making yogurt for years in all sorts of ways . Coolers , heating pads warm oven ... This is just so compact and easy ! Not to mention the tub goes straight to the fridge , so convenient . This came with everything I needed except of course the milk and starter . Just a great product that will get lots of use .
 This incubator has saved my family a good deal of money each month on yogurt . I have also learned through trial and error , the milk you use makes a HUGE difference .
 I like the product , the only con is that its expensive and i am not sure why we are paying so high for this archaic technology . But i like the big jar .
 Very well made . This is an easy to use item that makes great yogurt . The thermometer was unexpected and is a nice touch .
 Works great and the yogurt is delicious and fresh . Nothing tastes better than home made . Easy to use and clean
 Perfect batch everytime . Enough for my family of 5 for about 2 weeks . So much quicker at 4.5 hours than other things on the market .
 I would totally recommend this product , I think the double wall container makes the difference and it makes wonderful yoghurt , much tastier than the commercial product .
 I plan on buying another one in January after I pay off my Christmas present bills . I am annoyed with one thing . I tried to take it a part to try to repair it . But they use screws with a square shape instead of phillips or star . I 've been able to `` break '' two of the three screws loose . Ca n't break the third one . Anyway even if I could get the last screw loose , I ca n't find any way that it comes apart.Any way , It gave me good service for all those years . Always got good yogurt using non-fat milk with a cup of non-fat powdered milk added to the mix.Obviously , I would recommend this to everyone .
 I 've purchased 3 of these so far - one for me and two for gifts . LOVE the product . It 's easy to use , easy to clean and makes the best yogurt ! Only downside - it needs to include a better thermometer -LRB- difficult to read the dial accurately and does n't last long -RRB- . I 've purchased their replacement twice and finally ended up buying a better quality digital thermometer via Williams and Sonoma . Other than that , I 'd highly recommend this product .
 I have goats and Jersey cows so I go through a LOT of milk . I use this for yogurt and sour cream , and it does a great job . I like that I can make 2 qts at a time and flavor my servings the way I want . The containers are also great for ice cream .
 Love it . Makes great yogurt but the amount is the bonus . I strain my yogurt to make Greek-style so of course you lose volume . I eat plain every day but I also use to make ` sour cream ' , frozen yogurt and in anything I can . Saves me from making two or more batches a week -LRB- smaller machines -RRB- . Would recommend to anyone who loves fresh , home-made yogurt .
 Recently purchased our second Yogourmet Electric Yogurt Maker . My son requires a special diet for medical reasons and this yogurt maker has allowed him to make his own organic yogurt and eliminate the lactose to which he is intolerant . This second maker will be a backup to the primary maker . We can also make batches in tandem . My son eats yogurt as his main source of protein every single day ; in protein sources he is limited to fish and yogurt.Warnings about making your own yogurt
 I thought making your own yogurt would be very difficult . This makes it so easy !! Absolutely glad I bought this .
 I researched yogurt makers before ordering this one . I love it ! It is all it was said to be . My son and I are on the SCD diet and add yogurt to much of our menu , so I am making it constantly . There was even a warning in the box that if you are using for SCD yogurt , you will need to watch the temperature . They were right , I do and it all works wonderfully !!
 I 've owned this model for about 7 months and make yogurt weekly . Prior to buying this appliance , I had never made yogurt . I wanted to have plenty of yogurt on hand and was tired of buying the large plastic containers . It was a wonderful surprise to find that it 's so easy to make and turns out perfect every time , including the first . I taught my daughter to make yogurt when she was here recently and she was thrilled. , Now we 've ordered one for her . I learned to heat the milk in a stainless steel bowl over a pot of water and it 's very efficient , easy to clean up , etc. . I 'm thrilled with this product ! Our whole family and our friends are pleased , too ! : -RRB-
 Back in the 80s the only yogurt maker I could find that made 1/2 gal . at a time was called Big Batch . It was great but eventually broke . I have not found one since then for that size until this one and it is as good a unit as Big Batch . Really fresh tasting and not too sour.I was spending at least $ 9 a month on yogurt . Now it 's costing me less that $ 3 for the same amount of yogurt.I was concerned the yogurt may not be thick enough , but following the simple directions and using 1/2 Cup of pure store bought yogurtas a starter , -LSB- I think the directions call for 1 or 2 TBS but I just go with 1/2 C -RSB- after about 4 1/2 hours , it is definitely thick . 4 hours could work and 5 hours may produce even thicker yogurt but I do n't know.I have a plastic funnel that I kept from the 80s , that is used to drain the whey to make a super thick yogurt . I mix it using a 1 to 1 ratio with sour cream . It tastes 99 % as good as sour cream and it is 50 % healthier.The yogurt starter I use is from Walmart and it has L-acidophiles bacteria . I 've read that the L-Bulgarious bacteria is better , so I may get to a health store and find some of that to use.It will cost more but I plan to use organic raw milk soon . It should be heated very slowly to 180 degrees .
 I have just started making homemade yogurt , and I used the directions given with the maker , and it worked perfectly . However , I knew that I wanted thick , creamy yogurt , so I used organic , whole milk , and gelatin . It still was n't quite as thick as I had hoped .
 Now that I have had a chance to use this multiple times , I can say it works fine . You can vary milk type , starter type , and bath time to change taste and consistency . I keep a log -- it 's fun .
 this is an incubator and not much more . It works and I 've enjoyed using it to make loads of yogurt at a time .
 I had never made homemade yogurt before , I love yogurt , but had to stop eating it due to lactose intolerance . Now , I make it from lactose free milk . The only thing , I do not like so far , is that it is supposed to make yogurt from soy milk , so far , I have not been able to do that . I am still trying variations though . So , if you like homemade yogurt , or any yogurt , and have a little patience , get this machine , its a great hobby , and very healthy.Rod .
 This was a gift that was bragged about so much that I just ordered one for myself today !
 I purchased the Yogourmet yogurt maker to make the 24 hour yogurt for the specific carbohydrate diet . So far so good , have make several batches of yogurt . it works well and it easy to use . I would suggest using at least 1 or 2 % milk , when i use skim milk it comes out w / a lot of liquid but that may be due to having to ferment the yogurt for 24 hours . I am using Fage total greek yogurt or dannon plain yogurt as starter culture , but am planning to get a dried yogurt culture starter b/c i heard it yeilds best results . I especially like the cheesecloth , the yogurt cheese -LRB- dripped yogurt -RRB- is great and very versitile .
 Makes a LOT of yogurt . Wish it came with starter culture . For a single person , it 's enough yogurt for the month .
 After reading many reviews about different yogurt makers I settled with this one because of the ease of the 2 quart container . Really easy to make yogurt in four hours . I am buying one for my mom as a gift .
 I thought it worked really well . Was easy to use . Was n't crazy about the thermometer . And as always Amazon shipped it out with no problems at all .
 My first batch used soy milk and it did n't turn out . Stunk bad and did n't thicken . If you use milk powder it is supposed to help.Used whole milk the 2nd time and it turned out . I heated 2 quarts of milk in the microwave . Three 5 minute intervals and stirred after each interval ... I 'm not sure if this step is really necessary but they say it is for purity . Reached 160 degrees ... supposed to be 180 but I called it good.After cooling -LRB- 40 min -RRB- , used yogurt maker for 4 1/2 hours . It turned out sour and good but it is plain yogurt . I did use a starter that I bought in a health food store for $ 5.00 . You get 3 starters to make 2 quarts each . As an update I can not find this any longer , I 've been using the Danon Greek yogurt as starter and it is very good.All in all it 's okay . It is work like any other kitchen appliance but it has potential . I 've discovered 1 % milk works great with a little gelatin.A perfect product would be you dump everything in a container and it comes out as strawberry yogurt!Also I think a con is the price . Did n't even come with the starter . A crock pot has a lot more involved and half the price . As an update , I 've never used a crock for making yogurt , I just meant there is more to a crockpot appliance and 1/2 the priceUpdate
 This is the best product I could ask for . This one I bought for my Mom and she is really happy with . I have experimented with powdered milk , powdered soymilk , regular and a mix of both . I have never had a problem . I like mine thick so I use the knox unflavored geletin
 This yogurt maker is awesome . It lost one star only because it 's a little splashy sometimes removing the yogurt from the resevoir . But the final product is great . Get one now ! Now !
 Personally I much prefer the non electric Yogotherm Yogurt Incubator from Lehmans.com which is slighly more in price . Its non electric , and I have own two of these makers , -LRB- had to buy a new one a couple years ago when we misplaced the first one while moving -RRB- . But Yogourmet is a name you can trust , so if you feel you need an electric yogurt maker this is a good choice . Much better than the single serving yogurt makers on the market . Especially if you eat a lot of yogurt or homemade yogurt cream cheese .
 I made yogart with this only using dry milk . great way to use up food storage of dry milk .
 Esta nota es para las personas de habla espa & ntilde ; ol.Yo compre este equipo porque me gusta mucho el yogourt , el sistema es insuperable , es muy sencillo , yo lo dejo mas del tiempo que dicen las instrucciones , aunque te dice para mas consistencia dejarlo mas tiempo , yo lo dejo aproximadamente de 12 a 14 horas en la maquina.No se asusten si la tapa de dentro donde va la leche con la la bacteria se destapa eso sucede despues de muchas horas lo que yo hago es sacarlo nuevamente cerrarlo nuevamente y volverlo a poner tambien se puede levantar la tapa de afuera cuando se abre la de dentro y se vuelve a tapar.cuando eso sucede se siente un ruido cuando se aprende a conocer el ruido no te asustas mas.lo que yo hago siempre lo pongo con la cantidad de agua que indican las intrucciones para seguir bien ese paso.tiene un acido excelente el yogourt y la calidad es deliciosa.que lo disfruten los que lo compren .
 I enjoyed making yogurt both Greek and plain with some herbs.Very easy , great taste and less that buying pre-made in store .
 This thing is fantastic . It is not a magic yogurt making genie , and there are a few steps to doing it correctly , but it works fantastic ! Just make sure you use it in an area where the ambient temp is high 60s to low 70s -LRB- the instruction manual gives the exact range -RRB- in order for it to not overheat the yogurt .
 A great product ! Makes great yogurt easily , using a water bath to surround the vat -LRB- unlike other makers -RRB- , allows you to make up to two cups of yogurt at a time -LRB- we eat some yogurt at my house -RRB- , makes both regular and probiotic batches , and comes with all the equipemt you need -LRB- specially marked thermometer and batch far -RRB- , and costs less than some other more expensive ones . Batch jars are dish washer safe . Only thing I suggest you get is a EuroCuisine Greek yogurt maker to replace the cheesecloth bag this kit comes with .
 great price , easy to use ... I can say I have made my own yogurt now several times . Now I can eat yogurt and know what the ingredients are without junk : -RRB-
 I just purchased this product and tried it for the first time last night . I have to say that everything went great . I used whole milk and some iogo plain yogurt with probiotics and everything turned out excellent . I had no yogurt starter . I heated the milk to a boil for around 5 min and cooled it off to the right temp , then added it to the yogourmet machine . I left it on for 5 hours . I checked on it and the yogurt was already looking quite thick . Took it out and put it in the fridge overnight . Woke up to very creamy and thick yogurt . Tasted excellent . I added a bit of honey so the kids will like it and it is amazing . I am making another batch as this wo n't last . I think the product is great and everything worked out as it should .
 I have made 5 batches so far and have found that this machine works perfectly as long as you follow the directions for the specific culture brand . I first used the yogourmet starter that came with the machine , but then switched to a starter from Cultures for Health , which is about 30 % cheaper than yogourmet and works beautifully and also comes in various types such as traditional flavor , mild , and greek . However that brand takes 8 hours to incubate , so I have to start it in the morning . Yogurt making is new for me , but I love making the yogurt from scratch , and have found that as long as you pay attention and follow the directions precisely you will get a consistently delicious batch of yogurt .
 I bought this to make salt rising bread starter and it works perfect . I like that it has a single fill container and that it does n't have an automatic shut off . It kept the starter at the perfect temp . the entire 2 days . I have n't made yogurt with it yet , but I 'm confident that it will work .
 I ca n't find low fat , low sugar , organic soygurt . Now I make delicious batches myself . I 've made at least 10 batches with no problems . I 've experimented with using powdered soymilk , vacuum pack soymilk and combinations of both , all with excellent results . With soy milk I let it ferment for 10-36 hours depending on how strong I want it and whether or not I 've added powdered soymilk -LRB- more time -RRB- . I am making frozen soygurt , blackberry soygurt , cacao and cashew soygurt etc. . I could n't be more pleased . I googled many different yogurt makers , and decided I wanted something that would consistently produce similar results in large batches -LRB- 2 qts -RRB- . This has been ideal in that as one batch is finishing , I can leave some behind and move right into the next batch . I can also just pop the 2 qt bucket into the fridge and let it settle there , for a more `` jelled '' consistency.It 's been very easy to use , very easy to prepare , and I 've had no failures . It cleans up very easily and it sanitizes just as easily -LRB- pour boiling water into the bucket and swirl it to touch everything , do the same to the lid.Eventually I may try it using fresh homemade soymilk , but right now , I just do n't have the time to do that . Also it would be harder to gauge the nutritional info , and harder to remove the fat or sugar.Hu
 Making my second batch of yogurt since receiving item last week . Simple instructions , simple procedure . Boil some milk , let it cool to appropriate temperature , add a starter and 4 + hours later , you have some great yogurt .
 Great product ! The water bath feature provides an even heating surface for any yogurt jar - which gives the finished yogurt an even , creamy texture . The thermostat , however , does n't read correctly , so I threw it away on the first day -LRB- not worth fussing over . -RRB- Overall , I love this machine enough to comment . I think you should get the yogourtmet , not because I did , but because the product is amazing every single time .
 This is the third yogurt machine I 've owned and by far my favorite . It 's simple , no nonsense , no special features like timers or indicators , you just turn it on , pour in the boiled and then cooled milk + starter mixture , and wait . The plastic makes it easy to clean , and the bucket-inside-bucket design is both clever and functional.It could be improved a little ergonomically in terms of hand grips , lids , and such , but it 's not bad there either . I really like having such a big pot - you can make a lot of yogurt at a time , then decide what to do with it.I 've owned it for a couple weeks and I 'm on my fifth or sixth batch already . You can save a lot of money , be healthy , and get much better product than you buy at the stores -LRB- choose your favorite tasting yogurt for a starter culture , then get some high quality milk , and it 's going to be even better than the store version -RRB- .
 I received the yogormet yogurt makerYogourmet Multi Electric Yogurt Maker with CBA Starteras a gift 4 months ago from my mother and I love it !! I eat a lot of yogurt , and between my boyfriend and I we go through the 2 quarts every week . With this yogurt maker we are paying about half the cost ! We use skim milk , so to make the yogurt thick we add 1/2 cup powdered milk for every quart . The yogurt starter was great , but if we do n't have any on hand we just use 1/2 cup yogurt with live cultures for every quart we make . The directions suggest to let the mix sit in the maker for 4-10 hours , and we found our perfect time to be 5.5 hours . If we let it sit for longer it gets more sour , and if we let it sit for less it is less firm . 5.5 hours gives us a wonderfully creamy yogurt!Thanks Mom , Amazon and Yogormet !
 Simple in use , refrigerator space saver , great yogurt . 1 thing is missing - timer . Othervise is great purchase !
 I am very pleased with this yogurt maker , fun , great tasting yogurt and easy to use .
 of praise , works efficiently and is very easy to use . Has a comprehensive trouble shooting guide to improve any taste or textural inadequacy . I love the yoghurt made from my own recipe , and it is much firmer using a lot less energy consumption . The container is handy and the volume is generous .
 I 've made yogurt in the oven but the results were inconsistent . This product yields good results everytime . I use powdered non-fat milk , stonyfield organic plain yogurt as a starter and 1 can of whole or non-fat evaporated milk for extra richness/flavor . I incubate for only 6 hours , then refrigerate . The yogurt is thick and creamy ; the flavor is rich and excellent - better than when I used fresh milk only.I use a Polder thermometer -LRB- that comes with a timer -RRB- as a replacement for the broken one that came with the yogurt maker .
 Easy and effective for large batches of yogurt . You really ca n't mess it up with this product .
 I have made three batches of yogurt with a 24hr-ferment time and have been very pleased . I did use Yogourmet starter and have had thick , creamy yogurt each time . I like that the yogurt maker comes with a thermometer for when the milk is heated prior to making the yogurt.My yogurt maker does not get very warm to the touch , even after 24 hours , but I will have to check that with a thermometer the next time I make yogurt -LRB- tonight -RRB- because there have been concerns voiced here that the yogurt gets too hot for the probiotics to survive.I have been completely happy with this product so far!Ok -- news flash update -- I have been checking the yogurt with a thermometer and it has been fermenting at the same temp for 19hrs which is about 110F . The Yogourmet therm . has a green line on it and that is right where the temp . staying -- well under 120F . I doubt it will suddenly heat up in the next sev . hours . I AM happy with this yogurt maker !
 Prior to purchasing the Yogourmet Electric Yogurt Maker , I had never made yogurt before . I saw this on sale at Amazon and decided now was the time to get started . My first batch turned out well , and I am anxious to start trying out adding fruit and other extras.However ... I was slightly disappointed because I thought buying a yogurt maker would mean that all I would need to do is dump together the ingredients in the yogurt maker , turn it on , and wait . Instead , there turned out to be several steps
 I tried making yogurt without a yogurt-maker , but it 's too hit and miss . Keeping the temperature constant is apparently a bigger deal than I 'd read . Now that I have my Y&oacute;gourmet maker , it always turns out fine . FYI , I use Stonyfield Farm plain yogurt as a starter . I buy a quart at a time and freeze it into cubes to use whenever I make a batch.I use generic powdered milk -LRB- Kroger brand -RRB- instead of liquid because it 's always fresh . It 's much cheaper , too ! To make my yogurt thick , I use 1/3 more powder than recommended . I 've also experimented with adding gelatin to the water before adding the powdered milk . If you do this , be sure not to use too much gelatin or you 'll get stiff jello-yogurt ! Also , gelatin must be added to a very small amount of water to `` soften '' it first . If you make the mistake of pouring dry gelatin directly into a pot of water , you get a blob which wo n't dissolve no matter what you do!Now I make two quarts of yogurt at a time with my Y&oacute;gourmet yogurt maker , and I never have yogurt which is too runny or weird .
 I own the original 1970 's yogourmet yogurt maker and it is still working like new -LRB- the only way to tell it 's that old is the ` old style ' power cord on it ; -RRB- the thick walls of the unit allows for gentle heating and the water bath maintains a more even temperature all the way up the ` bucket ' without overheating at the bottom.when i run out of the yogourmet starter culture -LRB- which makes a tangy yogurt -RRB- , i use a 6oz container of stoneyfield plain yogurt as a starter -LRB- which has 6 different cultures and yields a delicate flavor -RRB- once you have discovered real yogurt -LRB- that is , tangy and a little runny -RRB- , you will never be able to eat that overly sweet , wall paper glue of a concoction american dairy companys parade as yogurt .
 This yogurt maker offers a size -LRB- 2 Qt -RRB- for serious yogurt aficionados and a handy thermometer that fits inside the tub . I had n't made yogurt in years , and this incubator was very forgiving as I re-entered the learning curve . My first batch did n't work , likely due to an insufficient amount or substandard quality of starter yogurt . Fortunately , I was armed with the Yogourmet freeze-dried starter packets . Mixed in a double packet for the 2 Qt , used the same milk from the failed original batch , and it worked like a charm . 2 % organic milk , and 3/4 cup powdered milk . Also purchased the Cuisipro Donvier Yogurt Cheese strainer to make thick Greek yogurt . Word of caution -- my yogurt maker runs a little bit on the warm side . Unplugged the unit after 3 hours , and continued the incubation with the unit turned off . Excellent results .
 You really do n't need a yogurt maker -- all you need is something to keep your yogurt at the same warm temperature . Some people use a warm oven , others a heating pad or the top of the fridge . That said , I like having a yogurt maker , it makes things easier . But the complicated part of yogurt making is heating the milk to a particular temperature then cooling it again . As far as I can see there is no need to spend more on a yogurt maker . I love the fact that this one makes two quarts -- I eat a lot of yogurt and I do n't want it in little 6oz containers.The directions that come with this maker tell you to buy their starter -- you do n't need to . Just use yogurt . I recommend following yogurt making instructions you find on the internet instead of their instructions . Good luck !
 The yogurt maker is pretty simple to operate and is as advertised . Depending on the type of milk , and the length of incubation time effects the consistency of the yogurt.I have made several batches with organic milk , soy milk , and low fat milk . Instead of spending $ 16.00 for an extra batch jar , I pour out to a seperate container , and can reuse the 1 jar that it came with , and if you save at least 1/2 cup of fresh yogurt , you can use that as your starter , instead of paying for a packet every time .
 This is a yogurt maker for life ! I just love it ! It is easy to use and I especially like the capacity . An extra batch jar gives you that added bit of luxury ... you can buy a gallon of milk and process it in 2 successive cycles -LRB- e.g. a day and a night -RRB- ! That is pretty important here in Hawaii where milk prices are so high . And yes , I eat all of that just by myself ! The yogurt stays perfectly fresh in the refrigerator for quite a while . I read that with some yogurt makers the yoghurt might not come out well with high ambient temperatures , but this one does just fine ! At home in Belgium , we had a yogurt maker that had 6-7 individual glass jars . I actually like the `` one big jar '' better , because you have less washing up to do , and the big plastic jar does n't have nasty edges behind which yogurt can get stuck . Moreover , I once accidentally dropped the other yogurt maker and every single little glass jar was broken !! No need to worry about that with this one -LRB- though I would n't go ahead and frequently smash it on the floor ! -RRB- . Anyway , it 's a great thing to have , and I will keep on making my own yoghurt for the rest of my life ! The two minor improvements that could be done are the following : - include a timer - offer them in one other -LRB- darker -RRB- color than white
 This is a great machine . Well worth the money . It 's the only one that I found that can be used to make probiotic yogurt .
 This works well . The water bath and 2 quart size is why I bought it . I originally had 2 problems with it . Major one is that when cleaning after a batch I would hear water sloshing around inside the bottom and I had to pour out the slosh through the electric cord hole . At first I thought that the water that I put inside for the water bath had somehow overflowed . Not true , rather I found a nearly invisible vertical hairline crack in the inner liner . Took it apart with a phillips screwdriver and Superglued both sides . Quick and efficient fix but originally sort of scary to find water coming out the electric cord hole.Second , the enclosed Yogourmet therometer did not at all come close to matching -LRB- too low a reading -RRB- my expensive digital thermometer -LRB- 2 quart batch -RRB- . I first tried the digital when I was unable to get the Yogourmet thermometer to read above 160 degrees -LRB- F -RRB- when heating the milk . Digital read around 195 degrees . No correlation at lower temps either -LRB- the Yogourmet was in the `` Green '' area-OK to insert starter - when my digital still read over 120 degrees , TOO HOT . Made several batches with both side by side and was ready to throw out the Yogourmet thermometer as worthless -LRB- or harmful -RRB- when I made a half gallon batch in a pan slightly taller than previous and found thereafter an exact temperature match between the thermometers . Evidently you have to get the Yogourmet thermometer plenty -LRB- several inches -RRB- deep -LRB- but not on the bottom -RRB- into the batch to be anywhere accurate . It would have helped if they had warned of that . The digital is much more forgiving on depth of insertion.Prior to the Yogourmet , I have made lots of good yogurt over the years and its insanely easy to do no thermometer needed and using most any store bought yogurt for starter , IF you have a way to keep the mix at the right temp range for the culturing process . One Summer I had an apartment with a gas oven with a pilot light . That pilot light kept the temp inside just perfect for making yogurt overnight . It is very hard to find a similar incubator in modern homes and the Yogourmet provides that service perfectly . Makes good yogurt and plenty of it . I would rather spend my time eating yogurt than making it , so recommend the Yogourmet .
 I love it that it can make 2 quarts at once and I REALLY REALLY love it that my 1 quart glass canning jar fits in it , as I do n't like heating in plastic . You can buy plastic screw on lids for canning jars , so it makes the ultimate yogurt jar . I was going to replace my Salton , which died after 10 years , but was put off by the price , which is 10 times the price it was 10 years ago -LRB- what 's up with THAT ?? -RRB- This unit is much better , and a realistic price . Plus it makes kick-a $ $ yogurt ! I buy yogurt starter from a dairy , and it 's really CHEAP ! The website is called dairy connection . 1/4tsp is all it takes .
 I 'm not a particularly careful cook and need a yogurt maker than will work even if I 'm not super precise . Here 's what I do to make yogurt to-die-for . If I 'd only known how delicious homemade yogurt could be , I 'd have been making my own all along . I have used a yogurt maker in the past with individual small jars , but the yogurt never got very firm . I was still happy with it and used it regularly , but was won over by Greek yogurt when stores started carrying that . Although the taste was a bit too tangy for me , I liked to use it for cooking especially and gave up making my own . I realized that part of the appeal was having the larger container . The little jars were fine for my breakfast , but not for other uses.When I decided to start making my own again I found the starter I had on hand was apparently too old and my first batch with the small jars did n't gel properly , but emptying them out reminded me that I really wanted a large batch maker . I did a lot of research and finally decided on this one . I absolutely love it . My other unit had a timer and audible signal when the time period had elapsed where this one does n't , but what I found with the other is that I frequently did n't hear the timer sound so it did n't help me at all . Now I set a timer on my smart phone , which is usually with me and much more effective at alerting me . I set the timer for 5 hours and that seems perfect to get well set yogurt in this machine.I 'm grateful to other reviewers who shared their recipes so I was prepared with some dry milk on hand when the yogurt maker was delivered . I also found Whole Foods had the Yogourmet freeze-dried starter so purchased some of that at the same time . I 'd ordered the Casei Bifidus Acidophilus Probiotic starter when I ordered the yogurt maker , but it took a bit longer to arrive so I used the freeze-dried and could n't be happier with the resulting consistency and taste . I used 2 % milk and added 1/2 cup of dry milk to my 7 ` ish cups of liquid . I used my new 8 cup Pyrex measuring cup to heat the milk in the microwave -LRB- I set it for 13 minutes -RRB- . Then I set it out to cool . I 'm using my Thermapen for temp readings and ca n't speak to the little thermometer that comes with the maker.Per directions , I scoop out a bit of milk into a smaller cup and add the two packs of starter to it . I mix it well before adding it and the dry milk to the milk in the big cup . I use a whisk to make sure everything is well blended and then pour it into the yogurt maker 's inner container . I then plug in the yogurt maker , add the appropriate amount of luke warm water , and set the inner container inside . Even though I 'm making nearly 8 cups of yogurt , I use the shorter water line as the taller line makes the water come too close to the top to suit me . Five hours later I have yogurt that is nicely firm , good for eating and for cooking , and with a delicious taste . The inner tub is nice for storage in the fridge . I 'm really delighted with this purchase and highly recommend it.Update 7/2
 If you 're looking for a yogurt maker , here are my experiences with the Yogourmet and a side note on the Tribest Yolife yogurt maker.Between my yogurt-making expert friend and I , we have discovered that this is quite a handy machine , however , it may need some babysitting as it does tend to run a bit on the hot side -- and I 'm not talking ambient temperatures either . I keep my house at 67-68 during the winter and it still ran hot . I would double check the thermometer that comes with the machine . I 'm not sure that I trust it.One possible recommendation , so you do n't have to stand by to unplug and replug in the unit to keep maintain a viable temperature , is to get one of those vacation timers -- four hours seems to be the breaking point of where it starts to get too hot . If you want it tangier , then set it to restart up again in another couple of hours , but do n't let it stay on longer than 4 hours . Of course , as it is with all things , you need to experiment on your own.If I were to buy a yogurt maker over again , I would go with the Tribest Yolife YL-210 because you can make at least 3 quarts at a time . You use your own quart jar containers or you can use the individual glass sizes provided . Another friend of mine has three of his own and he makes perfect yogurt every time . He cultures his for 4 hours at a time and has never had a problem . He apparently lends out the other two machines so his friends and neighbors can learn how to do yogurt on their own . Never had a problem with them.Final analysis
 I bought this few months ago . -LRB- summer -RRB- so just started using this as days are getting colder.I make my own yogurt -LRB- south Indian from India -RRB- hate to buy plastic containers and contaminate the earth with all those plastic containers.I recommend this to anyone.I also use this for Idli dough to raise properly.no need to heat the entire oven as I used to do -LRB- energy savings -RRB- South Indian 's have to have their Idli and Dosa doughto rest and ferment it is hard to make that work in winter . this is a good product for that.it does get a bit too hot . I have to turn off after 4 or 5 hrs . I only make half the container each time.may be it is designed to have the full container full so the heat is not too much . but if we only fill half or less it does feel it is getting too hot.I would love to see a smaller one for households with smaller needs as well as couple of more degrees less temperature.overall I am happy with the product .
 I would prefer to make large batches of yogurt without the purchase of special equipment , like using my oven interior overnight to incubate . However , my oven is in a 1949 range , and it is not well insulated enough to hold a temperature for incubation overnight . This yogurt maker works on the same principle , and is a full 2 quart capacity . One can also make just one quart , but I have not done so . Why ? It takes the same amount of effort to make one or two . It is easy to store , light weight , and easy to clean too . I recommend a second batch jar to go with it . I always have a jar in the frig , and the ability to start another whenever I want to . Goat milk yogurt in this appliance is to die for !
 What I like about this device is that it keeps the mix at the proper temperature for the duration of the process . Essentially , YOU make the yogurt . You heat the milk in a cooking pot till the thermometer reaches 82 degrees -LRB- Celsius -RRB- , wait 2 minutes , remove from heat and wait till the temperature drops to the green zone , about 40 degrees . Then you stir in the starter , I do it right in the cooking pot . Put a bit of warm water in the outer bin up to one of the marks on the side near the bottom depending on whether you are making one or two quarts . That water will become the even-heating element . Plug in the outer bin . Then you transfer the milk with starter from the cooking pot to the smaller bin , put the lid on , place it in the outer bin , put the lid on the outer bin . Wait the number of hours -LRB- 4 - 5 -RRB- . Put the inner bin with the yogurt in it in the fridge to get nice and cold . For starter , my first time I used a cup of Danon plain yogurt with regular whole milk , my second batch used some left over from the first batch with Organic whole milk , my most recent batch I used Yogourmet starter mix and organic whole milk . For $ 6.50 you get 6 packets , and they tell you to use one per quart . That 's a bit pricey for a regularly-consumed product , so I used one packet for the full two quarts . Seems fine , but it 's still cooling . It sounds complicated but it 's not . My wife and I eat it on our steel-cut oats with honey in the morning . We are looking forward to making it with raw whole milk , that is , if the government does n't continue to arrest all the Amish for daring to sell raw milk in the land of the free .
 I was so pleased to find a 2qt yogurt maker . I have made perfect yogurt every time and can hardly keep up with friends demands for more ! more ! The kit included a thermometer which I think is essential to determine which step you are at . Highly recommended .
 Thanks to the Yogourmet Electric Yogurt Maker , I 've been making yogurt for years now and my kids are able to enjoy plain yogurt made from grass-fed , organic milk . I used a container of my favorite yogurt -LRB- Fage or Siggi 's -RRB- as a starter , then I save a small portion of each batch and use that for the next one . It is much cheaper than buying organic yogurt and greatly reduces the amount of plastic needed.I had some failed batches early on , but once I got the hang of it , it 's been pretty foolproof . Heat the milk on medium heat to 180 degrees -LRB- about 20 minutes -RRB- , cool until it reaches the green section of the thermometer -LRB- about 1.5 hours -RRB- , mix in the starter with some milk , pour it all into the Yogourmet , and let it sit there for about 6-7 hours . Refrigerate , and the yogurt is ready to eat the next day . It 's not too time consuming , as long as you are planning to be home that day . For extra deliciousness , strain the yogurt to make Greek yogurt and you 'll have whey left over to substitute for buttermilk in baking.This yogurt maker is easy to use , and reliable . I 'm now ordering another container so that I can make a second batch while we are still working on the one in the fridge .
 For those considering a yogurt maker , do recognize that you have to prepare the milk first , then you place the milk mixture into this unit . The purpose of this unit -LRB- and all yogurt makers I 've seen -RRB- is to keep your culturing milk at 110F 4-24 hours , until the consistency and flavor is where you want it . It is an easy process once you do it a couple times , but the first time may be a little overwhelming . The second and third times , however , you will wonder what you were worried about , it 's really very easy , and very worth it.I bought this yogurt maker after trying the Donvier and enjoying the process of making my own yogurt , but wanting larger batches . So very glad I did ! I never would have realized the problems with the Donvier unit . First , the Donvier does not reach 110F , as is needed to make the usual yogurts , such as Greek , Bulgarian -LRB- `` normal '' yogurt -RRB- , and so on . These are thermophilic yogurts , and require incubation at 110F or very close . I made batch after batch , and to get them to set well , I had to incubate for 12 hours or more , but then they were too sour for my taste . I had much better success with the Yogourmet , but attributed to just having gotten better at the method . HOWEVER , when I ordered high quality yogurt cultures from Cultures for Health -LRB- not just using a bit of store yogurt or the Yogourmet direct set starter -RRB- , the detailed instructions made it clear that the incubation MUST be at 110F . I thought nothing of that , and went ahead with my first batch of Bulgarian yogurt in my Donvier , since your initial batch is smaller than usually done in the Yogourmet . It was ruined . Goat milk yogurt and cows milk yogurt . Neither set properly , and both smelled very sour . So I set up both yogurt makers to incubate some water and check the temperature . They ran for 3 hours on the counter , and then I checked the temp . 100F in the Donvier , 110F in the Yogourmet . Tried again an hour later , same result . Luckily , I had followed the CfH directions on their cultures very carefully , and saved half the powdered culture JUST IN CASE . So , SO glad I did . Set up a new batch in my Yogourmet , using two smaller glass jars instead of the large plastic insert so I could do goat and cow yogurts simultaneously . The Yogourmet activated the cultures and set both versions perfectly . I 've since made batch after batch of both Bulgarian and Greek yogurts , many with goat milk and many with cow milk , in my Yogourmet with no trouble . The flavor is excellent , and with some practice on incubation times for the different types of milk , the consistency is usually perfect or darn near ! -LRB- Goat milk is more difficult to get to set thickly , and many people use powdered milk to achieve this , but I do not , since from what I understand , all powdered milks contain oxidized cholesterol . Giving the YoGo extra time on the goats milk seems to work just fine . Bulgarian is still a little thinner for me , but the Greek sets up pretty thickly . -RRB- -LRB- The second problem with the Donvier is that the bottles appear to be BPA , which is usually easily identified as a clear -LRB- or colored clear -RRB- hard plastic , tolerant to heating , with # 7 on the bottom . While some still say BPA is safe , I disagree , and nearly all agree that BPA should not be used to heat food , which exactly the purpose in the Donvier Yogurt Maker . -RRB- I will be getting rid of my Donvier and the extra jars . I 'm actually online to buy another Yogourmet so I can make large batches of goat and cow yogurts simultaneously . You will enjoy your Yogourmet !
 My wife and I have been making yogurt at home for several years and really enjoy it . The one drawback has been making it in 6 small cups at a time . We finally decided to try this 2-quart maker and see if it is as good . It 's Better , this machine makes great yogurt and we do not have to use it everyday like our old on -LRB- we gave that away -RRB- . We tried the cotton sack a few days ago and now I 'm hooked , the yogurt is thick and creamy .
 This is by far the best yogurt maker ever . I have had it for at least 2 months and have made the 24 SCD yogurt perfectly every time . I love the large capacity containers and the option to buy addition containers , so I do n't have to make it as often . You know that your getting the most freshest yogurt . You know that your prebiotics and/or probiotics are going to be fresh and most abundant when you make your own . Most of all you ca n't bet the price of making your own yogurt then that of what you buy in the stores . I know some people have had reported problems with the water in the the maker getting to hot or evaperating but I have not found that to be a problem . Highly recommond this product whether you are a novice or pro at making yogurt , it 's very simple to use .
 I was skeptical when I bought the Yogourmet ... but it has been a great investment . If you want to make good Greek or Indian yogurt , you got ta have the Yogourmet !!
 I 've using this product for more than a month . I bought this yogurt maker because it also came with the thermometer and the cloth for straining -LRB- which I do n't use -RRB- . I find the machine very useful and I 've been enjoying home made soy yogurt ever since . The price is right and super easy to clean . The thermometer seals the deal for me because I 'm new to this whole soy yogurt deal and this the temp point for incubation marked on it . I love it and will recommend it .
 This is the easiest yogurt maker to use , I have another with individual cups which requires more time & energy to accomplish the same thing . Cleaning this unit is so simple . I ordered it Friday & it arrived on Monday .
 Sorry . I made a mistake here . My review was for the other Yogurtmet , multi . This one does the same , but the other does it in 4 hours while this takes longer . The difference in price is about 10 dollars.This is a great yogurt maker . It 's the largest I could find for home . It 'll make excellent yogurt with 2 % fat or whole . With non-fat it is also good but a little liquid . So unless you are on a special diet , use 2 % or whole . The instructions tell you to pasteurize the milk at 180F . Actual pasteurization occurs at around 175F . That 's instantaneus . But you can pasteurize by holding at 140F for about 20 minutes . I bring the milk to 155F and let it fall from there . It is faster and by the time it gets to 140F , it is pasteurized . When the termometer is within the green , 108 to 115F , stir it , because the inside is warmer and you could kill the culture when you mix it . So stir and let the thermometer tell you the new overal temperature . It actually makes good yogurt in 4 hours . If you want it a little bit more dense , let it be 4 1/2 hours . If you do n't have one of those stoves where you can regulate de temperature to very low , use a double boiler to heat milk slowly . You 'll be delighted with this maker . It works to specifications . It also has the extra container that you can buy for convenience . It 's good quality . Have fun .
 so far it works great . easy to use , easy to clean and the yogurt is really good since the very first time.It takes longer than expected to have the yogurt solid , but probably there are many factors to control anyway .
 Very pleased with the way they handle defects with product . My base wore out pretty quickly and they were willing to replace it . Great to know !
 We recently started to milk our goats and I have been looking for healthy and delicious ways to use all the milk we are getting . I tried to make yogurt on my own 4 different times and had no success . I was so disappointed and was starting to think I would never figure out the secret to yogurt . Out of desperation , I finally decided to get a yogurt maker . I have made several batches of yogurt with the Yogourmet and they have all turned out perfectly.I used a store bought yogurt to try as a starter and have had great luck with it . I added 1 cup of powdered milk to give the yogurt a little more body . I incubated my last batch for 5 1/2 hrs and it was very good . The instructions in the book are very simple . I have not used the thermometer that came with the maker because I have a nicer one I use in cheese making . Our children think this yogurt is so much better then store bought . Over all , I am very glad I bought this yogurt maker .
 Not much to this other than a plastic container with a heating element but it does do the job intended .
 I love this machine . You can use the packaged cultures or you can use 1/2 cup of store bought yogurt as the culture . I have not had a failure making yummy thick yogurt this way
 Used to have a ROLMEX yogurt maker and the Yougourmet is exactly the same . It is safe and within 4 hours of simmering inside the machine , you get the best natural tasting yogurt . Excellent purchase for someone who wants to make yogurt batches of 2 liters each .
 Pros1 . Maintains @ 110 f for under 5 hrs but goes unto 120F if kept longer , may have to open the lid .2 . Temp is better controlled if a smaller inner container is used ie store bought yogurt containers .3 . Can also use to ferment battersConsThermometer too small but worksDo n't have to use inner container , can reuse any store bought yogurt containers.Biggest disadvantage is you ca n't use regular flat round pyrex dishes unlike in the oven or Excalibur .
 I 've used this yogurt maker for over a year , makes very good yogurt , pretty much a flawless process , however the electronic thermometer that wasprovided with the kit is junk . I 've gone thru the two batteries provided , and they died within a couple months . Go out and buy a analog thermometer and you 'll be much happier .
 I bought two machines , one for my home in OH , and one for my home in FL . Both machines work well . The yogurt maker is too pricey for the quality , however .
 This product is the best appliance for those who are yogurt addicts ... You get a 2-Quart of yogurt in few hours . I have used it several times so far , and every time the outcome taste the same . I am not using any yogurt starters , I am just mixing in about 6-8 oz of yogurt with the warm milk , and the result is excellent . It does not take only 4.5 hrs though as advertised ; because after that period you have to put it in the fridge for 8 hours -LRB- as the manual recommends -RRB- . However , I did not find this too bad because It takes the jar about 3 hours to cool anyway.So , simply put , this is an excellent buy .
 Have used it twice since I bought it and it is wonderful . I bought it specifically to make the yogurt for the SCDiet and it makes preparation really easy .
 I 've recently started a restrictive diet which requires homemade yogurt . This yogurt maker has been a dream . It could n't be any easier to make yummy homemade yogurt ! I even purchased a glass jar in addition to the plastic container so I can have another batch of yogurt going , while enjoying one in the fridge . Love it !
 I love this , people do n't believe me when I tell them how easy it is to make yogurt . Best invention ever . My husband , who has always hated the store bought ` plain ' yogurt , loves the homemade plain yogurt . Everything is so much better , the taste , texture and creamy too . My first batch was my trial run , by the second batch I knew what to expect and what I was doing . I cooked it in the machine for 6 hours and then placed it overnight in the refrigerator , lastly put the yogurt in smaller containers for individual servings . Delicious Yogurt !
 GOT A GREAT BUY , ABOUT 60 % OF RETAIL . BEEN MAKING YOGURT FOR 10 YEARS WITH A YOGOTHERM . AT OUR HOUSE WE EAT ABOUT TWO QUARTS A WEEK . WE HAVE YOGURT AND `` NUT `` S. YOGURT WITH WAL-MART BRAND CRUNCHY NUGGETS MIXED IT . THIS Yogourmet Electric Yogurt Maker REALLY SIMPLIFIES MY WIFE 'S LIFE .
 Easy to use , & easy to clean & sterilise . Compact so easy to store in kitchen , and the yogurt bucket fits into refrigerator .
 Easy to clean . Great price . Simple instructions . Arrived at promised time and in great condition . Would recommend to someone that is interested in a homemade yogurt that stays at a consistent temperature .
 Great Yogurt maker ... Seems to be in constant use at my house . . Home made yogurt is so much better and healthier than storebought . . We eat yogurt 2-3 times a day now that I make it ... I ca n't keep up with the demand ... we love it ... This Yogourmet makes it real easy to do ... very straight forward & does the job ... We leave our yogurt maker on for 24 hours before refrigerating so we get maximum beneficial bacteria production . . Enjoy !!
 It 's a great little maker . I 've made different batches with different incubation periods ; at about 5 hours , the yogurt is very smooth , and at 7 hours , it 's much thicker . Cleanup is easy.I read a comment that the top would blow off , but I have n't had that problem at all .
 Good . Buy Buy Buy ! It make good yogurt . Mine broke but got another one works great.Would buy again . Buy Buy !
 I love making yogurt now . I am making SCD yogurt with this machine . That means I let it ferment for 24 hours.Here is the trick that I have learned though ... I had to get a light dimmer plug . It is one that plugs into the outlet , then I plug the Yogogourmet into that and after testing the water temp . a bit I have figured out that the dimmer needs to be set slightly beyond the half-way dim . It keeps the water bath perfectly between 102-108 for the whole 24 hours!The other tricks I have is that I am using this brand Starter - I tried Dannon All Natural but I actually like this better . The last trick which really seals the flavor , taste and creaminess of this yogurt is that I drip it for about 2-4 hours after it has cooled a bit . I use the bag that came with this yogurt maker - I lay the bag across a large strainer and just dump the whole container of yogurt on top of the bag . Best yogurt ever !!!! Very happy with this maker and the delicious yogurt it produces !
 A wonderful edition to our kitchen . Two quart quantities of excellent Yogurt are produced by this machine . Yogurt can be further processed -LRB- drained -RRB- to make superb Yogurt Cheese . The necessary `` drip-bag '' is supplied with the Yogurt-maker . We use 2 % milk and only one well-dissolved envelope of Yogourmet Yogurt Starter instead of the recommended two envelopes . We set it up in the evening and the next morning a `` solid '' , pudding-like Yogurt is ready to be refrigerated . With 2 % milk no milk-powder or Gelatin additions are needed.We found a few steps which were not emphasized in the instructions . it is imperative to sterilize the milk at or slightly above -LRB- but below boiling -RRB- 180 F for at least 3 minutes and use sterile tools to stir . We dishwasher-clean the containers , so everything is very clean . We had to get a new double boiler , because the inexpensive , thin Stainless Steel unit we had , always scorched the milk , leaving a heavy coating of milk solids on the bottom of the pan which affected the taste of the product and made clean-up a chore . We now use an AllClad insert which works great.It is also important to cover the pot with its cover and then the whole machine with ITS smooth top . This assures better temperature control of the `` waterbath '' , resulting in a smoother , firmer Yogurt.Finally , to be really frugal -LRB- cheap -RRB- , one can use a half cup of the new Yogurt as a starter thoroughly mixed with the new milk , at the proper temperature . It will work , but the product will not be quite as silky smooth as when using the Yogourmet Starter . Having an extra cup assures never to run out of delicious and very healthy Yogurt . When adding the starter mix it is absolutely necessary not to have the sterilized milk at a temperature exceeding 112 F . If it , after stirring to make it uniform , is much above 112 , the starter microbes are killed and no Yogurt will develop . If it is much below 88 it will take much longer to create the Yogurt , although the quality is not negatively affected .
 We got this machine after having one of those other ones that uses all of the tiny little jars to make yogurt . The other machine did a fine job , but it was SUCH A PAIN to deal with all of the little jars all of the time.This machine uses the 2 quart tub , which is super simple to use and clean and then you have a large batch all at once . Of course if you want you can make less than the two quarts at a time , but with our family we eat it up so fast there 's no point . Somehow it also makes the yogurt in only four or four and a half hours versus the eight to twelve hours of the other machine . I do n't know the specifics - but maybe it runs a bit warmer to make it go faster ? It works very well and is very easy to use . I like the water bath that surrounds the container with the yogurt - it provides a very even heat to the yogurt and keeps any hot spots from killing off the cultures.A very good machine , and soon we 're going to buy another for my mom . This was way better than the other one we tried , which is her old one .
 I just received my Yogourmet Yoghurt Maker today . It is to replace my old one , which broke -LRB- entirely my fault as I dropped it -RRB- . I am excited to make yoghurt again , but the seal on the inner yoghurt container has a faulty lid . It seals , but not quite as tightly as the other one I have from my previous purchase about three years ago . Specifically , it snaps shut , but it spins and I would be concerned that when in storage , it would n't seal out bacteria , or would n't seal in moisture.I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the lid . I love this product otherwise!UPDATE December 22
 This yogurt maker is incredibly easy to use , and turns out great yogurt . The yogurt I have made so far , however , has been very soft and soupy , but I have not added powdered milk to thicken it as the directions say . It also comes with a thermometer , very cool , although my thermometer must have gotten wet because not all the numbers are displaying correctly now . Just follow the directions and you 'll get great results!A tip
 Yogurt maker is working awesomely . I eat 8oz of nonfat yogurt a day . I prefer the Greek style which is strained after making and chilling as it gives the yogurt an excellent texture . So I use my maker 2-3 times a week . I love it its easy as pie . I bought an extra container so I can make another batch right after the first.Its worth it to me .
 I 've been making yogart for almost a year now . We love the fact that we know what is going into our yogart . I mix some homemade jam add a little brown sugar and it is delicious . It is pretty easy to make . Takes awhile to cool the milk down - even when I set it outside in the winter ! I like that I can make a large batch which will last us about 2 weeks . Well worth the money .
 My family have used this yogurt maker for the past 4 years and I just recently got one for myself . It works fantastically as expected.Since I always use the CBA yogurt starter , I use the following recipe instead of the one provided in the instructions :1 . Boil about one container -LRB- 5/8 of a gallon -RRB- of organic whole milk to 180F/82C .2 . Cool off to 22-25C .3 . Stir 2/3 bag of CBA yogurt starter into milk and place it in the yogurt maker for 11 hours.It takes about 30 minutes to get the milk ready to the right temperature . The yogurt always comes out with the consistent texture .
 I love this so much I have purchased two others for gifts . Do n't bother with the package mixes , just buy one small carton of Greek yoghurt with active cultures -LRB- important -RRB- at your local grocery store . Heat 2 quarts of milk -LRB- whole produces the richest yoghurt -RRB- as directed , put a couple of tablespoons of the Greek yoghurt in the bottom of the container as a starter , add a few spoonfuls of warm milk , mix well into a slurry , roll the container almost on it 's side so sides are coated , pour in the rest of the milk -LRB- try not to wash down the sides -RRB- and put the inner container in the outer container with water measured to the given lines . Put on the lids and let it process 24 hours -LRB- not 12 -RRB- and do n't peek or stir . Carefully turn the yoghurt into a large sieve like you would use to sift flour sitting on top of a larger bowl . The yoghurt should be firm enough so it will not go through the sieve but the whey will drain through . Let it drain about an hour so that there is almost as much whey as yoghurt and you are done . Oh , we like to add about 1/4 to 1/2 cup of honey and mix well while it is still warm and this is the best time and way to eat it . If you use skim milk you will get more whey and less yoghurt . Save the last of your batch to start a new one and you do n't have to buy any .
 The yogurt produced by the Yogourmet electric yogurt maker is creamy , thick , and delicious -- far better than the yogurt produced by the other yogurt makers we 've tried and better than store bought . It 's also a relief not to have to deal with all those little jars filling up the dishwasher .
 I love this thing . I 'll admit it 's a bit of a luxury . I 've long made yogurt in my slow cooker , but this contraption makes the process much easier , faster , and more consistently predictable.I would recommend skipping their starter , though . In place of it I use a plain 4oz Stonyfield Yo-Baby and get fabulous results
 My mom and sister have both made yogurt for years with this particular branch of yogurt makerand though I have been the recipient of their yogurt I had not really thought about having one of my own until my mom started to deliver her extra to my house and I started getting creative making different flavors . I would eat it up and would be waiting for another batch . It was clearly time to get my own . Finally , this Christmas the Yogourmet Electric Yogurt Maker found it 's way under the tree . -LRB- Hoooooraaaaay ! -RRB- Today was my first try making it and it was easy ... pop the milk in a pan , having it come up to temp , cool , add starter to a few tablespoons of the cooled milk , put in the container with the remaining cooled milk and put the container into it 's water bath and leave it alone for a few hours until it is the right consistency and flavor for you . I love it!In the kit is the incubator , a plastic container for the yogurt , a thermometer and a bag to make your own cheese ... I want to try that too ! As this is a starter kit , the one thing I would have thought would be helpful is the yogurt starter , because I got the maker and realized , no starter in the kit , so I had to get some before I could begin , but everything else you need is provided and your homemade yogurt will keep up to 3 weeks!From getting the plain yogurt previously I have found it to be really fun to make different kinds , lemon , peach , berry , strawberry , pumpkin pie flavored , pina colada flavored , etc. . Your imagination is the only limitation . I like to flavor mine with agave and then what ever I like as a flavoring . Now that I have my own machine and more yogurt I 'll probably play with flavoring with maple syrup , honey , etc and other fun flavors . I 've also made dip with cucumber that was delicious.The taste that you will get from homemade yogurt can only be described as `` fresh '' and much , much better than any storebought you can get.I found the unit to be very easy to use , it did not feel overly hot while incubating and I had no problem with exploding lids with my unit . It took about 3.5 hours for me to get a nicely firm yogurt with a mild taste . Yes , it does n't have a window , or a timer , but that was not a big issue for me , if there is a window I obsess and feel like I need to run over and check on it all the time . This way I stick the lid on and walk away for a few hours , I have plenty of clocks and timers so that was no big deal to me.Overall , very , very pleased with my new yogurt maker and also made homemade granola to mix in with my yogurt . Breakfast does n't get much better than that on a weekday morning ! I would definitely recommend this unit to others and would purchase as a gift -LRB- do n't forget to order the starter too ! -RRB-
 Not what I expected with the ` water bath ' system , but it is making consistent batches of yoghurt for me . There appears to be a heating mat that wraps around the inner wall , but no water sloshing around . The red light that indicates ` power on ' does not illuminate , but I will not return the item for this defect . Another frustrating aspect concerning the actual yoghurt container , it is difficult to hold on to when lowering it into or removing it from the maker . I just know I will drop it one day and make a big spilled milk mess . The inner container fits so tight and far down into the maker that I have to remove the lid and hold on to the lip with my finger tips . I wish it had a bucket handle . I plan to make a lifting strap to help with this design oversight.I do like the 1/2 gallon size compared to my old 1 quart size maker . I have made yoghurt for years in my smaller maker starting with non-fat dry milk and starter from my previous batch . I have made 6 consistent batches of yoghurt so far with the Yogourmet and I think it will satisfy my needs .
 I bought my Yogourmet at a home show demonstration . Just finished the umpteenth batch today , and wanted to check the availability for a possible gift . Was glad to find it still available on Amazon after several decades ; and surprisingly cheaper that the $ 70 I paid decades ago . The Yogourmet has functioned flawlessly the entire time , and I can easily give it the highest rating and recommendation . Before buying the Yogourmet , I had tried other units , and even made yogurt in my oven . The Yogourmet results are so much better , and more consistent when using the freeze dried starter -LRB- which I find conveniently available at Whole Foods -RRB- . I add some powdered skim milk , and gelatin to the cold milk batch , to achieve a wonderfully smmoth texture . The instructions suggest one half cup powdered milk , and one tablespoon gelatin , per half gallon . Though one could vary the amounts to find the most pleasing texture . Originally , the unit came with a Pyrex glass yogurt jar . Unfortunately I dropped it , so I had to replace it with the plastic type . I 'm not thrilled with the plastics , and wish they would make the Pyrex glass one available again .
 This is what I was looking for ... a simple , wide mouth , larger capacity yogurt maker . I made two batches and both came out perfect . While I do n't like having to heat the milk up on stove , once it 's incubating it is done in no time . I added one cup nonfat dry milk to 2 quarts of 2 % milk and the results were very creamy . I used the yogourmet starter .
 We are really enjoying out Yogourmet 2 Qt yogurt maker . I debated whether I needed to buy one , since it 's really just a waterbath , but this takes up a lot less space to do it than setting up a waterbath on your own and stays at a constant temperature so far with no variations -LRB- I 've used it about once a week for several weeks now . -RRB- It really DOES make a better yogurt than you get in the store and you control what 's in it . It 's kind of a pain to heat the milk , then cool it , but it really is worth the trouble . I also like the fact that you make 2 quarts at a time , so it lasts quite a bit longer than the smaller alternatives . We make yogurt parfaits -LRB- 1/3 yogurt , 1/3 fruit of your choice , and 1/3 homemade granola -RRB- with most of ours , but have experimented in yogurt cheese now and are using it as a mayo substitute on bread , also as a substitute on crackers as a spread .
 I 've owned one of these products for years and use it all the time . I use a few spoons of store bought yogurt or some from the previous batch as the starter and it makes great yogurt . Near foolproof . I have also made cheese with it . I just purchased another one for a gift -- the only change is the inside container is no longer made of glass .
 I have been wanting to make my own yogurt for a long time but was always nervous about the process . This machine makes it so easy ! We will never go back to commercial yogurt again .
 Desiring a GLASS JAR , after looking at several stores , I found a nice heavy glass jar that works very well in place of the original plastic container . It is the Anchor Hocking 1/2 gallon Heritage Jar -LRB- this jar style used to be called apocathary jar -RRB- . The base of the jar fits perfectly -LRB- using lower water fill mark -RRB- and the jar has a nice lip making it very easy to lift out without slipping . The sides are nearly straight and make it easy to get the contents out , too . The glass lid will not fit inside with the incubation cover on so I use the original plastic lid to incubate then the glass lid for storage , or I make 1.5 cups less and use the glass lid upside down . See uploaded picture of glass jar . In WA state , I purchased the jar at Fred Myers store .
 I bought the `` Yogourmet Multi Electric Yogurt Maker with Yogurt and CBA Starter '' for $ 60.00 , Not bad if you break it down ; abt $ 25 worth of starters , $ 6 for a nut bag , $ 10 thermometer , leaves the Yogourmet at $ 19.00 -RCB- -RCB- I 'm Loving this Yogurt Maker ! Having no timer and a large batch container is perfect for making 24 hour SCD Yogurt . SCD is the `` Specific Carbohydrate Diet '' . A diet for people with colon issues -LRB- and autism -RRB- . The book for this Diet is
 This maker is great because it makes two quarts at a time , saving energy and time . We figure that we save about $ 3 each time we make a batch and we make it twice a week , that 's about $ 300 a year and no plastic tubs that we could not recycle!The maker is great because it surrounds the yogurt tub in water which keeps the temperature even throughout.There are no fancy gadgets to break
 My Yogurt Maker quit working and the company sent me a replacement and a check for the postage it cost me to mail the defective product back . A very honorable company .
 Absolutely the best yogurt maker , period ! I 've cultured milk products for over 3 decades and I do n't EVER want to be without this yogurt maker ! -LRB- I have two of these . -RRB- Yogourmet makes excellent products with consistent results , far superior to the others available . Regular Yogourmet culture is great . Try the CBA yogurt culture and buy an extra batch jar , because you will eat far more of this yogurt than you ever thought . Try the Yogourmet Kefir culture too , -LRB- no yogurt maker needed -RRB- -- you 'll be glad you did ! UPDATE
 Had this product for a few weeks , only turned it off twice since I got it . My family was eating Chobani about $ 30.00 / week . I 've reduced my costs to $ 10.00 / week . We use the product to make non-fat Greek yogurt . So far every batch has turned out perfect!You do n't need the powder starters
 This is the first -LCB- and only -RCB- yogurt maker that I 've ever owned , but I sure do like this one . I have made several batches of yogurt so far , and they have all turned out perfectly . I used some organic plain yogurt as a starter . I do n't think you need to purchase starter in a package , unless one was after a specific culture . Once again , a nice yogurt maker that 's high quality and easy to use . The thermometer that comes with it is invaluable . Nice that it 's included .
 We bought this product due to the lack of soy yogurt availability in all the places we travel . I would like to have known from the product description that it would work using alternatives to traditional dairy . Since receiving the product my husband has made several batchs of soy milk yogurt , learning the little tricks needed to make a good firm product . This maker is very easy to use and produces consitantly good yogurt . This is a vast improvement over the little cups that do not product enough at one time to make it worth spending the time making yogurt . To be perfectly satisfied , one must experiment with the incubation time to obtain the consistancy wanted .
 I LOVE this yogurt maker . This appliance makes perfect yogurt every time and it is absolutely no work at all . The key is bringing your milk to a beginning boil , then cooling it to room temperature before adding your starter so that you do n't have any other bacteria in the milk but your starter . I like to leave my cultured milk sit in the yogurt maker overnight for a nice solid curd . I save on starter by starting my next batch with about 1/2 C. of previously-made yogurt . I do that over and over again until it no longer works . Your purchased powdered starter will last almost indefinitely in the refrigerator and you wo n't need to purchase fresh starter for a long time using this method . I love the large size of this yogurt maker , as I prefer to make one large batch instead of small individual cups of yogurt since I make a yogurt smoothie with fresh fruit every day for one of my meals , so I go through it pretty quickly .
 I bought this as a replacement for another unit I had n't bought to long ago w / little glass jars . Love that one too but did n't take long to realize I really wanted my yogurt much thicker than I was able to make it.Long story short I was straining several little jars and spending way to much time and effort.Sent the other unit to a friend and bought the Yogourmet.Super simple to use . I do n't know if I just did n't read the product description well enough or if they were n't terribly clear . I thought it was going to have liquid in an inner wall . You add just a wee bit of water to the outer tub per one of two raised lines inside for either one or two quarts of yogurt.I have no issue of dropping the yogurt container itself into the cooking unit as others have had . There 's not a lot of excess room but I do n't feel like the tub is going to plop into the water and make a mess . There 's also plenty of room for my fat fingers to pull the tub out when cooking is finished.The lid does n't have a super seal on it but tight enough not to pop off upon removal of the cooking tub.The unit as a whole does n't take up much counter top space at all . No more than my coffee machine.They 're not kidding you can have yogurt in as little as 4 1/2 hours . I was letting the little jars cook up to 12 in hopes of getting a nice thick product.I like my yogurt thick . Peanut butter thick . I got 2 cheese bags w / my unit and ca n't believe I was straining before w / coffee filters . How much nicer this is ! I can hang the bag in a tall pitcher and leave it in the fridge to do it 's thing w / no extra effort on my part.The bag is very sturdy . I 've twisted and squeezed 4 , 2 quart batches through the first bag , rinsed it then ran it through the washer AND dryer w / no trouble other than a tiny bit of shrinkage . -LRB- The bag is cotton . -RRB- I 'm also losing half my initial investment of milk though . My 2 quarts of yogurt drops to 1 by the time I get the extra whey out . No matter . I know and can pronounce everything in my yogurt . It 's exactly what I want and even w / my lactose intolerance I 'm having no issues w / eating a quart of yogurt every few days by myself . -LRB- This is using organic whole milk -RRB- . Both pieces are super simple to clean up . I 've not bothered to put the inner tub in the dishwasher as it takes seconds to wash by hand . Everything fits back together for easy storage.I love the thermometer . It has two marks on it for the initial heat up and the cool down stages . Makes it so much easier than trying to read the tiny numbers especially if you 're over 40 . If it dies tomorrow I 'll be incredibly sad then probably buy the same unit again.No moving parts , no timer , no frills . A little red light to tell you it 's on . Plug it in it 's on . Unplug it , it 's off . Could n't be more simple.Should you buy one ? Yep , it 'll pay for itself in no time flat , you 'll stop putting all those horrible little plastic tubs in the landfills , you 'll cut down on the little buggers getting shoved to the back of the fridge never to be seen again , you know exactly what you 're eating . Do n't want gelatin in your yogurt ? Do n't put it in there . If mango , kiwi , pepperoni yogurt floats your boat you can sure make it . You wo n't find that in your grocers dairy section.Not to mention you can be as smug as you want when you tell people you make your own yogurt and it 's so much better than anything you can buy in a store at any price .
 This is my first yogurt maker so I have nothing to compare with , and made my decisions based on reading the reviews here . What sold me was the size of the containers and being able to make 2 qts at a time . As tricky as it sounded in some of the posts , it is really extremely simple to make . For 2 qts I use 2 % milk and 1/2 c dry Organic Valley dry non-fat milk that I get through Amazon . I use CBA culture which requires you to maintain a lower temperature -LRB- 75C -RRB- before adding , and it reliably takes 12 hours to incubate -LRB- no checking needed . -RRB- To start it , I use 1/4 cup of leftover yogurt and just 1 pack of the CBA culture instead of 2 . You do n't have to do that , but it seems to assure that the yogurt will be ready with perfect consistency in 12 hours , with the yogurt added alone , it seemed to take 2-4 hours more . I recommend buying a second container if you eat a lot of yogurt . We use it with fruit , instead of sour cream , and in smoothies too . I always have 2 containers going . For the last year , making a gallon a week -LRB- for 2 people -RRB- , I 've never had a problem with the lid exploding as stated in some reviews . The only time I failed is when I tried to make it with coconut milk , but now I read that you 're supposed to mix it with dairy milk -LRB- oops -RRB- . It hardened into a brick and had to be tossed out . I also recommend using a large double boiler to heat it up so it does n't stick and brown at the bottom of the pan like mine till I got the double-boiler . Cool it over a pan of ice water as it takes forever to cool on its own . This way , it 's ready to start in 10 minutes . We pack yogurt for our lunches daily , mixed with a little vanilla , stevia to sweeten , fresh or frozen berries and a sprinkle of granola . We use the bag that comes with it to make Greek yogurt and it 's super creamy and increases the protein per cup that way . I highly recomend it . *** A year later , a few comments to add -- someone 's review said that the plastic inner container contained BPA . This is false . Although the product info on Amazon does not say so , I researched it and it is BPA free . See -LSB- ... -RSB- for reassurance . I 've changed my routine a little . Instead of making Greek yogurt to thicken it which was an extra step and left me with a lot less yogurt , I add a packet of Knox gelatin after the milk has cooled down at the beginning before adding the powdered milk and culture . This also lets me keep the nutritional benefit of the whey which is no longer being discarded . I use an electric whisk to mix in the gelatin -LRB- see gelatin packet directions to see how to proceed -RRB- , and when whisk again when I add the powdered milk and culture , and again at the end of incubation to incorporate everything before I refrigerate it . It looks thin at time of mixing but thickens nicely after refrigeration . If I do n't mix it this way , all the gelatin sits at the top in a layer -LRB- like a whey jello -RRB- and it 's hard to mix in well after it 's cold . Whisking it also prevents the whey from rising to the top when the surface is uneven . Because I always use the CBA probiotic culture , I have to incubate it for 12 hours and the temperature does build up in the incubator , and I do have to remove the top lid after about 8 hours to prevent overheating . This sounds way more complicated than it is after you get your routine down . I 've never made a bad batch of yogurt in 2 years -LRB- except for when I incorrectly tried to make it with the coconut milk -RRB- and I have never had an explosion , or experienced cracks on the bottom as another reviewer said and I make a container of it every weekend .
 I love this machine and have been using it for many years now . It makes a perfect yogurt every time . The machine was actually a gift from my mother when I got married 12 years ago . The gift that keeps on giving is always the best ! I give this company a 100 % positive review . I have never had problems with any of their culture products , with the Yogourmet incubator , or incubation container . The machine itself is fairly basic and easy enough for even a child to use ! I would suggest getting the extra batch jar that Yogourmet makes for their incubator . If you prefer glass , the Yolite 2 quart glass jar fits in the Yogourmet incubator very nicely too . I prefer the Yolite glass jar over the Yogourmet plastic container because I can sterilize the jar in the microwave before using it to make my yogurt . One way or the other , it 's nice to have a second batch container , especially if your family eats yogurt as fast as mine does!I have tried all of the Yogourmet freeze dried starters with fantastic success as well . The Yogourmet Casei Bifidus Acidophilus Probiotic Yogurt Starter , is my favorite , found here on Amazon for a GREAT price . Due to the higher price though , I tend to use the original freeze dried starter the most.I use 2 quarts of milk with the recommended 10 grams of Yogourmet starter . I have found for myself , that the key to making great yogurt is to heat the milk to 185 degrees and continue cooking it at this temperature for 10 minutes . Cooking at this temperature kills any harmful bacteria in the milk that remains even after pasteurization . It also breaks down the proteins in the milk insuring a great yogurt SET . Apparently , the proteins are easier for your body to digest in this broken down state as well . Cool the 2 quarts of milk to 112 degrees , add starter , -LRB- 10 grams freeze dried starter or 1/2 cup leftover yogurt from original batch -RRB- 1 1/2 cups optional powdered milk , up to 1 cup optional sugar and up to 1 tablespoon optional flavoring extracts . Try using honey extract , vanilla extract , raspberry extract , etc. . Incubate until desired tartness is reached . My kids prefer the maximum sugar so the yogurt tastes more like store bought . Although with this much sugar , the milk takes 2x longer to turn into yogurt than the Yogourmet culture package recommends .
 I 've been using this system and the company 's starter for about 10 years now . I had to buy a new machine two years ago because the first machine was no longer heating at the proper temperature -LRB- I had moved to three different states - perhaps it broke on the last move -RRB- . I have always gotten excellent results . Lately , I have been adding warm water to the Yogourmet incubator , plug it in , and mix half a gallon of cold whole milk -LRB- lactose-free -RRB- with the two little packets in the Yogourmet container , whisk extremely well and wait 12 hours . I get great yogurt . I do this because right now it is way too much of a hassle to heat up , cool down , add the starter to a small amount of milk , etc , etc. . I read on the web that you can start with cold milk and the starter , you just need to wait 10-15 hours for it to get to the yogurt stage . We eat our yogurt with raw , local honey . This works for me . I also always use a starter packet because I do not want to waste my time and milk with store-bought yogurt or a small amount of a previously-made batch of homemade yougurt and not have it come out at all . Is it less expensive to make it at home ? I do n't know . All I do know is what is exactly in my yogurt and when it was made . You should eat the batch of yogurt within 10 days to get the most health benefits for your intestinal system . Also , the Tribest Yolife Yogurt Maker - YL-210 has you start with cold milk and the starter every time . Use whole milk and incubate for 15 hours and you get a semi-firm -LRB- not runny at all -RRB- yogurt . If you need it really thick add powdered milk to the cold mix , or just strain it in a cheesecloth bag or yogurt cheese maker . All in all , the Yogourmet is a great machine .
 I make soymilk yogurt exclusively , and this makes a nice large batch . I had a too small unit from another company , and I also had the individual jars which I was not a fan of . This one I can highly recommend , and I am just ordering another container , so I can have one thick-style , and one creamier batch in the refrigerator at the same time .
 I purchased the Yogourmet Electric Yogurt Maker since I wanted to start making our own yogurt and the other reviews were so positive.I am very pleased . It is easy to use , easy to clean , and makes great yogurt . I just use 2 T of a previous batch to start a new quart batch . If I want a sweetened version , I add 1 t of vanilla and 2 T of honey.I have also made yogurt cheese using the supplied cheese bag . It is great!I highly recommend this product .
 I love this yogurt maker ; it makes perfect SCD legal yogurt . I admit that at first I was a bit skeptical that all I had to do was prepare the milk as directed by SCD yogurt instructions , plug it in , and then ... not worry about it . What ? How am I supposed to micromanage the yogurt 's consistency , temperature , color , and progress?I somehow managed to restrain myself , leaving it alone until the 24 hours were up . The yogurt was thick and creamy , with a bit of water on top , and most importantly
 I had been processing my yogurt in quart canning jars in a water-filled cooler . It worked alright , but a little more messing around than I like . We had had one of the Yogourmet makers for many years before it stopped working . When my husband decided that I needed something easier than the cooler , I went searching for a yogurt maker . The Yogourmet still looked like the best one to me . And it is . I heat 2 qts . of milk to 180 degrees in a double boiler ; then remove the top pot and allow the milk to cool to between 110-115 degrees . Pour the milk into the Anchor Hocking glass jar that another reviewer suggested using -LRB- it is the perfect thing for those who want glass -RRB- , add 1 tbsp . of Kalona Super Natural cream-on-top yogurt , mix it well , place it in the Yogourmet maker ; and in 4-5 hours we have yogurt . -LRB- I have found that letting it go longer than 5 hours actually makes the yogurt less firm rather than more firm . -RRB- Put it in the fridge to cool and then strain using unbleached coffee filters to make a Greek-style yogurt .
 I bought this yogurt maker almost two years ago and love it . I used store bought yogurt for starter -LRB- pint size , then you can use container to store homemade yogurt -RRB- . It 's perfect because it uses a half gallon of milk -LRB- I use organic -RRB- and even with a half cup of starter , it all fits . I now use leftover yogurt for the next batch of starter . I heat the milk on high for 10 minutes , stiring occasionally with a wire whisk , use caution as your stovetop may have a varied intensity , but once you figure out the general time , just set the timer , when time is up remove from stovetop , stir , check temperature , and when it 's in the `` green zone '' as shown on the included thermometer , mix in starter , place in container filled as required with warm water , cover and cook for 4-5 hours . It comes out sweet and creamy . I have never had the top explode off the conainer , but have never cooked the yogurt longer than 5 1/2 hours . As another reviewer said , if you use a starter yogurt made with gelatin , your first homemade batch will be watery . But hang in there , your next batch will be delightful . I am very happy with this product . My favorite healthy dessert is now fresh yogurt with thawed organic blueberries no sweetener needed .
 A friend recommended this product to me . I use organic milk and add a cup of instant dried milk for added protein and a packet of unflavored gelatin . Have used `` Stoneyfield Farms '' plain 6-ounce yogurt as starter . Turns out perfect every time . Delicious mild taste that goes perfect with berries , granola , and just plain . My friend tried it at our high altitude in the oven as well as using other methods , but this has worked for her , and it works for me every time . I now have owned it about a year and has been used constantly . I just love it ! No problems with it at all.Addendum : I put the yogourmet into the dishwasher -LRB- well , the insert container -RRB- , and the plastic is peeling . So I just ordered a new one , but I now recommend that you hand-wash the insert .
 I got my long-awaited yogurt maker for Christmas . I wanted to make a batch that day ! To my disappointment , there was no starter included , and of course all the stores are closed for Christmas . Most other products of this type allow you to open the box , wash it , and use it right away.OK , now that i have vented I am off to the store to get starter .
 I 'm really enjoying my Yogourmet 2 quart electric yogurt maker . This is my first time making my own yogurt . But instructions were easy , and every batch has been excellent . First when it arrived , I did n't have any starter . My local health food store was out of stock , but I was told `` all the grocery stores have it '' . After trying 2 grocery stores without success , I improvised . I had a probiotic in my fridge
 I love this yogurt maker for making fresh homemade yogurt . However , I have had some issues with it 's durability - this is the 3rd maker I have owned in 3 years and my previous two eventually develop cracks in the bottom of the container after weekly use . It 's a bit pricey considering its durability , but I have not found a better product yet to replace it with .
 This purchase replaces the yogurt maker I had used for 15 years . It works as well as the original , something that does not always happen after 15 years . I am completely pleased with it .
 I 've had the Yogourmet yogurt maker for about 6 months now and love it . No , it has no bells or whistles , but it works ! Yes , I have to heat my milk and cool it , but once I 've added it to the Yogourmet yogurt maker I can just leave . Three hours , four , five - whenever I come back I can open the lid , tilt the bucket and judge if it 's done . I use my own starter -LRB- from the previous batch -RRB- and have never had a bad batch . I used a crockpot before this , and never felt comfortable with it , plus created some pretty ugly -LRB- though edible -RRB- yogurt . One example was my `` cottage yogurt , '' curdy lumpy stuff which tasted ok but definitely was n't nice . What I get from this yogurt maker is a nice thick , delicious product that I enjoy daily.Simple is beautiful !
 As long as you follow the instructions you will have a foolproof way to make yogurt in this machine . The enclosed cotton bag gets a lot of use at my house since I like thicker yogurt . Great purchase - I 'd recommend to anyone that eats a lot of yogurt .
 Works well enough . I do n't like that I need to use a dimmer switch to more precisely control the temperature so that it does n't run too hot . You 'd figure considering it only does this one thing , and considering the price , that it would do it well and keep the yogurt at the perfect temp . But maybe `` the perfect temp '' is up for debate and the SCD diet just wants it a little lower ... Either way , in the end it works and I eat yummy yogurt daily .
 I 'm getting used to making yogurt , and liking it , thanks to the Yogourmet from Amazon . The only drawback is removing the full container from its `` bath '' when it is done , but I ca n't think of a better way of designing it , since it has to be a snug fit , for it to keep a steady warmth . I do like the large size very much , and it was because my sister had one that I decided the large size is the way to go , for me . I eat a lot of yogurt , and the closer to real the better , no added stuff , and nothing synthetic . I have had good results , taste-wise , but it is drinkable , not thick . I am enjoying getting used to it , and experimenting a little . It is really very simple to do , and sits nicely out of the way while it is `` cooking . '' Thank you , Amazon , for a good deal ! I could n't find it cheaper anywhere else .
 My husband and I recently purchased the Yogourmet yogurt maker and love it . We have recently switched to a vegan diet and have been unable to find any soy yogurt around our area . We use soy milk and after cooking , always put the yogurt in the cloth bag and hang it to drip most of the liquid out . This makes the most creamy , wonderful tasting yogurt we have ever had . There is no comparison to something you would buy in the store . The yogurt maker is very simple to use and clean . I would recommend this to anyone .
 This inexpensive device makes great yogurt , so what 's not to like ? It 's simple and seems sturdy enough , and there 's really no complicated electronic settings to fool with . Once you do it a few times , you 'll discover the right length of cooking times and ingredients mix to get the style of yogurt you want . Making yogurt does require a bit of time and effort in cooking and cooling the milk , but other than that it 's quite simple . Bottom line
 Had this a month now and use it nearly twice a week as I 've taken to making smoothies for breakfast . It 's easy , quick and makes good yogurt .
 This makes the best I Have ever eaten and it is so easy
 It works . Now , I make fresh yogurt every week . I realy enjoy it . I make yogurt the way I like , the type I like and the time that I like to eat . Easy to work .
 A very versatile yoghurt maker . It can also take regular 1 quart yoghurt containers from stores to make yoghurt . Usually , it takes 4-5 hours to make a batch of yoghurt .
 In the five years I have owned this yogourmet yogurt maker , I estimate that I have made perhaps 280 2 quart batches of yogurt . I pretty much have it down to a science . I was interested to read that some folks here talk about the device overheating and killing the good bacteria . I think this concern may be overblown . The device does get warm but as long as it 's not over about 115f , the yogurt should be fine . I ferment mine for 24 hours to get rid of all the sugar and the end result is a very creamy and tart yogurt perfect for blueberries , cinnamon , and chopped walnuts and of course much better than anything you could buy at the store.I use one quart of half and half and one quart of Vit D whole milk along with the two packets yogourmet starter . This produces a yogurt that is creamy but not overly so as when you up the percentage of half and half to milk . Be careful with the half and half you choose . I was using a brand from TG Lee which when I read the label , actually contained HFCS . What the h@##!? Since when is corn syrup needed for half and half ? Here I am trying to do something healthy for myself and the food science d-bags have to corrupt a product as simple as half n half . The best kind of half and half is just the store brand which contains nothing but milk and cream.Oh and I 've made every mistake possible -LRB- I think -RRB- while making yogurt . I 've let the pot boil over too many times to count , I 've had a bottle of wine spill and a few drops get into the fermenting yogurt . I 've had the yogurt come out runny for no apparent reason which I later determined to be crappy half and half which was separating in the refrigerator -LRB- see half and half rant above -RRB- . I 've used all milk -LRB- runny yogurt -RRB- and all half and half -LRB- too creamy -RRB- . I 've boiled the milk and realized I had no starter . I 've forgotten to clean the device well enough and had bizarre smelling water after the cycle -LRB- did n't trust that yogurt , threw it out -RRB- . I 've boiled the milk and only had one packet of starter -LRB- worked fine -RRB- . I 've dropped the wet batch jar after 24 hours of fermenting -LRB- bummer -RRB- . I 've turned on the water in the sink next to the sink where the hot milk/half mixture was cooling and corrupted the milk having to throw it all away -LRB- sucks -RRB- . I 've forgotten to take the yogurt out after 24 hours until the next morning -LRB- bummer , no yogurt to wake up to -RRB- . I 've had the power go out on the yogurt maker . Etc , etc , etc. . You would n't think it would be so easy to screw up but it happens.Anyway , enough said , it 's a great machine with my only slight concern being the polypro batch jar . If they could just make this thing with a ceramic jar , I 'd gladly pay the cost to get it .
 I bought this yogart maker to use in making a large batch of yogart and it works great . I highly recommend it .
 Overpriced for what it is , but this is a great product nonetheless . The large capacity is nice if you eat a lot of yogurt . I make a half gallon with 5-6 c powdered milk , adding a half cup brown sugar , a teaspoon of vanilla extract and a half package gelatin . Inoculate with about a quarter cup of fresh yogurt and let it incubate 6-8 hours . This is wonderful alone or with added frozen fruit . The powdered milk is more convenient and less expensive than bottled milk . Good luck .
 I 'm very please with this little blender . Holds quite a bit and was powerful enough to handle hard , frozen fruit . Have n't tried ice yet but I know it will do great . It blends quickly and the dispenser actually works great ! It 's made of plastic so may crack if handled too rough , but overall I 'm extremely pleased . Does exactly what it 's supposed to .
 Chops ice good . Does a good job making Smoothie 's . A bitnoisy . Good price / value .
 Great product for making smoothies . Helpful to start with liquid and soft ingredients first . Add the frozen fruit or ice cubes last . It will blend better . The pulse rate and stir stick come in handy . The bottom will not unscrew for cleaning .
 I bought it because I thought I would be blending alot but I was n't so I gave it to my grandparents . They love it because they do n't have to pick up the whole thing to pour it out . The spout works fine . It may be loud but all blenders are loud .
 This is absolutely my favorite kitchen utensil ! I use it everyday . I have bought three for myself -LRB- 2 medium , 1 small -RRB- and six as `` just because '' gifts for the cooks in my family ! Ca n't cook without it . Stop thinking ... buy it !
 Heat resistant , dishwasher safe and one piece design . This spatula is great for everyday cooking . It also has a sharp point on the end that helps when scrapping the bottom of a pan .
 I bought the pink Silicone Zone Tripod Pot Holder and it not only works great for taking hot items out of the microwave and oven , but it 's also my `` go-to '' item when I 'm wrestling with a tough-to-open jar or bottle . It gives you a better grip and I have n't found anything yet I could n't get open using it . I have n't used it as a trivet as my counters are stone , so one is n't necessary . An unexpected benefit is that since I keep it in a drawer right by my oven where it gets used frequently as a pot holder , when I run into that inevitable stuck jar lid , I always know right where this handy little tool is . My old jar-opener was always buried deep in the back of a utensil drawer .
 The perfect funnel . Use in narrow or wide mouth jars . Great for hot foods and liquids ... wo n't melt like the plastic ones sometimes do . It is even heavier than I expected which means it wo n't `` tip '' . For the money , this is the best funnel I 've ever owned .
 This is a nice item . It is sturdy , has not rusted . It comes out of the dishwasher looking like new every time . It 's a funnel , of course it works.One person mentioned a small inward curve at the narrow end of the funnel . Food does not get caught on it , this person is hallucinating . This is obviously a safety feature . Without this inward curve , anyone who fell down on it would suffer a bad circle-shaped laceration . My compliments to the manufacturer for building in this safety feature .
 This is perfect for dumping a pound of hot roasted coffee into a mason jar . The steel handles the heat very well and the shape sits securely on the jars . It 's also very easy to clean with just a wipe of a paper towel or quick rinse in the sink or dishwasher .
 Getting sauerkraut into regular quart canning jars can be a little messy , Even with wide mouth jars you lose a lot of time or spill a lot of cabbage getting the jars full . With this , no problem .
 This funnel is GREAT !!! It 's easy to clean , fits small to large glass jars ... what can I say ? It 's perfect and will save you a lot of time and cleanup when you are canning ! The best I 've seen , and you need one to contain every bit of your hard work in preserving ! Buy one , you wo n't regret it . Also , you only have to buy it once , unless you loan it to a friend , and then , you probably wo n't get it back ... it 's that good .
 Being that this funnel is stainless steel , it will never rust or even discolor . Its reasonably priced and definitely worth it . However I do agree with the other reviewer here that relates the difference in inside and outside diameters . If you are buying this for one specific purpose make absolutely certain that what your intending it for can handle a 2 1/8 opening . For it definitely has the 1/8 added to the outside that could be a big issue for some buyers ...
 I had an aluminum one that lasted for 40 years , but I never liked it . My gf bought me this one , and it 's perfect . I love it , and I love her for buying it .
 I 've used this many times now for canning and other purposes and have no complaints ! I especially love that it is stainless steel so it is safe to use with hot food .
 I love this item . My mother had given me one years ago but its only about half the size as this one . I had so much canning to so this year & I used this alot . I definitely got my money 's worth out of this purchase . I 'd recommmend it to everyone that could use a helping hand when canning .
 Very nice functional item . Handle is a plus . Much better than like items made of plastics .
 I really like the Stainless Steel . It wo n't bend or crack if dropped onto a stone tile floor and I feel it is easier to sterilize . The only drawback is that it does n't have a fill line like my old plastic one so I am guestimating when I fill the jars .
 A wide funnel teamed with a large ladle makes breezing through large quantities of canning tomatoes much less stressful .
 Nice heavy duty funnel . Works as described . It 's a funnel for pete 's sake .
 2 funnels arrived timely and are great for canning . I 've used mine for tomatoes , green beans , and apples so far . They are large enough that you co n't waste time waiting for food to go down .
 The product arrived promptly . It is a very nice funnel . I use it a lot . Well pleased with it .
 This funnel worked perfect . Arrived on time and it was exactly what I needed .
 This is a small spatula , but I find myself using it for almost every cooking task . It has no seams or open spaces to catch sauces or food , so it 's very easy to clean , and , because of the stainless steel core , the blade has a great stiffness to it that makes it easy to scrape the insides of bowls , pots and food processors . It also is very resistant to staining from sauces .
 Very good value for the money , beautiful in appearance and very functional very French onion soup and dishwasher safe . Very pleased with my purchase !
 I ordered these for my wife as she has been wanting Onion Soup Crocks for a long time . -LSB- ... -RSB- When they came , I did n't even know what they were at first because they were so well protected in paper & bubble wrap.My wife loves them and plans on making onion soup this week -LRB- yay for me -RRB- .
 These crocks came in undamaged , -LRB- which after reading other reviews was my biggest concern -RRB- , and are exactly what I was looking for ! Very happy with my purchase .
 This was a gift for my husband who loves to cook . The crocks were packaged well and arrived unbroken . We use them all the time .
 Made french onion soup the other day . It was delicious and these were just the bowls I was looking for .
 My husband was delighted - it was just what he wanted . It also arrived before Christmas , which was sooner than promised .
 I bought these crocs as a gift . They came very quickly , within three days . They were packaged well and the quality looks excellent . They are very thick , and appeared to be well-made . The stock photo makes the crocs appear much more mustard yellow and they actually are . They 're closer to a brownish yellow . The only problem I saw was the white rim around the top had some flaws in the paint . But overall I would recommend this product .
 Because you had a review from someone who had bought the same frozen onion soup from COSTCO that we had , all of our questions were answered ie . crock capacity and oven temp. , it was perfect . Thanks
 the handle has issues . The little hole in the handle collects water and it 's hard to get it back out . Other than that I like it .
 These are wonderful ! Beautiful color , since they 're ceramic they have a solid feel , the lid is perfect for keeping soup hot and the handle great for carrying to the table . I purchased as a gift for a friend who loves to make soup and was so impressed with how much he liked them , I ordered a set for myself ! Great purchase !
 I am very satisfied with these onion bowls . They are well made and excellent in retaining the soup hot . They are very pretty exactly as shown.This order was also sent promptly and well protected . I will certainly from this dealer again . It is my first experience buying anything from Amazon and I will continue using them.Thanks
 I got these for my mom as a gift , being that she is a person that you can not but any thing for as she always takes every thing back she loved these , arrive on time not broke and she kept them . good deale for the momey
 The crocks were a bit darker in person but that is n't a problem for me . I bought these for my niece as a wedding present and they arrived very tightly packed -LRB- which made be very happy -RRB- . Item was just as I expected and very well made . I was very happy with the price also .
 The 1st four were so great that we purchased a second set of four so that we could share my wifes French Onion Soup with more friends ... Great Bowls of Fire ...
 This is an excellent product . They arrived in great condition and we just love them .
 One came with the lip a little chipped , but , otherwise , my wife loves them and they 're great soup bowls for French Onion or otherwise !
 These crocks are awesome ! Perfect for that snowy day indoors with baked french onion soup . Super easy to clean up too .
 These crocks were exactly what I was looking for and the price was right too ! I wanted the type of onion soup crocks that restaurants use but could never seem to find the right color or the right size . These HIC crocks were the right size and color . I love them and my onion soup turns out beautifully in them . When the cheese drips down the sides , they look just like they do in the restaurants . I highly recommend this product .
 These crocks are the old , brown mainstays of every French cook 's kitchen for decades . Durable , broiler safe , and dishwasher safe , these crocks are a must for French Onion Soup , not to mention a hundred other ideas that will come to mind once you have them . And the Amazon price
 I bought these for my husband because he wanted to be able to make french onion soup and serve it in crocks . They are fine , the quality is nice , although they are too small to make a meal of french onion soup . We also have n't found any other use for them , so they mostly just take up shelf space .
 I am very happy with these bowls . They are big enough to make a nice crock of onion soup , chili and more ... but not too big . The color is more brown and less red than the photos show but this is classic onion soup crockery . They are nicely formed and I ca n't find a single blemish , pinhole or anything else ... the finish is excellent.They were also a good bargain since I got free shipping and the price was lower than anywhere else I could find these bowls ... when I could even find them . For some reason , a quality set like this was only at a few stores on the Internet . One store price was nearly double the Amazon price , and most places did n't have sets of good quality and classic design .
 Received the onion soup crocks and tried them immediately . Large capacity and easy to insert and remove from the oven.East cleanup
 We had bought frozen French Onion Soup at Costco , not realizing we needed crocks to cook it . These crocks work great for the purpose - however they do n't bubble over the top , instead the soup is about an inch below the top . That 's fine , just not the exact presentation you 'd get making it from scratch.We also figure we can use these for dips when we have parties.The color is more brown than yellow . It 's kind of a darker mustard brown .
 I 've been looking for onion soup crocks at a good price . I love these - the perfect size , ceramic , and love the handles.Mine arrived in good condition . If others have received the crocks with broken bowls/lids , I urge you to contact Amazon customer service . Amazon customer is fan-freaking-tastic . In my experience , when Amazon , itself , does n't sell an item , Amazon customer service then refers you to the customer service of the company which sells the items . Usually these are US companies that import the products , and those companies count on good reviews here and other sites to stay in business .
 This is a really cute set with lids but there is no proper packaging for this at all . Buyer has no protective bubble wrap or wrapping paper . Received 2 ceramic bowls -LRB- half the set -RRB- that were completely cracked and broken and unusable . Why not take some time to properly package these delicate ceramic bowls .
 I was very please on how quickly it came , and nothing was broken . I have yet to be disappointed by Amazon and its suppliers .
 This crock is the perfect size for my soup as a side . The lids help to keep it hot and the handle is great for maintaining control especially around the younger ones .
 I was sort of skeptical when I ordered this product since it 's supposed to be so versatile . It actually works ! :--RRB- It is the first potholder I 've ever found that actually keeps my hands from feeling the heat . Regular potholders always leave me hopping trying to get the pan out of the oven and down before I get a blister . This thing works great . It also is totally non slip and that is a lifesaver . The only thing I did n't like was they have these little `` envelopes '' to stick your fingers in on the back . That did n't work for me so I just grab it and it works fine .
 I bought this item on a whim and have fallen in love with it ! It is nice to have items that multifunction - especially having limited storage space in a kitchen like mine . This is a perfect three-in-one item that does it all . Typically it seems that you loose some level of function with a multitasking took but not with this ! It does it all well and is even stain resistant . I spilled spaghetti sauce on it last week -LRB- I could immediately see the stain marks -RRB- - all it took was one quick rinse and it was brand new ! Definately a great tool to keep handy !
 Great product since I 'm clearly a weakling ... even my 6 yr old runs to get it when I 'm trying to open a jar .
 If you have ever wondered whether Eddie Bauer is worth the extra money , the answer is yes . We have bought cheap backpacks for my teenage son for quite a while now , and they are usually destroyed within a semester . The usual problems are straps tearing off and zippers breaking . The EB backpack has been in use for about six weeks with none of the warning signs of impending disintegration . A great buy !
 Overall I 'm happy with this backpack . The only drawback which is very minor is that one of the zippers gets stuck . It is however a zipper on a small pouch . Had it been one of the larger zippers I would have returned it in exchange for another .
 This review is essentially a comparison of these 12 Piece Stainless Steel Condiment Cups vs. the Steeltek 18/8 Stainless Steel Pinch Bowls , Set of 4 . They 're both fabulous ! Review as follows ... The 12 piece set bowls are slighly smaller in diameter , but dramatically deeper ... endless household uses , from perfect size for a dessert cup -LRB- picture 1 medium sized scoop of ice cream fitting perfectly ! -RRB- , ketchup , melted butter , gourmet sauces at the table , or dip bowls for platters , Easter egg coloring bowls , finger paint bowls , digging in the dirt bowls for kids , etc. . The 4 set pinch bowls are a bit larger in diameter , but MUCH shallower . Still OK for `` pinching '' dry ingredients when cooking , serving bowls for condiments -LRB- perfect for Guac ! -RRB- , perhaps a candle holder , etc. . I ordered both , and kept this 12 piece set -LRB- the deeper bowls -RRB- , and returned the 4 piece -LRB- shallower -RRB- bowls . Also , the 12 piece set is a rock out loud steal ! If you want shallower bowls , get the 4 piece pinch bowls . If you want deeper bowls , get this 12 piece condiment cup set . Both appear to be of excellent quality , not flimsy . Rather , they 're a mid weight metal high gloss polished stainless steel . They 're both beautiful !
 These stainless steel cups were exactly what I was looking for as AuJus cups . They can be warmed in the oven and are the right size to fit on the plate or table . They were also a great price !
 I wish I had these YEARS ago , they are the perfect size for condiments , nuts , holding assorted small amounts of any sort . I would have gladly bought two sets , but there was only the one left that I bought . Incredibly , they are no longer being made by Steeltek . A pitty , as they are worth evey penny .
 This steel core small spatula cleans the jar perfectly , can stand up to 300 degree Celcius/572F , and does not stain . I use it to scrape my turmeric rice , and none of the stubborn turmeric yellow color stains the spatula . A big plus . The silicone covers the whole spatula making cleaning easy as there is no seam where food remains can stick to.First we considered to buy Zyliss Silicone All-Purpose Spatula , but after looking at it at a local store , we decided to buy the SiliconeZone spatula because its silicone covers the spatula from the head to the end of the handle whereas the Zyliss silicone is only halfway up the handle so food remains can still collect in the seam . Nonetheless the cheaper Zyliss spatula is still an ergonomic and thoughtfully-designed spatula . So it is all up to your taste and preferences .
 I have both the medium & small spatulas & do a lot of cooking & baking . They are absolutely wonderful
 I ordered a twin for my daughters bed and a queen for my bed and it is just lovely . Wash it first but you will have chenille everywhere but then it stops and is very fluffy . If you would like it to touch the floor then order one size bigger than you mattress . Fast delivery and a great company to work with .
 Looking all over for this now hard to find Kosta Boda item , I was very happy to find it here at a fair price . The dilema is which Kosta Boda car to hitch it behind !
 Ghirardelli is the best tasting chocolate I have ever had . You can NOT go wrong with this gift !
 For a simple and great gift ... this is it . I would love to have one for myself and the chocolate is excellent !
 Purchased this to have on hand as a gift . Neat little gift and nice packaging . Worked great for a Valentine 's treat for a teacher .
 If you do n't have a lot of money to spend this holiday season , but still want to give gifts people will love , check out this small bag of Ghiradelli chocolates ! It 's a great price for a small gift to a friend or coworker , and who does n't love chocolate , right ?! I just love the little tote bag , too ! It 's very stylish and makes a great lunchbag once the chocolate 's all gone !
 This champagne bucket is the perfect gift for a housewarming , a holiday party , a bridal shower , a wedding , a new job , or just to have . It is my go-to gift.Every home needs a good champagne bucket ... and this is the one ! It 's construction is well-made and with quality material ; the style is simple and elegant , sleek , and even sexy . Every day is a good day to celebrate with a chilled bottle of champagne . Have this bucket ready for the occasion .
 Looks very nice and is perfect for a bottle of champaign . It 's classy while not too expensive
 Gorgeous ! Sleek , highly polished , mirror finish stainless steel bucket . I ordered a bunch to use around the house . Found them to be PERFECT in the bathroom as tub side holder for shampoos , conditioners , facial scrubs , etc. . It 's a little wider at the top , and tapers to a slightly narrower bottom -LRB- see dimensions below -RRB- . Holds about 8 or so haircare & skincare items ... of course this is just an estimate . I 'll tell you what 's in one of mine right now . Three 13 oz . bottles , two 16 oz . bottles , one 8 oz . bottle , three six oz . tubes -LRB- conditioner & facial scrub & mask -RRB- , and lastly , one 7 oz . jar plus another 16 oz . jar -LRB- both are around 3 and a half inch diameter , one 's taller -RRB- ... and the bucket 's a bit of `` overstuffed '' with those 11 items . When I use up a few items , I 'll scale back to 8 or 9 items only . -LRB- I tend to alternate between a lot of brands of shampoo ... of those 11 items , 7 are shampoos , so I 'll just scale back to 4 or 5 shampoos -RRB- . The sturdy , simple carrying handle 's attached to the exterior , so it does ` nt detract from interior bucket space . The metal is solid & sturdy -LRB- not flimsy looking like the larger oval party bucket also offered for sale here -RRB- , & so is the carrying handle -LRB- which , by the way , remains in the `` down '' position , loosely resting along either side of the top half opening of the bucket , and easily lifts up with a simple grasp , when you want to pick up & carry the bucket -RRB- . I plan to use some in my kid 's play room , the kitchen , and get some more to give as gifts ... It 'll be PERFECT as a wine cooler , a small beer or soda bucket , an ice bucket , or even would be great for picking berries ! -LRB- For any folks lucky enough to live where that sort of thing is still done ! -RRB- This bucket has a zillion and one uses , exudes a casual elegance , is adaptable all the way from formal dinner parties to kid 's room for holding a lots of very small toys or crayons & markers . One thing I do n't know , is whether it would be smart to try to use it for garage or outdoor storage , I 'd be afraid it might rust . Although , it does seem perfect for an indoor planter ! Dimensions ... 8 & three quarter inch top diameter , 6 & three quarter inch bottom diameter , 7 & a half inches tall . I 'm amazed & extremely pleased with the simple beauty , extreme usefulness , & versatility of this bucket . 5 stars seems insufficient ... I 'd give it 100 ! Hope this review helps if your ' e on the fence about whether to buy or not ... the way I do it is to try ordering one to see if I like it , then order more if yes . If not , I 'd end up useing it it somewhere anyway , and just would n't order anymore ! I have a half dozen so far , and plan to order more !
 My favorite things seem to be both attractive and functional , and this stainless steel bucket qualifies on both counts . I feel a bit sheepish to lavish praise on , well , a bucket . But this is a great bucket , seriously . I 've been using one as a compost pail for over a year now , and it 's holding up beautifully . I did put rubber feet on it , since it sits on my concrete porch most of the time . It has a ventilated disposable pie pan for a lid , so in my mind , it 's not even unsightly.Yes , this is quite a fancy item for such a mundane purpose , and it would certainly lend itself to more elegant uses . But it 's very sturdy and serviceable , and roomy enough to let me be lazy now and then . It also makes me feel extravagant every time I add a few kitchen scraps , or make the occasional pilgrimage to the compost pile.Unless the welds on the tabs give way , this little beauty will probably outlive me , and perhaps be squabbled over by my heirs . What more could one resonably ask of a bucket , anyway ?
 Cute plain little ice bucket and works for the price . Nothing fancy here but works well for different glasses , cups , etc. . I would buy again .
 I use this bucket for camping . It is great for hauling water , collecting dirty dishes , and it is quite sturdy . I have taken it on 3 camping trips so far , and it has handled the abuse quite well . For those who do historical re-enactment camping , this is a nice looking bucket as well . For the price , this is an excellent value .
 Can only echo other reviewer 's comments and add that it makes a great champagne bucket also .
 All Corning products are great . The only slight drawback is they are heavy to hold with arthritic hands , but still very usable .
 We purchased this to give to a couple that are having their first baby soon , and the theme was Turtles , because the father loves turtles that he wanted to name the little girl Honu for turtle in Hawaiian . They loved it and thought it was beautiful , which is the title for this review .
 The picture did n't seem to show the fringed edges , and I might not have ordered it if I knew it was fringed , but the throw has wonderful colors and is quite unusual . I find it a good product and a good value .
 This double video set is a very informative and entertaining tool for any weather observer . It goes into enough detail regarding the subjects to tell of the dangers the people experiencing these phenomena underwent that the viewer can feel their anguish , but not enough to become gruesome or mawkish . The videos relate many of the signs to watch for when threatening weather develops and the advances made by the National Weather Service over the last few years to allow them to better predict dangerous conditions . These are well-made and informative videos .
 Great Price and service . Highly recommended
 I love this neckroll pillow . It completes the bedding set I have . It is beautiful and lovely .
 I purchased this dish for an unconventional use
 This is a sterdy hard plastic candy mold . Cheap too . It was shipped the next day after my purchase and I had it in less than 4 days
 this worked well ... I made chocolate pops , let them cool and they popped out with no problem ... I also used candy on the skull and bones and filled it with chocolate and it worked well too
 Just what I was looking for . I 'm not putting sticks in it I just wanted the circle part at this time . It 's for my grandaughers birthday cupcakes . Know my grown son want 's some on his next birthday cake . I enjoy making candy from mold 's and will be adding this to my collection of molds . Quick delivery and best S & h price . Thank you ...
 This is a really nice water pitcher and the ice catcher works well . The stainless steel seems to be of good quality and construction . The pitcher has a big footprint in the refrigerator due to the elongated spout and large handle , but the spout pours very cleanly with no drips .
 I was looking for a pitcher to fill water buckets in our kennel.This one is just what I needed no sharpe edges around the handle or spout , good size , well made !
 If you 've got a funnel -LRB- and what well dressed kitchen does n't ? -RRB- , these shakers are ample and you wo n't need to fill them very often . They are easy to keep clean , sturdy and have the right weight for good stainless steel . I love them ; though I 've reassigned their roles . I use the cocoa shaker for powdered sugar , the large holed shaker for stove top salt used in cooking , the salt and pepper shaker for the kitchen table . I think it 's an outstanding value for the price and would make a good gift for anyone who cooks .
 Put together an espresso bar for my wife and they worked out great but I wish they were a little smaller . These would work great in a shop but just a little to big for home . Other then that they work great .
 I just purchased this set and LOVE it . I have been looking for a stainless steel salt and pepper shaker for some time but did n't want to pay a premium price . This fit the bill and as a bonus I got a cocoa and cheese shaker as well . The large size makes them easy to handle while cooking and they make a stylish piece placed on the stove top . I do n't believe they will clog any worse than the average salt & pepper shakers as all will clog when exposed to moisture . The bottom hole for filling is easy and convenient.For the money they are an excellent buy .
 Nice looking party tub is great for keeping bottled water or soft drinks cold for our business meetings .
 This tub was smaller than I expected but will hold ice and about 12 canned drinks . When we used it for a larger party we actually used this tub for ice and it was great for that with one exception - the tub was placed on a table cloth and it `` sweats '' terribly so if you plan to put it on any surface and you put ice in it please be prepared for that area to become very wet . If not for that I would rate this 5 stars .
 Very simple , very solid . It holds about 15 utensils . I could n't believe that I paid only $ 10 for this .
 This is a really nicely made holder . It 's heavy and holds quite abit . I really like it .
 I am so impressed with this utensil holder . It is much larger , and heavier , than I thought it would be . Just perfect for fitting quite a few spatulas , long spoons , a sieve and other items I want handy on my counter . In fact , it is such a quality item that I am ordering another one today . You need this type item to help you get organized . If you like to do a lot of cooking you do not want to have the utensils stuck away in a drawer . Have everything out in easy reach . This stylish holder will do its part .
 I can only agree with the other reviewers of this product and join them in singing its praises from the rooftops.I have particular empathy with the review of busy recording artist MIA , who took time out from ` da ' street and her hectic recording schedule and then wanted colouring impressed after her experiences with the Steeltek Stainless Steel Utensil Holder . I also wholeheartedly support reviewer Enid Press , who , in reviewing the holder , let her imagination run riot and nearly fell out of her 2nd floor kitchen window doing so . Marvellous stuff.I have to say though , if I were to imagine anything happening to my SSSUH -LRB- imagine saying that with a stutter -RRB- it would n't be that it fell out of the window and suffered only a tiny scratch , it would be that it never fell out of the window at all , and in fact , was n't a Steel Utensil Holder , but a box containing a million , gazillion pounds , delivered to me after a mix-up in the amazon.com warehouse.But this is n't my imagination , it 's an informative review , so let 's look at the SSSUH in more detail.Hailing from Sheffield , I know good steel when I see it , and the steel in the SSSUH is definitely good steel . In fact , if roly-poly Welshman Robert Carlyle were to see it , he would almost certainly deem it `` reet good steel '' , it 's that good . He 'd probably then nearly certainly try to cover it up with a fireman 's helmet , and make a quip about the size of his manhood - all testament to the goodness of this good steel.Talking of helmets , the SSSUH doubles up fantastically well as a item that is n't mentioned on the box.Been invited to a Christmas party ? Are you a man ? Struggling for an outfit idea ? Simple . Simply turn the SSSUH upside down , and voila , you 're the Man in the Iron Mask * . Brilliant . * You might like to cut a whole in the `` mask '' so you can see where you 're going , and grease up the inside as well , or you 'll never pull it off once it 's over your nose .
 I thought that this met and exceeded my expectations . It looks great in my kitchen and is very heavy duty . It looks smooth and shiny and is easy to clean . It 's also worth repeating that this is very heavy duty , thick and heavy . I read one other review that said she recieved a broken one , and I do n't see how that 's even possible for this product ... maybe it was something else ?? Anyway , I recommend it especially for the price .
 But fellow Amazon shoppers , do n't be dissuaded by some of the comments about the quality of this item . For the price and for its intended purpose it is an absolute bargain .
 Excellent quality . Just the right size for kitchen use . I bought an extra for my patio to provide a safe place to empty ashtrays -LRB- no more hot-butt fires in the trash can ! -RRB- The picture shows a matte finish but the last one I received was highly polished . Looks great !
 Other reviews had written that this product was not a brushed steel , but was instead a shiny finish . However , the other reviews were so good that I decided to go ahead and buy the prodcut anyway . I was pleasantly surprised when the product arrived and did indeed have a brushed finish . It matches my other appliances perfectly . It is an ideal size -LRB- I have around 10-12 pieces stored in it -RRB- and is very study . I would highly recommend it !
 It 's heavy-duty , and very polished . I like the rubber bottom , because it stays on the counter . The height is perfect so that it does n't fall over . Good size and looks great with other metal utensils -- even wood utensils !
 It 's exactlly as pictured . It hold about 13 large cookware utensils.It looks stylish and is an excellent way to store your cooking utensils.I 'd highly recommend this product .
 This is unbelievably well constructed for the price . It is heavy and sturdy . Loaded with utensils , it makes no attempt to fall over . I was pleasantly surprised considering the very low price .
 It 's nice , heavy , relatively roomy -LRB- at least compared to the one it replaces -RRB- but the finish is n't the brushed finish expected . It 's more of a mirrored finish . Still , it 's nice enough , especially for the price , that we went ahead and kept it and are satisfied .
 Like one of the reviewers above , the unit I just received is also NOT at all a true brushed stainless , and is actually quite a shiny finish , although not like a mirror . The inside of the container IS a shiny polished stainless , however , the exterior is only VERY slightly brushed ss when compared to the inside of the container . This is not what I expected from a description of `` brushed ss '' . Actually it 's a finish I 've never seen before . The additional customer photos submitted are quite accurate , especially the first one . Mine was in perfect condition with no dings or other blemishes . All the other positive reviews are all right on the money . It 's very substantial , nicely weighted , great rounded lip , large opening prevents crowding and it appears exceptionally stable due to heavy bottom weighting . For $ 10 + bucks it 's a fantastic product , but I 'm really torn about whether to keep it or not because of the finish . It does n't match the other stainless items in my kitchen . Did anybody else get one like mine or did you get a true brushed ss finish ? Perhaps different lots are different . Please let us know .
 Got this as part of a wedding gift and could n't believe how strong and sturdy this is . I imagined if it fell out of the window of my kitchen into the street from the 2nd floor that it 'd have a tiny scratch . It 's a fine container , nice looking , and I 'm glad I got it .
 What started as a little spurge to make my kitchen counter look more updated ended up as a good bargain . For $ 10 , this canister looks great , and does a good job . It is weighted on the bottom so it avoids tipping over . It also cleans easily with Windex . A really nice , functional accent for a kitchen .
 I was surprised at how heavy duty this piece is . It holds a lot more utensils than I expected , and is very easy to keep clean and shiny .
 Purchased one to try out for size and gauge . Found it well made , with polished lips , heavy gauge steel , and large enough diameter to accommodate utensils with fat handles with minimal crowding . Should last a lifetime and take lots of abuse , and I plan to purchase more .
 I was pleasantly surprized when I received this item ... it was and it is far nicer than I imagined it would be.It holds plenty of utensils and looks nice doing so , and Ilove the smooth feel of it . Very pleased with this purchase and yes I would recommend this item to friends and family .
 This bench is just perfect . It is a quality piece of furniture . Very comfortable seating . It arrived very quickly . I could not be more pleased .
 We recently purchased a bedroom suite and needed a short stool to use to put on shoes . Rather than travel all over town looking at furniture stores , we decided to shop on line . We are so glad we did . We used a Google image search , and found the stool and style we thought would work . Amazon had the best price so we ordered . We were very pleased that it did match the stain and style of the wood in our new bedroom suite perfectly . Each leg bolts on securely and easily . The seat cushion and wood appear to be of excellent quality . We placed it beneath a full length mirror we mounted on the wall behind it . It looks great and we look forward to years of service .
 I was delighted to find this vanity stool to put in our bedroom . It 's sturdy , well-crafted and beautifully matches our bedroom set . It 's a very nice accent and provides a safe place for my husband with PD to sit .
 I bought this stool to match my existing vanity and it 's the perfect match ... the wood is very rich looking . The seat fabric is more of a gold color rather than a tan . Very well made and was easy to assemble ! Fast ship !
 Excellent . Product arrived as ordered . A great deal , buy 3 get one free with an already good price compared to the other sites I checked . Product was shipped in original boxes . I 'm well pleased and would order again from this supplier .
 Broke a goblet of my daughter 's and needed to replace . I could n't be happier with the price , product and how quickly it arrived . I am a happy customer and would not hesitate to use this sight again .
 Purchased 8 goblets as replacements for my daughter 's set . They arrived in perfect condition . Not much to say about Mikasa . It is an outstanding brand . The crystal pattern , Arctic Lights , is elegant and understated , very lovely . The price was the best I could find anywhere , got 4 glasses for the price of 3 . I would definitely try Amazon again for this type of purchase .
 For the price you ca n't be the style . Very modern clean lines . Mine does n't lean or anything . I keep it in the corner of my dining space .
 The trick to assembly is not to tighten everything until you get everything into position . . then you tighten the screws.It took a while , but then I realized all the parts are crafted specifically to fit one another . They are not made assembly line with sloppy fits . So they go together very snuggly if you do it right . . and nothing leans.The cabinet fits right into the spot where I wanted it to go , and it looks good . I smiled when I put it into place and slid the wine bottles in ... and I make my own wine ... ca n't stand the stuff they sell and call wine these days.This product is exceptional for the price . But it does take a little patience to get it together . . and then it 's very worth it .
 We are pleased with the wine rack . My wife put it together in less than an hour . The wood is real -- not fiberboard . You will find it surprisingly heavy even though it is n't very big.On the top , we 've hung six engraved glasses , with a small , round engraved lead vase on the shelf . In the wine slots , we 've alternated bottles with memory items -LRB- small statuettes and figurines , a toy car and other knick-knacks -RRB- . In the drawer , we 've put wine supplies -LRB- openers and such -RRB- . Not all do-it-yourself furniture is this attractive , not at this price . As a value , you ca n't go wrong , and as a practical , yet sophisticated home piece , this is spot-on . It looks better than expected . We chose it online , and , as with any furniture item bought online , we wondered about reality . Reality ? It is a nice addition to our dining area.I fully recommend the Wine Tower.Anthony Trendleditor , HungarianBookstore.com
 This is a great wine display and I have no complaints . For the price you get a beautiful piece to store your wine etc and the holder hold a good amount of glasses . The drawer is a nice touch as well . Very happy with my purchase
 Everything was packaged well , the instructions were easy to read/follow and it looks great once its all put together . Could use more space for glasses but thats my only complaint .
 The cabinet is lovely once put together . It is complicated to put together and it would have helped if the pieces were marked with a code or letter -- it was difficult to tell the middle shelf from the bottom . The individual pieces were packaged very well and came to me without any mars . I misread the specs and expected something a little shorter , but am very pleased with the result .
 I am very pleased with this wine rack . It was fairly easy to put together , I did it without help from my husband . It looks very nice . I wish it held a couple more wine glasses but thats no big complaint . . I 'm happy with it .
 It was easy enough to put together . I did it by myself with no help . It just takes several hours to screw everything in . I 'm pretty sure I was swearing at the hex nuts half way through . But it 's beautiful and elegant and I finally have room for my wine and a place to display my liquor and martini glasses/accessories .
 I got this for my husband for our anniversary . It was a bit of a selfish purchase since I hate the smell of cigars , but he was thrilled ! It holds plenty of cigars , I 've been told to get at least 80-100 capacity . I love the separate drawer for putting the cigar cutter and other stuff in . Plus , the main compartment locks which makes me happy that our children can not get in to it . He 's had it about 2 1/2 months and only put more water in twice , it seems to hold the humidity pretty well . It looks really nice on his desk .
 First off , the box IS very nice looking in person . You wo n't be disappointed if you like the picture . I also like the drawer for lighter/accessory storage . As with most humis , the cigar count is usually way off . This is a 100 count box , but my cigars run various sizes and I generally get about 40 cigars in there . I use this quite a bit , so I try to keep the pull-out stocked with my favorites . However , I expected a much lower cigar count , as I know its overrated . Generally , I really like this box and have been using it for 2 years now with no issues other than the ones listed below . The only major drawback is the way it is constructed leaves some edge gaps in the interior cedar lining , which tends to allow moisture to escape over time , hence ... it leaks ... slowly . But , I generally re-season it once a year -LRB- so I 've done it 2 times plus the initial seasoning -RRB- All-in-all , I would buy it again.Pros
 This is a beautiful humidor . The photo does not do it justice.My husband loves it !
 I have the humidor in my office and it 's received many unsolicited compliments . Really attractive and well made .
 This cigar box is exactly what my husband wanted ! It is beautiful and the quality is exceptional !
 This plaque is very detailed . It can be displayed on a wall . . or stand on its own . Shipping was fast .
 This was bought as a gift for a friend who had just lost his beloved Doxie to age . He loves the ornament . It 's detailed and quite lovely .
 Does what it claims to do . I am going to buy a nother one soon .
 I wanted a set of pure white mugs for coffee/tea . These came at a great price and go with any color dishes . I 've had the same Corelle for over 11 years and wanted to add to my collection .
 These are perfct for using with my new Keurig Coffee machine . There is room to add cream and the volume is such that you can easily carry a full cup with out worrying about any sloshing as you walk with a full cup .
 These mugs are just wonderful for everyday use . I own these corelle mugs since the last two years and not a day has passed when i have n't used them . They have n't lost their shine with time -LRB- I compared them to a new set I recently bought and they look the same -RRB- . They are a little heavy but at this price , its worth it . Would recommend for everyday use .
 Well , it 's a mug . I do n't drink coffee but I enjoy a cup of hot chocolate from time to time and wanted something a bit larger than DW 's coffee cups . Wanted to microwave the milk or water and add the chocolate mix without worrying about the cup exploding , melting or burning my hand ... this mug does all that just fine . It is a touch smaller than I would like -- I 'm still looking for something on the order of 16oz , I reckon . As an aside , I think it 's odd that many companies refer to a ` cup ' of coffee as 6oz . Who drinks just 6 ounces of coffee ? and why call 6 ounces a ` cup ' ? One of life 's mysteries , I suppose . I reckon the ` standard ' hot chocolate measure is also 6oz , making it easier to fit into a ` normal ' coffee cup without spilling.I guess it 's like a ` piece ' of pizza . You have a slice of pizza ... you 're not too hungry , so you cut it in half . NOW , you have TWO pieces of pizza ... what a dilemma ! Reminds me of dropping by the pizza place the other night to pick up an order . Another customer was waiting with me when the cook turned to her and said `` Would you like your pizza cut into 8 pieces or 12 ? '' She thought for a moment and replied `` Oh , we 're not hungry enough to eat TWELVE pieces ... just cut it into EIGHT '' . Bah-dum-bump ! I 'm here all week!But seriously folks ... the mug is holding up well and performing to my expectations .
 The mug is not actually `` square '' although it does have very slight rounded ` corners . ' It holds a nice cup of coffee , tea , hot chocolate , etc. and has been added to my Corelle daily use dinnerware . I would recommend it ALSO be offered in ` Frost White . '
 I have so many Corelle products in my kitchen and they are my favorite but none of them is porcelain . They are all a very durable and light winter frost material so I presumably expected the same here . I got a neat white porcelain mug .
 The book helped me most in the following areas :1 -RRB- What is involved in kitplane construction - risks and benifits , even the benifits of purchasing a used certified aeroplane .2 -RRB- Showed me how to think in terms of aviation building with safety as a priority .3 -RRB- Covers info from the kit purchase stage to the test flight .4 -RRB- Emphasized that it is helpful to understand all forms of construction -LRB- metal , wood -RRB- no matter what kind of aeroplane you are building . The book covers composite , metal , metal monocoque , wood construction.This is a must buy for people who are wondering what it takes to build a kitplane and are undecided about whether they should build one .
 This book is not biased in stating everyone can build a homebuilt . Infact early on Ron makes it clear that homebuilding is not for everyone . He takes you through the different construction materials as well as things that you do n't think about . The case studies are what realy makes this book standout . These are planes being built by people with the same amount of aircraft construction as any person contemplating building .
 I like this book . The author made me think of the pros and cons of building a kitplane versus buying a certified model . It almost seems like he tries to talk you out of it at first . This makes you think if you have the space , time , skills , and dedication to build your own safe airplane . I definitely recommend it to anyone thinking about homebuilding . After that , the author dives into all of the various construction methods and gives quite a bit of detail on each . I was surprised . He even includes case studies of each type of construction -LRB- ie composite , metal , wood , etc -RRB- on a particular builder and their project . READ IT !
 I have been reading this book for some time now . Mr Wanttaja has written this book in such a manner that it provides comprehensive information for all intending aircraft builders or homebuilders who have already begun their projects , on all aspects of homebuilding . From organising finances , to choosing the right kit and components to what sort of hardware to use for different applications . Furthermore , he presents his information in laymans terms so that even the most inexperienced of us who would like to get involved in homebuilding get a reasonable understanding of those operations which must be performed . I would recommend this book to anybody considering building an aircraft .
 An amazing amount of information for the homebuilder . Very well written , entertaining and up to date .
 Just the best book pertaining to the subject that I have seen . Thorough coverage of most all areas involved in homebuilt aircraft by a knowledgable author who has been there . Excellent !
 I wish I 'd had this book when I was getting my A&P ; -LRB- airframe and power plant -RRB- license . Its not a substitute for the AC 43.13 -LRB- Advisory Circular 43.13 Acceptable methods for repair and modifications -RRB- , but the second half of the book is a good auxiliary text.Mr . Wanttaja is taller than the average pilot , and I am even taller than him . I 've tried on a couple of Europa 's but they were each too small . I 've flown in a GlasAir Glastar and it was big enough for two good sized men.He provides three tables of dimensions - headroom , hip room , and leg room , generated from data he 's taken from existing home built aircraft , and they were enough to convince my wife that the GlaStar was big enough for me -LRB- and thus her , as she 's average build for a woman -RRB- . There are many advantages to folding wing aircraft , including less hangar space required , and easy transportation . Storing at the house and hauling to a hangar does n't seem to be much of an advantage after his explanation of the stresses and strains on a towed airplane.I could go on and on about what 's covered in this book , but instead , I 'll do Mr. Wanttaja a favor and recommend you buy this book first , if you are at all interested in homebuilding . Whether of not you actually even start a plane you 'll be glad you did ; and even gladder if you have it while you are building.CAVU
 This is another great addition to my library . Very informative , I really like the case studies .
 This is an easy to read book about the pitfalls , traps , concerns and absolute joys of building and flying your own Kitplane . Not a comprehensive text , but it is an * Excellent * place to start ! I bought a copy !
 This is a great book for someone considering the idea of building an airplane . The first part really helps the reader get past the fantasy part of building and owning a plane and think about the reality behind what it takes to build , operate , maintain , store , and insure a home built airplane . Really helped me contemplate the question
 I think that this is the definitive kit plane reference for those contemplating building the same.The book is well written in an easy to understand style and provides a great insight into what 's involved . It covers all aspects of construction and also includes a lot of honest , upfront details about the real costs involved.I also purchased a copy of `` Choosing your Homebuilt '' and while this provides much of the same information it does so in a much more superficial manner compared to this book . The only advantage of Ken Armstrong 's title is the flight reviews , which although useful are somewhat dated with many of the listed manufacturer 's no longer in business ... Therefore if your budget allows purchase both , but if I had to choose just one it would have to be a copy of the `` Kit Airplane Construction ''
 This is a great book for anyone considering building their own airplane , it goes into great detail about every facet of building your own plane , and excellent book !
 We gave these lights to one of our daughter 's horse-crazy friends for the girl 's birthday and she adored them . Her room is decorated like a fancy horse-barn stall , so the lights added a nice touch . They 're expensive for what you get , but the set is an unexpected and fun gift .
 Really , what more could you want ? Instant fun for the horse lover in your family . I bought these as a gift for my wife and she loved them . Maybe I would rate them higher if they were cheaper or there were more horses , but that 's just nitpicking . Buy them . Enjoy .
 Great string of lites ... a little longer than others I 've ordered , definite plus ! Just one thing to keep in mind - some very simple assembly is required - be careful when putting the hummingbirds onto the bulb housing-it may seem like you have n't pushed it all the way on ... you most likely have ! Push any further and you risk cracking the fitting like I did .
 I purchased these to put around my childs playhouse ... LOL Everyone gets a kick out of them and they give her a little extra light in the evenings when she is out and about . You need some of these if you live in the country or Texas .
 This string of hummingbird lights is actually a string of white mini Christmas lights that fit individually into plastic hummingbird covers which in a way is good as you could replace the light string when it eventually burns out . When lit they give off a very yellow light but relatively little heat although a bit more than other LED lights that I have . I am planning to put them into a Ficus tree that we have indoors where I think they will look nice .
 I bought these for my sister . She 's accessorizing her -LRB- and her hubby 's -RRB- lake house with lotsa fish decorations . These are great -LRB- they actually look like fish , mounted bass in particular ! -RRB- . If you or yours are into fishing , this is a great stocking stuffer .
 I had had lights like these on our family room tree & it was time to replace some of the strings , so I ordered these . They were larger than the previous sets I had -LRB- these globes are approximately 1 1/2 inches across -RRB- , but they are really cute all the same .
 I bought them late in the year so I only had a chance to use them oncebut was pleased with my purchase .
 Not especially pleased with these lights , they are very fragile and do n't stay together well with the rough and tumble camping life .
 The lights were a gift for a relative that is an avid hunter . They arrived early and were exactly what I wanted .
 My daughter is a horse lover and this strand of lights is perfect for her room . There 's more than one design of horse too which makes the lights so unique .
 Had a hard time thinking of a gift for a father who has everything ! He loves to drink Budweiser beer and bought him a couple for his man cave and he loved them !
 Great lights - part of our Christmas hunting and fishing theme for the den at the lodge . Everyone loved our tree and commented on the lights - well made and a great buy also !
 Granddaughter loved them ; -RRB- One suggestion ... our lights came with all the same color horses together.We changed them so they are alternating ; -RRB-
 My husband and in-laws love to fish , this is a great gift for the fisherman or woman that has everything .
 Great product , was a gift for one of my roommates in our Secret Santa party . A little pricy and the box was a little beat up , but it came fast and in the complete packaging . Thank you !
 we enjoy lights . we have disabl he loveed person at home and he enjoys them very much thank you very much
 I bought the red lanterns lights back in 2008 . Left them up year round and to this day they still work and have not had to do anything with them . Do n't be surprised if they get confused for hummingbird feeders though.Lol !!!! For me it 's a light and attracts hummingbirds .
 These lights are good and just fun ! They dont put off a lot of light so they dont attract the bugs but still make your awning look nice
 We bought this for my oldest daughters room and she loves it . They light up and look so nice ! Would buy again .
 These were purchased for a Kentucky Derby party , they were a big hit ... and no one noticed that one horse was missing . I was able to do some fancy hanging of the lites . One horse would n't go back on the strand . Luckily , it was at the end of the strand & not in the middle . All in all , they were fine for the price .
 The lights look even nicer in person than in the photo online . Our horse-loving niece says she loves them , and will put them up in her dorm room .
 I bought this as a present for my sister-in-law who loves horses.I was very impressed , it much larger than it looked in the picture and the horses were very pretty colours.Although there are only ten of them others can be added.I thought the price was reasonable , it was the postage that pushed it up.It arrived promptly within the week .
 Have lights on golf cart and change figures to fit the season , these where a good change for the Christmas time.Easy push on pull off the sockets for a fast change .
 I purchased these for my husband to take camping - he hangs them around the canopy of the pop-up . They work as expected and provide the right amount of light , fun to look at too . We did n't have the branded -LRB- budweiser -RRB- lights in my area , only generic bottles and cans , so these were a great find . The only thing that would make it better is if each can had a white light instead of each can being a different color light .
 After getting my honeywell system I noticed it could monitor 4 more locations , and I have a deep freeze that I want to keep an eye on . This -LRB- loaded with bp-91 lithium cells -RRB- goes in my deep freeze , then reports on channel 2 which has alarms in the event that my freezer warms up . It works great for that use , and i plan to get another for my guest house when it is not occupied so I can tell if someone left the heat on or it is going to freeze back there.One of these comes with the 923 / 924 systems , but adding more gives you the coverage for temperature sensitve locations other than just outside -LRB- channel 1 -RRB- In my case , the food in the freezer is more than worth the monitoring and alarm ability , so it was a no brain decision to buy it . I 'll have to think about how often the heat gets left on in the guest house .
 The range is excellent , I use it some fifty feet away from the basestation in the buildup of my house . I like that they have both a local display & transmit their readings . Battery life is many months -LRB- I have some that have been running for a year and a half now -RRB- .
 Bought 2 extra sensors to add to my weather station . easy to set up , easy to use . cheaper here than on many other sites .
 Love this unit . I place it throughout the house including outside -LRB- in Chicago Winters that get to negative 20F -RRB- and in the garage where it gets really cold .
 They were n't kidding when they advertised this long range sensor . I tested it further than my needs are and it worked great . Amazon is a great place too shop .
 What a wonderful offering ! As a proud DeMolay `` mom '' , the bust you make is the best gift , we have never seen a bust of J. DeMolay available , it should of been so years ago !
 I am the Chapter Dad of the Phoenix Chapter in Brownsville , Texas . I saw this , ordered it , and began a tradition to hand it to each Past Master Councilor on the day of the new MC 's installation . Quality is great . Excellent to be able to have it .
 I had been searching for a life-like garden gnome for some time and I finally found it with this unique treasure . I mean , its like having a real life gnome in your front yard ! For all gnome connoisseurs , this is a must have . It adds charm , taste and class to any front yard decoratory ensemble and also fits nicely into any living room arrangement . My gnome is the center piece in my yard , complemented by my ceramic deer and porcelain christ statue . I mean there is gnome way I could have resisted !!!
 My Son-in-Law loves Jim Shore . He also loves gnomes . What a great combination ! I guess I rated as the best Santa ever when he open his Christmas present and found his gnome . It sits on his mantel for all to see .
 I 've had several different versions of these over the years and they never disappoint ! They soak up water like a champ !!! Do not hesitate to buy !
 This poster is excellent for a number of reasons . It gives scripture references for each of the genealogy blocks . It uses numbered call-out boxes to expand detail as needed , and for grouping the 12 tribes . It is laminated and hangs straight instantly out of the shipping tube . Its light neutral coloring is easy on the eyes . Its color coding makes it easy to follow the parallel and overlapping trees . I like this poster a lot , and I 'm very glad I bought it .
 I bought it as a Christmas gift for my husband and it was his favorite gift ! It really helps me connect the dots with what I 'm reading in my bible . We framed ours , and it has a nice protective coating that i think a person could use a dry erase pen on it in a teaching situation . This family tree poster has so much information , I 've not even begun to digest it all yet !
 This lady who did this study , spent some years in the Bible , putting together the people who make up God 's people.I have this on my wall & when I ordered the other one , gave it to a friend . They love it .
 I purchased this as a gift for my mother . She really liked it and she plans to hang it . The only reason I gave it four stars is because it 's a little crowded and I would have enjoyed it if it were bigger to allow more artwork and larger writing .
 I have now bought two of these charts . One I have at home , the other I have at church , framed and hanging on the wall in the parlor for everyone to see and use . It is an excellent resource to help anyone in their personal study of the Word to understand lineages and relationships in the Bible . I will probably buy more as time goes by ... And you should too .
 I never expected as high a quality cart . I ordered Adam & Eve Family Tree Poster - Genealogy of Jesus . Beauful , colorful and very professionally done and easy to undestand . I highly recomend this to everyone .
 The poster is really nice , and I was happy with the way it was packed for shipment .
 Really interesting.Great info and the size of it makes it readable .
 Absolutely exquisite and the shade is lovely . This lamp has a slender profile so works well for my living room side table .
 My wife and I purchased this item last week and love it as it dresses up our foyer very nicely . Although it does need assembly , the instructions are clear and easy to follow . I was afraid that the mirror would be broken during shipping , but it was n't as it arrive in a well packed box . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I had limited room in my bedroom and purchased this as a vanity table . It was a little time consuming to put together but well worth the money .
 Great services , everything arrived perfectly . Easy to put together . It looks great in the hallway , love it !!!!
 It is always a gamble to buy furniture sight unseen but this is a winner ! Very solid with real wood -LRB- not MDF -RRB- and the finish is very well done . And just the size for our narrow foyer.The mirror is all one piece other than the hanging brackets and the coat hooks in front.The base is a lot of pieces -LRB- A to O in the alphabet -RRB- and it is a bit tricky to put together . To make the unit extremely solid , there are tons of dowels and bolts to assemble . Biggest issue is having the pieces line up -LRB- and stay lined up -RRB- as you try to get four rails and the bottom shelf all aligned with the end piece is not easy . I also had to take the top off the base as it is not clear in the instructions that one side needs to be in front . But if you do n't have the skinny end of the drawer slide guide -LRB- under the piece -RRB- facing forward , you wo n't be able to get the drawer in . Also , the bolts holding the top on need washers that are included but not clear until after you turn the instruction page . If you miss that -LRB- like I did -RRB- , the bolts near go all the way through the top and piece the veneer!There are a lot of nice detail pieces that are held in place by dowels . I went ahead and used wood glue to hold them in place.All in all , extremely pleased with the purchase .
 It 's certainly not a Stickley , but for the price , it is a pretty nice piece . Was admitedly expecting a somewhat lesser quality for the price -LRB- then $ 219 -RRB- , and was pleasantly surprised . I am a firm believer that you can tell the quality of an item just by how well it goes together during assembly , and this proved to be no exception ; fit and finish were uniform and flawless ; pieces fit together very well , with nice , tight tolerances . Instructions could have been better ; the graphic images would have been better served if they were accompanied by some descriptive commentary , but we managed well enough.Arrived quickly , no damage to packaging or contents , no missing hardware -LRB- came with a few extra pieces , actually -RRB- . At least a solid 4 1/2 stars , based on quality for the price -LRB- $ 219 -RRB- ... But probably would have been just as content with the quality at the currently shown $ 279 .
 This is a great comforter . It is light in weight and still super warm . The fabric is not overly soft , but nice enought that it does not bother my skin . I got the king size , which came with 3 shams . I would buy this item for every bed in my home .
 I bought this as a replacement for a couple of down comforters we had as we discovered our family was allergic . I had purchased a couple different sets of the Pike Street sateen sheets and was very happy with the purchase . This comforter set though does n't quite match the quality of the sateen sheets I purchased previously.The blanket is very warm and is well constructed , but the material itself is n't as soft as expected -LRB- even after washing -RRB- and is n't as smooth looking as it is in the image . It 's very heavy and very big -LRB- I ordered a king -RRB- and the stuffing is n't luxurious and airy the way some other down-alternative comforters I have are.Still we 're pretty satisfied , since it is very warm - it 's our everyday blanket now and we use it to sleep with when our dog is in our bed - but we change it off when company is coming over to a nicer looking comforter and pillow set , since visually it 's nothing amazing . Also , a note on color - it 's more of a yellow based sage than a cool toned sage - if that makes a difference to anyone .
 I ordered this despite some not-so-great reviews on the fabric quality and was pleasantly surprised when it arrived . I did not have a problem with the color since I got the white option . The fabric is very soft and the comforter is just the right `` fluffiness '' I had hoped for . It looks much more expensive than the low price tag that is on it . I think it 's a fantastic deal for the price !
 You get what you pay for , and sometimes you get a little more!This comforter is well-made and the fabric is soft . It provides plenty of warmth on cold winter nights . The shams are well-sized but I would recommend line-drying them if you have larger pillows.My only complaint about this product is the color could not by ANY stretch of the imagination be described as `` sage '' . The actual color is sort of a yellow-green . It 's not a bad color ... it 's just not what I expected . If you are picky about color and want to coordinate with existing decor and bedding do not buy this product online.Other than that this is a great product for the price , and I would buy it again .
 I LOOKED IN MANY STORES FOR A GOOD AND AFORDABLE COMFORTER ... MOST OF THEM WHERE VERY GOOD QUALITY BUT TOO EXPENSIVE . I BOUGHT THIS ONE FOR THE PRICE , BUT THE QUALITY IT 'S GREAT !!! VERY SOFT AND GOOD LOOKING COMFORTER . A GREAT COMFORTER FOR A VERY LOW PRICE !! WHAT I LIKE THE MOST IS THAT I LIVE IN A HOT WEATHER PLACE AND THIS COMFORTER WO N'T GET TOO HOT DURING THE NIGHT ... IS VERY FRESHY AND SOFT
 This is a nice comforter for the money . It is a pretty color and good quality . The only problem i see is that is a little wrinkled and I have n't ironed it yet . . Other than that it looks good in my bedroom . I like the color gold since it looks so elegant . It is very warm for the cold winter we have been having here in Michigan . .
 iordered the pike street woven stripe comforter as i wanted a light comforter for winter . It is wonderful and quite a bargain .
 Three pillow shams and a comforter soft enough to use as your sheet . The color tends toward purple but that 's great with me .
 I bought a navy set for Mom . The all-cotton shell is nice and soft and the navy color I selected goes better with most of the dog hairs available at our house . Very important is the fact that my brother 's comfort-seeking Rocket the Idiot Whippet has given the new comforter the Whippet Seal of Approval , preferring it to the other comforter for napping , snoozing , lolling , and other vital dog activities . Although a family joke this really does prove that even new out of the box this comforter is nicer and softer than the other which is fairly new and fluffy but has a poly-cotton shell and just is n't as good a quality . I am hoping that the quality of the fabric will stand up better to Rocket 's nest-building which involves fairly vigorous digging in the bedding . -LRB- The dachshunds like the new comforter too . Oh , and so does Mom . -RRB-
 Very nice . This product is extremely beautiful . Is gives the room a very elegant look .
 Purchased about a year ago , I have made about a dozen lasagna 's with the Marcato Pasta Maker . Lasagna is one of the easiest to cut and I have absolutely no problem with this attachment.Homemade lasagna pasta is fantastic , I have served it to groups of 8 + on several occasions . Do n't stress out about the other ingredients because the pasta will make everything taste better .
 Works just as I had hoped for . Very Easy to use . Makes noodles just as I want . Easy to clean .
 This attachment is wonderful , and we are really enjoying our new hobby of making fresh home made pasta . I do n't understand why anyone would give this a poor review . If it 's not working then you 're either not making your dough right or using the machine/attachment correctly . This is so easy , even my four year old can do it !
 I was very surprised , the towels are very good quality . . Looks very good with my shower curtains . .
 I love this blue and white plate with Santa design ... it 's a wonderful addition to my Santa collection !!!!
 Was lucky enough to find a black nativity set at a clearance sale . However , did not come with a stable , just figues . This was the perfect addition to the set . Simple but elegant very well made .
 These are great guest towels , but not something I would use everything . The colors are wonderful and the towels are nicely made .
 We just had our gues bathroom redone , and I have been searching for a good hand towel for that room . This is almost like a small piece of art hanging on your wall . It is georgous . We have received so many compliments about this towel . Normally such things are purely functionary , when is the last time you noticed a hand towel , good or bad ? However , in this case , just about every LOVES it.This is NOT going to be great where kids are going to use it all the time , but other than that , highly recommend this product .
 After a long and expensive search , I 've finally found a travel mug I like!I love my Joloppi for traveling and at work . It keeps my coffee nice and warm , beating the heck out of a regular coffee mug at my desk , plus it 's attractive enough to pass for a regular mug and not a `` travel '' mug because the lid is recessed.The lid is n't spill proof -LRB- from a tip-over -RRB- , but is very good at preventing sloshing spills . I 'll admit I 've been known to take a few corners a little fast in my WRX , and this mug has n't spilled a drop , despite the fact that the lid is only a rubber piece that sits in a groove . If the mug is tipped over , it only leaks out of the drink hole and vent hole - it holds its seal all the way around otherwise.I 'm also impressed at how well it `` drinks '' - how well your beverage flows through the hole in the lid . It 's just perfect for hot coffee . This thing is very well designed in that respect.The outer rubber grip is removable , allowing thorough cleaning . I am concerned at how well the padding on the bottom is going to hold up over time , but I guess that 's a minor issue.Buyers should know that mine , shipped from Highwave , did not come in a box like is pictured - it was very well packed , but it was just the mug & lid , nothing else . One may be dissapointed if it is to be a gift.Another note on shipping ; while I was blown away that shipping was going to be 3/4 the value of the mug -LRB- with no other options -RRB- , it arrived 3 days before the earliest date in the arrival estimate range.I 'm very pleased with this mug and will be giving more as gifts this Christmas -LRB- despite the no-box thing -RRB- . Great for coffee drinkers , as coffee really is n't very good drunk out of metal , plastic , paper or rubber compounds . Ceramic is the only way to go for coffee and tea .
 I 've been looking for something like this that would reduce waste and be easy to travel with . This is the best thing I have found , by far . It looks great , the coffee tastes great out of it , and I do n't have a stack of throwaway plastic and styrofoam containers in my garbage at the end of the week . Bravo .
 This order was cancelled - but the seller called me right away to explain to me that the item was out of stock .
 After having expensive sheets that pilled and were just generally of a poor quality -LRB- Nautica brand , even ! -RRB- I decided to go for these . I actually bought the 200TC , not the 300TC , in Khaki . I washed them before putting them on the bed just as the instructions said -LRB- warm -RRB- , with fabric softener . They washed nicely , and dried VERY quickly -LRB- less than 30 minutes -RRB- ! Bonus points there!I did notice the seams pull ever so slightly , but I have a thicker than normal mattress and had to pull on them a bit so they 'd fit . Just use sheet straps to keep the fitted place in place!In comparison to the `` expensive '' sheets , these are AMAZING . They did not pill after the first wash and they do n't `` move '' like my old sheets did . I live in a humid climate and normally my sheets will pick up the extra moisture - but these do n't ! Love them and definitely want to buy another set in a different color !
 These sheets are wonderful . They are so soft !! Be careful when you wash them , though . I got the burgundy and have washed them twice and they are still bleeding onto other things .
 I was just shopping for some guest room sheets and found the Martex 300-Thread-Count Sheets . When I opened the box , we were shocked by the vivid , rich colors and quality of the sheets . The people I work with were mad I had n't told them about the deal . Well , so far we 've bought 12 sets
 These are very nice sheets and a fantastic value . They are smooth and soft . I have n't had them long enough to comment on their durability but overall they appear to be high quality . If they would throw in a set of pillow cases , then this would make a fantastic gift .
 These sheets are the nicest ones I have ever owned . I love how soft they are and they fit my mattress well . My king size mattress is only 11 inches deep , so the sheets are a little baggy , but they stay on very well , with no corner slippage . You will NOT be sorry if you buy these sheets ! I bought the yellow and the silver blue and wish I could buy more ! Also , these were shipped on the 18th and I received them on the 20th , with the free super saver shipping option . Awesome !
 This sheet is a pleasure to put on my bed . I like the feel of it -- so soft and comfortable . The color is also very becoming .
 Soft and very washable , no bleeding or fading - definitely color fast . A worthwhile product and highly recommended . Will certainly purchase these kinds of sheets again .
 These sheets are very nice . I have gotten alot of them and given them as gifts .
 I purchased these sheets in almost all of the available colors because of the fantastic price . I received them in a timely manner by the super saver shipping , which made this an even better deal ! The sheets washed very well & are soft & luxurious . The deep pockets keep them from slipping off the mattress , which is wonderful . All in all , these are great sheets at a great price , highly recommended !
 The sheets are soft . Very big too ... a bit big for my Reg . King size bed . I suppose it is good so it wo n't be too tight where it would keep on coming off the mattress ?? Though , a bid too big where too much slacks ... . Good is ... it is very confortable & soft :-RRB- Was a good deal when I purchased it !
 The sheets fit my extra deep bed and they are a nice quality . I would buy them again .
 I have processed a variety of produce through this machine
 I was a little leary before buying because of the mixed reviews , however , when you look at other food mills they have a lot more negative comments.I processed applesauce when I first received it . Make sure the apples are cooked all the way through . Hard apples will not process.I bought the additional attachments , primarily for salsa . It processes tomatoes well , just run them through twice to get the best yield . Three times and the skins start getting pushed through the screen.The suction cup device did not work for me . I use the clamp but this limits where you can use it.It is easy to setup and cleaning is not difficult . A bottle brush helps to clean the screens.Overall , the device was worth the purchase and I am happy with it .
 I 've made applesauce with this twice and it has worked marvelously . The handle turns very easily and the sauce is free of seeds , skin , stems , etc. . The suction cup could be improved as it loses its suction from time to time . I have a concern about the longevity of the plastic debris nozzle -- I think the way it snaps on to the strainer is a bit suspect . Overall its a nice product that does its job quite well .
 We are well pleased with the service of UnbeatableSales , Inc. . Delivery was fast and the care of items was great . This juicer is perfect for our canning solutions for this summer . The body of the juicer is made of strong stainless steel . Definitely no worry of breakage on this piece . Even the handle and drive shaft with spring are made of a stong stainless steel material . The hopper , spiral -LRB- pushes the food through to the strainer -RRB- , waste funnel , squirt guard/chute are all made of plastic . But if careful attention to these items are made there should not be much worry of breakage . Easy to assemble and dissemble . The entire juicer can be anchored either by suction from the body -LRB- very conveniennt I must say -RRB- or by c-clamp -LRB- included -RRB- . Fuits are easily managed through this juicer . Even our kids enjoyed making strawberry jam . They were able to turn the crank of the juicer with ease . However , if you want to process apples and pears they should be softened before placing in the juicer .
 We 've made apple sauce , spaghetti sauce , two kinds of salsa and grape juice and we 've only had the item for a couple of weeks . What did we ever do before getting this wonder ?
 i had a bad experience with a cheaper press before i ordered this one . the handle broke off in the first ten turns , so i was feeling some trepidation when i ordered the Roma . this press is the berries . complete with slicing the tomatos it takes about twenty minutes to turn a basket of fruit into a gallon of sauce . it goes together easily and breaks down quickly for washing . i 'm not big on single-use kitchen gadgets , but before the summer is out i expect to have a freezer full of tomato sauce , so i 'll happily make a place in my cabinets for this press .
 like is said in another product im new at canning , and everything i bought in here hs worked gr8 and made canning a pleasure
 Arrived quickly and was well packaged . Appears to be the same unit that I owned 20 years ago , except my old one did n't have the suction cup mount . Is for a Christmas present , and I 'm sure she 'll love it .
 This was to replace a 25yr + old Victorio strainer . It was easy to assemble and use . Cranking mechanism is greatly improved . Love the options of using a clamp to attach to a table edge or the vacuum-type stand for a flat counter top . Threw out the plastic plunger ----- prefer the wooden one from the old strainer .
 AWESOME PRODUCT !!!! I made tomato sauce in 1/2 the time !! 5 STARS . The only BAD thing ... The BASE EDGE WAS N'T FINISHED I CUT MYSELF REALLY BAD !! My6 husband filed it off so now it 's safe to use
 Even though box was damaged item was not everything was together including instructions have n't used it yet . I used the same machine at my parents and it is great at making apple sauce .
 It worked so good I got 2 . Most of time it was used for tomato juice and salsa . After caning 168 quarts , it is still like new .
 I can tomatoes but I also like to make sauce . It is the most amazing tool . You will not be sorry you bought it .
 I ordered the Roma Food Strainer recently . I was starting a lot of canning and freezing of tomatoes , relishes and applesauce . I had finished with the tomatoes and relish before I received my order , -LRB- although it did come well within the specified time -RRB- so I only got to use it on my applesauce . I had previously been straining the cooked apples with a large sieve and a spoon -- not fun!I read the reviews both before and after ordering , so I had a few concerns regarding the Roma 's quality and functionality.I received my Roma and got to work putting it together . The assembly was n't too bad , considering my excitement and typical lack of patience . While assembling it on my 50 + year-old , pine trestle table , -LRB- which is complete with all the scars of the six children who were raised by my parents and ate at , did homework on , played cards on , worked on crafts on , and had boyfriends dig their initials into -RRB- my boyfriend flipped the locking mechanism which is meant to mount it onto a surface . It immediately firmly attached it to the beaten-up surface of the old trestle table , so I was pretty sure it would hold onto the kitchen counter without any problem . Even so I figured I 'd use the clamp for added security.Well , I cooked up my apples , let them cool a little before putting them into the plastic hopper and proceeded to process them . I was amazed how beautifully the Roma worked . It was incredibly fun ! As suggested in the reviews and the instruction manual , I ran the peelings back through a second time , not actually expecting to see much more come out of them , but was impressed that quite a bit really did.The Roma stayed attached to the older , Formica-type countertop perfectly , and I had neglected to add the c-clamp for added stability . The `` thing '' stuck like glue and never moved , rocked , slid or otherwise strayed from the spot to which I had locked it.The Roma performed exceptionally well and seemed perfectly sturdy for my needs . There was no leakage from where the handle attaches to the device and the sauce was channelled nicely down the chute to be caught in a bowl . I have no issue with any of the plastic parts , as only those parts that do not need to be particularly rugged are made of plastic.I give the Roma Food Strainer a HUGE thumbs up !! I would recommend it to anyone who does home canning and/or freezing of fruits and vegetables .
 I 'm new at canning.My girl has done it before and we both think this is a wonderful gadget . We have used it on tomatoes with very little waste . We have pumpkin and squash to do next.We also got the four piece accessory kit .
 Worked awesome . For the price can not be beat . Grew up using food mill with mom . Was not a roma but did not want to pay the price of the one she has and this worked great . I can see the shaft seal needs to be lubricated often so does not get damaged . As per instructions I used vegetable oil but i think next time I will use plumbing grade silicon . Is safe for drinking water faucet gaskets so would work perfect for this application . Overall great product . I would recommended purchasing the kit with all strainers and augurs if you plan on using it for anything other than apple sauce or tomato sauce . Much cheaper that way .
 This product works well but I find that it is difficult to keep in place when using . Even with the clamp fastened , I found that the strainer would move around on me . I tried putting a towel down and even a rubber mat underneath the strainer and clamp but it still managed to loosen and move . It 's a little tricky to hold the unit , turn the handle and also push the items through at the top . Might be better if you have someone to help . Also , when working with fresh quartered tomatoes , it 's a little bit difficult to crank through the first time . I found that if you drop the tomatoes into boiling water for a few seconds , it will help to soften them which helps them pass through the strainer a little easier .
 After reading many reviews on the product I decided to purchase a Roma Food Strainer . I was hoping to can about 100 quarts of tomatoes from my garden and was dreading processing all of them manually.I was a little hesitant to purchase it because I feared that it was going to be very poor quality based upon the low price . When I opened the box I was pleased to see that some of the parts were metal . I did see some of the parts were plastic but they seemed to be well made . I was anxious to try out the strainer but had to wait about a month for the first tomatoes to ripen.I was very surprised how well the machine worked ! It was amazing . The first time I used it I only had about 20 tomatoes to run through it but at at least gave me a chance to try it out . About a week later I had my first sizable batch of tomatoes to process . I was amazed at how much faster it was to prepare tomatoes for canning.Over the next few weeks I was having fun using this strainer and just kept going on canning tomatoes . When I finally got tired to canning tomatoes I had canned 145 quarts ! I cleaned the strainer up extra good thinking that I was done with it for the year.A couple of weeks later I suddenly got the urge to make applesauce . I researched it on the internet and thought it did not sound too difficult . I bought about 10 lbs of apples from the grocery store and made some amazing applesauce . The Roma strainer worked great for this . I decided I wanted to make enough to last at least a year . I went to a u-pick apple orchard and picked 220lbs of apples ! Over the next 1 1/2 days I made and canned 50 quarts of applesauce.I will be buying the accessory kit -LRB- maybe ask for it as a Christmas gift -RRB- . I am anxious to try processing marrion berries with it next spring.One word of advice for anyone using this machine . Do not push the food into it very fast with the plunger . As soon as you start pushing too hard it will work the machine too hard and can come apart . As long as you do n't push it too hard it works great . Remember after all that it only costs $ 45 . I am also considering adding the optional electric motor.I highly recommend this machine to anyone . I have told many co-works and family members about this machine . Some are going to purchase one before next season . 5 stars and 2 thumbs up .
 The strainer works great ! Very little waste . My only complaint is that the salsa screen leaves the chunks too small for my salsa preference .
 Bad points - suction cup on base loses grip after 5 minutes . Clamp works ok but does n't have a deep enough throat , and mine did n't have a washer fitted on the end of the screw thread -LRB- like the pictures seem to show -RRB- . Good points - works very well - tried it on blackberries and tomatoes using the standard screen and it was very effective . Putting the pulp through twice is worth doing and involves very little extra effort.Not really worth using for small quantities as the setting up and cleaning up takes some time , but having said that it is n't difficult to clean - just a quick swill out in a bowl of water.Overall , well worth buying .
 Other people 's accounts of making gallons of apple sauce impressed me , they raved about how easy it was to process enough apples and tomatoes for the extended family in next to no time using the Roma strainer . I liked that the skins and rubbish came out separately , you did n't have to keep stopping and clearing out the debris the way you have to with the most common baby-food puree mill . Postage to New Zealand was a shocker but with buckets and basins of apples that would otherwise go to waste , and trees that would be producing even more in future years ... . And the gadget looked good and solid . So I ordered one , just the basic model , no extras.I could n't be more impressed ! As with anything there was a bit of learning - cooking the apples just right so they were not too sloppy , not too hard . I put the skins through a second time , this time what came out was less liquid and more pulp . Just to see what would happen I put them through a third time and by then , when they came out into the `` rejects '' dish , they were down to such a small amount it was obvious that there was a huge saving compared with peeling and coring the fruit and then mashing it . Not that it matters when there is a lot of surplus fruit but for anyone who had to buy it and did n't want to have to throw away more than the bare minimum it might be worth considering.Out of pure curiosity I took a bag of raspberries , dating back a year or 3 , out of the mystery-parcel section of the deep freezer and put them through . I had n't bought the fine mesh seed strainer so would anything be strained out ? Well , yes ! The berries were not completely thawed when I impatiently started , so there was more waste than I had expected . Again I put it through a couple of times and ended up with a very seedy little pile of debris for the chickens and big bowl of mainly juice for me . It 's now `` Raspberry Jam for People with False Teeth '' made with an equal volume of sugar , a sour apple cooked and mushed for its pectin and a small lemon 's juice and the white pith scraped from the inside layer of the skin , also high in pectin because raspberry jam tends to be reluctant to set . There were a very few small seeds in the finished product , maybe five tiny specks per jar . Just enough to remind people with false teeth that life was n't meant to be perfect . An interesting experiment.The apple puree I made so far has become fruit leather which takes up very little room.The Roma is not hard to clean , that 's another good thing . You know how some gadgets are great but cleaning them afterwards is such a tedious job you end up not using them ? This one is well designed , clean-up is quick . I gather from the company 's material that parts are readily available . The plastic parts seem strong and made of good quality plastic but accidents do happen and it is reassuring to know that if one thing gets damaged it is not a matter of either throwing the whole thing out or having to send it away for expensive repairs , especially when one lives this far away!I am absolutely delighted with the Roma Food and Vege strainer and have no hesitation in recommending it .
 I canned 250 # of Roma tomatoes last fall with this and it powered through it great . For such big batches , I 'd maybe think about using a stand mixer , but this works so well I 'll just take the workout.I pretty much ran the discarded pulp through twice . There 's some waste there it 's probably worth the effort.It attaches to the counter well . The hopper is pretty good sized . It does n't leak , which is a major concern for me . Just do n't force things with the masher tool thing.There are a lot of parts and cleanup is a bit of a pain , so I would n't use this unless doing some major processing . Likely it will sit in storage until tomato time . The strainers I think are stainless so , they can go in the dishwasher fine . Not sure the actual body can . It looks like chrome metal.FWIW , the canned tomatoes make great pasta sauce , salsa , and chili . I doubt we 'll go back to store can tomatoes again .
 With an abundance of tomatoes this makes it so easy . The large hopper is easy to fill , it 's easier to remove some of the liquid at the start of the process which cuts down on the simmer down time.I would recommend this to anyone wanting to use up a lot of tomatoes .
 This is a great product for anyone putting up tomatoes.It takes out all the seeds and skin and is easy to attach to any smooth surface.Really easy to assemble and disassemble for cleaning.Have not used it on anything but tomatoes but I 'm pretty sure it would work great on anything with seeds .
 It works great and is easy to use . I used it to strain tomatoes to make tomato soup . I loved it .
 My Roma tomato juicer is wonderful . I made the most beautiful tomato juice with it . After the pulp settled , the clear part is the clearest I have ever seen in all my years of canning tomato juice . I love it !
 This is the best thing ever . After reading other reviews , I made sure I had the food mill firmly attached to the table , and that it was properly assembled , so no leaks . The grand kids were fascinated by how it worked , so I had a good supply of crank turners . It is such a time saver , and cleaning it was easy.Canned lots of tomato juice for use as spaghetti , chili , jambalaya etc. . Looking forward to making our own salsa with fresh garden tomatoes and peppers . I would recommend this product to everyone who cans tomatoes .
 I WAS LOOKING FOR AN EASIER WAY TO MAKE TOMATOE JUICE THAN COOKING AND SQUEEZING.When I saw the Roma Food Strainer and Sauce Maker I thought it was just what I needed . It looked simple and the price was so reasonable , I ordered it . It was so much better than what I expected . So easy to assemble , so easy to use , did a wonderful job , and a snap to clean . I had a friend over while I was using the Food Strainer and let him try it . He went straight home and ordered him one . HE LOVES IT AS MUCH AS I DO , AND WE BOTH HAVE TOLD SEVERAL PEOPLE ABOUT IT . The Roma Food Strainer has cut my juice making work down by at least 80 % . I recomend it to anybody that makes juice .
 Finally had evough tomatoes to use it and it works great had to run the stuff through several times to get all the liquid out of the tomatos but beats doing it by hand
 This product has made making my own tomato sauces from scratch easier and less time consuming . There is a little bit of assembly required , however , it still saves time . I have used it to make jelly and it was wonderful . The clean up is easy . I have had no problems with it at all . I would recommend this product to anyone !
 It 's made my tomato canning so much easier , it separates the seeds , and skin from the tomato . I also use it for making baby food for my little one . I do n't know how I ever got along without it . I highly recommend this product .
 Used this product for making lots of applesauce . It works great ! Need to put peelings in twice to thicken applesauce .
 The Roma Food Strainer is a great tool for making sauces and salsas . No pealing of tomatoes or apples ahead of time . Large feeder makes for less filling and the different size strainers gives you a choice on how larger or small the pieces . Highly recommend it for canning or jellying .
 I 've been using this strainer for my current cherry tomato crop -LRB- as usual , I planted way too many -RRB- , and it has made short work of squishing the pulp out while separating the skins and seeds . I simply wash the tomatoes and dump them in . The only reason I give less than 5 starts is that the suction on the bottom kept releasing periodically , even when I tried sending fewer tomatoes through . I tried dampening the bottom , which helped , but it still eventually lost its grip . Also , the plastic gasket that is supposed to keep tomato guts from squeezing out the top of the screen -LRB- top as in end closest to strainer body -RRB- does n't fit well -LRB- at least in mine -RRB- , and wo n't stay in the machine . This does n't seem to make much difference , however , as long as you have everything on tight.Overall , it was a good purchase .
 We had a similar unit that was around 20 years old . Every time we used it would leak all over the kitchen floor making it a real pain to clean up afterwards . This New model is leak proof and is a real joy to use . It is very easy to setup and very easy to clean . The juice goes where it should and the compressed leftovers go thru a long tube away from the pount of operation so processing is easy . This product makes canning a job we look forward to doing in the fall . Highly recommended !!!
 This is a great affordable alternative to the more pricey original , Squeezo . So easy to use my 2 year old turns the crank . I find myself looking for more things to crush in my new Roma sauce maker/juice maker . So far we have made tomato sauce and juice , apple sauce , mango sauce , and peach sauce . The kids love that they can make and eat there own treat . Plus , no added sugars and no preservatives . I wish I had this to make baby food when my kids were infants.It is as simple as wash your fruit and veggies and drop them in . I cut them in quarters and drop them in the hopper . later I only cut them in half to test the true ability of the processing power . Not a problem for this machine . The hopper by the way is huge.Also ordered the 4 piece accessory strainer kit and motor . Awaiting their arrival . The motor is not really needed especially if you have willing children to crank while you load the hopper . I was thinking ahead though envisioning a huge tomato/salsa garden for next year.Bought the Roma sauce maker and 4 piece accessory kit separately which was $ 20.00 cheaper than the buy together offers . So do your price research and save.Just FYI for estimates sake
 Used this for the first time today . Usually takes forever to make sauce between boiling , deseeding , cooking etc. . All we did with this was wash the tomatoes -LRB- large cherry/small roma size -RRB- and drop them in ! Awesome , cut a half day project into about 30 min . We also got the accessory pack . Made some salsa , but would recommend de-seeding first . Salsa attachment would be good for kind of a diced tomato sauce for things like chili . I 'm going to get one of these for my stepmom for christmas it worked so great !
 Ok , so maybe not minced meat , but it makes juice out of tomatoes ... The first batch we did through the strainer was using a recipe from Alton Brown where you seasoned and baked the tomatoes in the oven for a few hours to get rid of some of the juices -LRB- we were going to make sauce -RRB- and then you mill them . Well , as far as milling goes , it was super easy and it spit the skins and most seeds out the end , while shooting the juice and pulp down the white chute . Do n't expect to get a thick sauce or past just from milling the tomatoes , that usually takes time cooking off the excess liquid in a pot -LRB- at which time , you could season the sauce if you wanted -RRB- . This made quick work of the 20 lbs or so of tomatoes we had to mill and with little mess . The only mess I really had was the juice was running out the right side of the mill by the handle , and I could n't understand why ... This just did n't make sense to me ... Everything I read said this was basically a mess free mill . Well , after milling was done , and I was taking it apart to clean it , I noticed the rubber O ring around where the handle inserts into the mill was broken . So , this prevented the handle from being water -LRB- or Juice -RRB- proof , allowing some of the tomato juices to back-flow through the handle.I found the suction cup to be sufficient while milling our first batch . The next couple of batches we did , we did n't even blanch the tomatoes , just to see how things worked . Turns out , things worked just as well , and we did n't have to spend an extra 30 minutes - 1 hour prepping the tomatoes . We just cut off bad spots -LRB- and pulled off the stems -RRB- and broke the skin of the tomatoes -LRB- even cutting the bigger ones in halves/quarters -RRB- and pushed them through . There were a few times when I thought we would loose suction , but it did n't ... it held up well.The only complaint I have -LRB- aside from the broken O ring =\ -RRB- is that I wish it had some type of scraper on the outside of the mesh cone to scrape the pulp off as it goes . But since , the way it works is the red plastic cork screw type thing pushes the tomatoes through the mill , with the space between the cork screw and the screen getting smaller and smaller as it goes until the skins are pushed out the end ... It would be difficult to have something on the outside to spin along scraping at the same time ... I think the optional motor would be heavenly , allowing you to cut and load while it presses and would save loads of time ... I did run the `` discarded '' skins and such a few times , just to make sure I got EVERYTHING , but it still was a huge time saver .
 I 'm very pleased with my Roma food mill . Peeling and seeding tomatoes for sauce , especially with the really small Romas I tend to get from my garden , just took forever ! Now I rinse them , cut them in half , throw them in the hopper and minutes later I 'm done ! I do run the discards through a second time , does n't take long and you get a lot more pulp than you 'd think on the second go-round . I like that the hopper is so large , it 's very easy to use , the one drawback is that it 's a bit hard to store . I 've been putting everything back in the original box and sometimes it 's a puzzle to fit it all in.Suction cup did n't work for me either . Clamp worked well though.There 's a gap between the back of the machine and where the rotating part fits in which lets food just sit there without being pulled through the mill . Not sure if there 's a design reason for that or if it 's just my machine , but it 's a bit of a hassle to reach into that narrow space to fish out the bits and get them moving along.The screen cleans up quickly with a bottle brush.It 's not something I 'd pull out for a handful of tomatoes , or a handful of anything really , but for processing big batches it 's wonderful .
 I think the title of my review just about says it all , but I 'm happy to give some specifics.I purchased the Roma Food Strainer after reading reviews , good and bad . It appeared to be exactly what I needed , as I 've spent the last 25 years processing several hundred pounds of tomatoes annually , using the long , hot method of blanching , ice bathing , peeling , and milling my San Marzano beauties . Of course , everyone who has ever canned during the summer knows that it 's always the hottest days of the year when your crops ripen , and boiling pots of water are the last thing you want to be slaving over . The Roma strainer completely eliminates that step , and I could n't be more thrilled . From garden to sink for a quick wash , an easy slice down the middle of each tomato just to make sure there are no bad spots inside ; then , into the hopper , processed through , and voil&agrave; ! Ready for canning or cooking!Now , onto the strainer itself.My biggest concern when purchasing were the comments made about the loss of suction on the base . I have used the mill for over a week now , and removed it from my counter top -LRB- granite -RRB- , and reattached at least a dozen times . I 've knocked on wood as many times , in hope that it will continue to function , and so far , so good . Houston , we have suction ! The mill assembles and disassembles easily , and is easy enough to clean.The only negative that I can find , and it 's easily overcome , is the quality/durability of the plastic cup that attaches to the end of the strainer assembly . I 'm worried that with repeated removal and reattachment that it might eventually crack , so I 've opted to leave it on permanently.A couple of tips worth re-mentioning
 The week leading up to my purchase , I began processing the windfall pears from our tree into pear butter . To sauce the pears I softened them on the stove and then used a chinois and pestle . The going was slow and it took me all week for about 1.5 bushels . In fact I had to sauce on one day and then cook down/can the next and my arms were so tired from mushing pears through the strainer I could barely lift them.Although I was just about done with pears , I ordered the Roma ... and good thing too , because my Mother in law purchased 1.5 bushels of tomatoes for sauce on the day it arrived from Amazon . Admittedly , I was a little nervous that the Roma would fail me in some way and that I 'd have to pull the chinois out to finish , but my fears were unfounded.When it came down to it , I was able to sauce 1/2 bushel of tomatoes into sauce in less than an hour and the reason it took so long is because sorting and washing took me a while . The kids were having so much fun cranking out sauce that they were saucing the tomatoes faster than I could trim bad spots off the tomatoes.My experience was that I got a lot of juice the first time through the machine , but if I sent the tomato skins and seeds through again , I got a lot of thick pulp . If I cranked them through a 3rd time , I had nearly dry skins/seeds coming out the end and the last bit of pulp . Reprocessing the skins was really fast too ... Just a few cranks and they were all through.Pushing the tomatoes through , was easy too , but even easier if the hopper was n't over full . I also had some leaks around the edges , but only if the kids were pushing harder than needed . If they pushed just to get the tomato started on the auger , all was perfect . If they were after squishy noises and the occasional squirt of seeds , then we might get a little juice where we did n't want it to be.Clean up was easy too . I was sure not to let any of the pulp dry on the machine , and everything came clean in a snap . Right now I 'm even excited about the rest of the pears and the 2 apple trees I have n't done anything with yet . I could probably make another couple dozen pints of pear or apple sauce tomorrow if I feel inclined .
 I love it . Now I dont know how many of you have made tomato sauce for days unend -LRB- over 350 qts -RRB- and had to use the old food mill for getting rid of the skins and then some of the seeds always ended up in the sauce . Well No more . No seeds , no peelings and sauce ... tons of sauce . This machine takes at least 1/4 the time to run tomatoes through and is effortless . Did I mention that you dont need to cook the tomatoes before you run them through the machine ? I loved it so much that I have purchased 3 for gifts for family and friends . We all love our machine . Whether we are processing apples for apple sauce or more tomatoes , it does an awesome job , saves time , has less waste and stays in place . I could n't ask for anything more . I would and have recommended this to any and everyone .
 If you want to can fruits of veggies this is a huge time saver . I use it along with my steam juicer , my grandma would be envious !
 We make sauces as a family and this is something the girls -LRB- 6 and 9 -RRB- love to do . They take turns on the handle as I cook and scoop into the hopper . It makes for a great afternoon ! For apple sauce it ca n't be beat !
 I used this to make my daughter 's baby food . Was easy to put together and easy to clean up . Great purchase !
 unbelievable ! This saved us so much time with our tomato harvest . Truly made quick work of those tomatoes . I was able to run through a batch , then run through the ` discard bowl ' a few more times to truly capture all useable parts of the fruit . The only thing that concerns me is the plastic cone . . I hope it is built to last !
 Made canning much less labor intensive , used in conjunction with all other items purchased to combine into much less painful canning ... loving it .
 Have not had a problem as of yet , fairly easy to set up and clean . I have had it a few months now and it 's made my canning so much easier .
 This product looks great . we unpacked it and everything seems in order . I did not use it yet though . I would recommend this to all my friends who do home canning .
 We used this to seed tomatoes and berries , with the accessory kit , and it did a good job . When you buy , also get the kit as it makes it more useful , and the tomato screw , that 's the one we used the most . .
 After years of using aunt 's my aunts ancient strainer to make Tomato sauce and soups I finally bought my own . The Roma works like a champ , sturdy construction , and the plastic did n't stain even though I was processing Tomatoes for 6 hours.two thumbs up !
 After all these years of gardening and canning , I ca n't believe I did n't purchase one of these years ago ! I used the food mill in making homemade pear sauce and preparing other fruits for turning into my homemade wine . This is absolutely one of those items that a serious gardener/canner ca n't live without ! I have many more uses for this food mill but have n't gotten to those yet .
 This item is of value if you make jellies , apple butter , or salsa . I purchased the motor and the additional strainers .
 Do n't spend all your time peeling and cooking tomatoes before putting thru the old food mills for juice . Get yourself the Roma Food Strainer and enjoy canning . I have been canning for over 30 yrs . and this is the best thing for making short work of canning . When moving I lost my other strainer and had to purchase a new one . The strainer is easy to use and break down for cleaning . For canning juice wash and cut your tomatoes into quarters and put thru the strainer and out comes your juice seed and skin free ready to cook down . This year my son started to can and I bought him a Roma Strainer ... I have also recommended the strainer to many family members and friends . My old strainer did n't have the suction cup for the counter and only had the clamp which limits where you can put the it to use . I have used just the suction cup and have not had any problems with it not holding . I am very happy with my Roma Strainer . Also do n't forget to get the extra screens for making great salsa .
 Arrived within 2 days of purchase , which was great ! Item was exactly what I was looking for . Everything came as described and it works great .
 If you are a canner this product is a real time saver . Five Stars ! Multi-tasking women -LRB- and men -RRB- will find incredible productivity with it !
 I RECEIVED MY ROMA FOOD MILL JUST AS WE WERE READY TO PICK OUR GRAPES , I ALSO BOUGHT THE 4 PIECE ASSC . KIT SO THAT I WOULD BE ABLE TO DO ALL KINDS OF FRUIT , AND VEGGIES.SO FAR IT HAS SAVE ME A LOT OF TIME , AND WORKS PRETTY WELL . I ALSO TRIED IT ON PERSIMMONS AND THE SEEDS ARE JUST TOO BIG , MADE A MESS.LOOKING FORWARD TO APPLE SEASON , WILL TRY MY HAND AT MAKING APPLESAUCE WITH IT.I WOULD SAY IT WAS A GOOD INVESTMENT , SAVES YOU TIME IN THE KITCHEN .
 We had a little trouble figuring out how to put together , but once we got it it was simple -- it was wonderful -- it skinned and seeded tomatoes for canning like a dream -- could n't believe how simple -- no more boiling water and skinning by hand for me -- ca n't wait to try the other attachments that we bought with it !!!!
 I bought this to can homemade salsa . Lots of salsa . This cut my work in halve . No more blanching , peeling , choppping . Just wash , cut out any bad spots and crank away . I do run my peelings thru twice to get the good out . Took less than 30mins to prepare close to a half bushel from setup to having ready to cookdown . I did notice if you are using the salsa screen from the accesory 4 pack you need to remove stems also . With the bigger holes it allowed a few to get thru.No problems with the suction and not hard to crank at all . My 5 yr old was my motor this time . My 2yr old was also able to crank .
 I purchased this along with the extra set of attachments , and so far have just used for making Blackberry jams and syrups . Trying to get the seeds out of blackberries with a chinois is pretty labor intensive , so I decided to purchase this -LRB- because I almost broke my Kitchenaid using the food grinder when the blackberries started to jam it , pun not intended -RRB- . Overall , very happy with this , it does a great job , but be careful with the gaskets , because it is really , really easy to lose these in all of the cleanup.Haven ' t tried for tomatoes , since I use the Kitchenaid food grinder for them without issue .
 Most amazing product I have ever bought , We went through the tomatoes so fast . I recommend this product to everyone . I 'm even going to buy one for my daugter for christmas .
 I really debated on which food mill to get and am happy with this one . I like the stand feature instead of having to clamp on to a countertop . The downfall is you still need two people to operate it . One has to hold the stand while the other cranks and pushes the food in with the stopper . I created a lot of great looking tomato sauce ! The one major flaw is for whatever reason juice leakes out of the handle when you are turning it . I really makes for a mess but is still worth the time savings .
 does great job with tomatoes . have not tried other screens that were purchased.only fault is suction base does not make a solid seal . would have rated 5 stars but for suction base.clamp does the job of holding strainer .
 Love the Roma !!! Pretty much same review as the others . It 's so easy to clean and easy assembly/taking apart . The suction cup is horrible unless put on porcelain where it works amazingly ! We send our tomatoes and whatever else through about 4 times to fully get all the juice out . Soooo quick and easy !
 I used this for the first time to make tomato puree for processing into tomato paste . It worked well . I had a little leak back through the handle but it was no big deal . The waste funnel has two small plastic clips which looked like they may snap if the funnel is taken on and off a lot . To solve this we left it on and had no problems cleaning it together . I called the manufacturer and ordered 3 more of these to put on the other graters.I noticed a reviewer said that parts were unavailable but I found this not to be the case . The lady who took my order was very friendly and helpful and said parts are always available.When processing tomatoes for paste I used to cook them until soft , run them in the blender until liquefied , then put them through a food mill . With this new tool I take out the first two steps so it is very convenient . It also took a lot less time than the Foley food mill.I would have given it 5 stars but it did seem a bit light weight , however for the price it was appropriate .
 My husband wanted this food mill for making apple butter . He 's getting into canning and found this item . It worked wonderfully for mushing up the apples .
 Made the process of canning tomatoes so much faster ! The plastic parts do n't feel sturdy enough but did the job . Guess that is a good trade off to keep the price reasonable . Worthwhile !
 We tested this device with several kinds of tomatoes . It works with all types , but works best with Roma tomatoes . The reason is that the more water content , the more this device sprays water and obviously the end product is thinner and will need to be reduced . My beef with the device is that there are a couple of sections of it that are plastic and not very sturdy . They snap together and that always scares me in the assembly and de-assembly phase -LRB- for washing -RRB- . We decided to leave some of the parts together for that reason - in particular the screen and waste funnel . The other issue I had was that the Squirt guard was not quite large enough and did not fit close enough to the press end of the device causing leakage that was not captured . We opted to push the guard as close to the press as possible -LRB- even though that meant that it could n't connect properly with the Screen . Then I made an aluminum foil extension for the guard to collect the squirts that were not captured . The suction cup holder worked okay , but did not keep the vacumm indefinitely on our granite countertops - but it was adequate for varying lengths of time.All in all , a very well designed product and it operates quite easily . I would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a skin and seed remover for tomatoes . There are other attachments for other fruits , but we did not purchase them .
 Wanted a strainer for elderberries that I gather from the wild.They are labor intensive and have a very tiny seed.I use the juice and pulp in wine and tea as health tonic.The strainer has enabled me to prepare large quantities.Prior to this I was straining by hand through a mesh strainer.The Roma strainer works great.I have n't used it on tomatoes or squash , etc.but expect it will function well . It cleans up o.k.
 I found the product to be easily put together , and easy to use . We have used it on tomatoes and apples and we love it . What a time saver .
 This item works great ! I am very happy with it . The delivery was prompt and the product arrived in excellent condition and works as well or better than advertised . I am totally satisfied with my purchase .
 My husbands garden did so well this summer-we just could n't let all those wonderful tomatoes go to waste . We used the Roma Food/Vegatable Strainer to juice all those lovely red ripe fruits and canned jars and jars of sauce , ketchup , and tomato juice for the winter ahead . The Roma worked very well and made quick work of skinning and straining the tomatoes . It was easy to use , stayed where I put it with the suction on the counter , and the skins and juice separated nicely . The design makes it easy to place a large bowl to collect the juice and pulp and the skins and seeds dropped over the edge of the sink into the conpost bucket . I would recommend this for anyone who wants to preserve the harvest . We are looking forward to next spring and starting early with berries for jelly and using it all year long .
 I was n't sure about the cost of this item , but wow has it paid for itself many times over ! My suction cup does n't hold very well either , however mine also came with a vice attachment that I use along with the suction cup . I found it works better on my dining table than on my counter top . I use this to make FAST and easy applesauce , pear sauce , really simple strawberry jelly -LRB- family hates the seeds in strawberry jam so this does the trick ! -RRB- , and everything that needs tomato sauce . It takes me no time to put together spaghetti sauce or enchilada sauce when canning season hits . And anything to make canning easier is great in my book ! I ca n't say enough good about it . I 've never had a problem with clean up . And my kids really enjoy getting to use this tool in our canning process . The only thing it lacks is a little better suction to hold to the counter or table , but with the vice attachment it is n't a problem . : -RRB-
 This works really well ! It takes a bit of power to turn the handle . Other than that it 's perfect ...
 I have n't had anyone sleep on it yet , but I did inflate it recently and lay on it myself . I liked the firmness and all the space you get . Very well made , from what I can tell . I will have to give my guests a chance to respond before I say anymore on the subject.My only problem is that it did n't come with an air pump . I had to find one on Craig 's List if I did n't want to pay upwards of $ 75 dollars for a hand-pump one .
 I bought this for my 4 yr . old son and was very skeptical . He is very hard on things and was anticipating a hole in the bed within the first couple of days although I have explained over and over ... No jumping on the bed ... right ! Anyway we blew it up and it has been a month already and no rips or holes . We have n't had to add any new air to it . It is quite durable and much bigger than I anticipated . He wants to sleep in this every night . Does n't want to bother with his toddler bed anymore . He has twice as much room in this new spiderman bed . I also like the raised sides so I do n't have to worry about him rolling off the bed like before . I am even able to fit laying next to him at night while we read our book . Oh , do n't bother with the free pump that came with it . Started to blow it up with that and figured it would have taken all day ... Went into the garage and used our air compressor . Was done in no time . I would recommend an air compressor or an electric pump or you will be there forever trying to blow it up . It really is much bigger than I thought .
 Purchased this inflatable bed for our 6 year old grandson for Christmas and it was a great hit . He now will sleep only in this bed at night . It was easily assembled and is very sturdy . We are very satisfied with this purchase .
 I liked the bed once we got it blown up , but with the foot pump it comes with , it takes a while . It is a durable bed and it is alot bigger than I thought . It would be good for a sleepover or something .
 Well , this thing is gigantic . It is very study , thick and not flexible at all . That 's great for large burgers and other heavy items on large cooking surfaces I guess . It is heavy though . I bought it for the gigantic cookies I bake , but it 's a little big and unweildy for that . I should have looked at the measurements closer . I can still use it , but find I never reach for it first . I would n't buy it again only because it does n't fit my needs . It is a quality product . I would guess this thing would last a lifetime , so if that 's what you 're looking for , it might be perfect for you .
 My grandmother has huge pans , so pancakes & omelettes have a tendancy to spreeeeaaaaaad ! I can pick up the whole pancake & even flip eggs without breaking them with this !
 It is very sturdy and heavy and made of quality stainless steel . It is good even for removing baking tins from the oven . This gadget will last me a life time and the next generation as well .
 I bought this to scoop out my enchiladas . It holds 3 to 4 at one time . It is as large as it looks . I use for cooking out too , holds alot of stuff when it all gets done fast . Great for serving up roasts and meatloaf from your bakeware to serving plate . I searched for this on Foodnetwork when I saw Paula Dean using it to scoop out a dish she made . It was $ 3 more and not in stock .
 Wow , this Jumbo cookie shovel is perfect for those large cookies or several small ones at one time , lifting pancakes or even pizzas . Love it !!
 This is a substantial cookie scoop which can also be used as an oven peel for bread , pizzas , pastries , and other baked goods , a BBQ tool , as well as for removing cookies from a sheet up to 4-at-a-time . It appears to be well-made and is capable of lifting heavier items such as moving a roast to a platter etc. . This may be a disadvantage for some who will not appreciate its heft , nor the fact that its comparatively thick `` blade '' is not suitable for sliding under and releasing cookies which tend to stick to the sheet . For those cookies I still use a thinner small spatula to release them before picking them up with this monster scoop.Works well for me though . I rate it highly .
 Better than the typical spatula for lifting cookies thanks to its thinner front edge , and it 's strong enough to help support multi-layered cakes . It 's a good , sturdy product .
 This is an awesome cookie shovel ! Literally , a shovel ! Perfect for those larger cookies and best for my sugar cookies that are in various shapes . A little heavy , but wow ! Very worth the money . I wish I would have found this sooner . If you bake a lot this is perfect . Very sturdy .
 These are amazing for wanting to save any wine label that is special to you ! Easy to apply on and pulls right off in minutes .
 It 's important to me to be able to have records of how long I have been on medications and I 'm sure my doctor appreciates knowing the information . So I use Label Lift for medicine bottle labels that I post on paper for my files . They are terrific , there 's nothing else like Label Lift !! Sometimes only the top layer of the medicine bottle label will peel off with Label Lift , but as long as there is enough for a record , that is ok with me . But I 'm sure with a glass bottle , the entire label will lift completely off as it did with an old glass medicine bottle I had.Usually the amber colored pharmacy bottle labels come off fairly easily , but sometimes the pharmacy will use a white plastic bottle with a manufacturer 's label or I may come across an old glass bottle with a label I want to save . Of course this involves cutting up the sheets a bit , but that 's no problem , one can always use the other bits later .
 What a spacesaver , plus who wants to store and display empty bottles ... kinda too college dorm-roomish for my tastes , but some labels are really beautiful . I bought the 10 pack Label Lift to see how it worked before buying more . It works best if you leave the laminate on a few hours , especially on paper labels . Delicate paper labels will leave their backing on the bottle , so be patient getting the top portion to stick . Slicker , plastic labels came off more quickly . I then scanned them all into JPEG to use in my digital scrappbooking . Pleased with this item , overall.The packaging was a bit overkill , as usual with Amazon ... manilla envelope would have done the trick . It did arrive a day earlier than expected , so that was a plus .
 This product worked great every time I used it . Have tried others with little success.After applying the label , I use the back of a spoon to smooth it out even if it looks okay . Then I let it stand for about 30 minutes and peel it off . I then attach it to a blank piece of paper , trim to the size I want and put it an album .
 This review is for the 50 sheet pack , but I 'm sure they 're identical.The first label I tried to remove according to the instructions worked perfectly . The second label I tried was my last bottle of one of my all-time favorites that is no longer in production . It is also one of the prettiest labels I 've ever seen on a bottle of wine . So I tried to remove it and it kept tearing on the edge , so I repressed the label remover numerous times to no avail . I let it sit overnight , still no dice . I moved on to another label I had been working on and having trouble with and found that instead of using a spoon to press it , I used my fingernail -LRB- they 're long and strong -RRB- . The label came up with no further problem . So I went back to the last bottle of the pretty label and looked around for something better than the back of a spoon . I picket up a compact mirror . It 's square but with slightly rounded edges so it would n't tear the plastic . If the spoon method does n't work the first time , find another tool . Do n't bother letting it sit overnight , that got me nowhere . Immediately after the edge tearing , I pressed it with a straight edge -LRB- but still somewhat rounded -RRB- and it worked right after about 10 other attempts . When you have a stubborn label , just find a better tool . I 'll probably use it for all my labels now and save myself the time and effort
 These are the easiest wine label removers that I 've ever used . I 've used them on 6 bottles so far and have had no problems getting the labels off . I just put them on , rub them for about a minute or so to make sure that there are no air bubbles , and then carefully pull up from one side . I 'm going to order more of these so that I can keep track of all of the wines that I like .
 After reading some of the reviews of this product , I was concerned that it would be difficult to use with any consistent results . On attempting to use it for my first label after waiting a couple of hours , it appeared that the poor reviews were warranted . However , I put the bottle aside until the next day and the label came off pretty well as advertised . Since then , I 've used it on three more labels and they 've all come off as expected . To increase my odds of a successful label removal , I normally wait a day or two before I try to remove the label.There might be a problem with some labels that are attached with bullet-proof adhesive , but I have n't run into one yet . I 'm using a wine journal for the labels , where I can write a few verbal comments on the wines I want to remember . When my first two packages of my Label Lift are running short , I will buy more .
 These wine label lifters from Oenophilia DO WORK!I had over 20 empty wine bottles which needed to be lifted.I could n't decide easily what wine lifter is perfect.After I received the Oenophilia label lift , I tried them right away.Lifting thin and fragile labels was tricky , but most of bottles were successful.Of course , only the top layer of label is lifted , not the whole label.The price might be expensive , but it 's worth it if you want to keep labels and be lost in your sweet memories.I will order more for backups!Two thumbs up !
 I have tried other removal systems and this is by far the best . No preparation of the label is needed -LRB- warming , loosening corners , etc -RRB- . Just put it on , press down and even out with a finger and pull off!Would definitely purchase again .
 This product gets hold of almost every label made and pulls it off cleanly 99 % of the time . Great for collectors of wine labels .
 I have had no problems using label off . If the directions are carefully followed , the label comes off quite easily within a few minutes . The trick is to make sure that there are no air bubbles or not enough pressure exerted when applying the label off . I use a wooden spoon to flatten out all possible air bubbles . I will order this product again from a wine magazine that carries it .
 For the majority of paper labels , these work just great with a high percentage of success . I recommend them to anyone who wants to collect beer , wine and/or liquor labels.As others have stated , certain labels do n't respond well to the remover adhesive - slick , shiny and/or metallic labels specifically . The second downside is the dollar per label price , which makes mistakes or large labels that require two removers a bit expensive.While these label removers are not perfect , they work better than any another process I 've tried . They are the best available choice for removal of most labels .
 I have tried other wine label removers and had limited success . This product really works ! I am keeping a wine journal and have found these lifts to be easy to use , not just for getting the label off the bottle , but also for applying the label to the journal pages . Worth the money !
 The 50 pack is around $ 12 - $ 13 straight from Amazon with Prime shipping : Oenophilia Label Lift , 50-Pack -------------------------------------------------- Here is what the issue is
 bought this item at a winery , -LRB- a 10 pack @ $ 15 -RRB- , i wanted to remove wine labels from the many wines we have expierenced , i was able to remove every label , from domestic to imported wines , successfully , for best results , attach the item to the bottle , as directed by the instructions , and leave on for at least 24hrs . after removing the the label from the bottle and removing excess material from around the label , you now have a sturdy label perfect for storing .
 After reading the other reviews on my first label I left the label lift on my wine bottle for 24 hours before attempting to remove it . And it worked ! Really well ! So far I 've only lifted one label but so far so good .
 The Oenophilia label lift works nearly 100 % of the time -LRB- there is always a bottle that has a label that wo n't layer or glue that seeps and wo n't release at all -RRB- . I have tried other label lifters and always come back to this one . My order is always filled promptly and has always been correct . I will continue doing business with this company !
 I had some wine labels left from my engagement weekend that I wanted to save . These label savers worked perfectly . I only had to leave them on for a minute or so and give them a good rub with the wooden end of a spatula .
 The product works much better than most that are on the market . There was one that I found in Japan that was more tenacious at removing the label , but it is not impoted to the U.S.A
 I used two of other product , and this one was much better.If you looking for a label remove i whould recomend this oneLuiz Carvalho , Sao Paulo Brazil
 How can you resist from saving those adorable wine labels ? The question is , how do you remove them ? I did some research and was getting ready to soak and peel . I found Label Lift at the wine store and decided to give it a try . I had success from the very first label . It is so easy . If the label is a little stubborn , leave the lifter on up to 24 hours and you will have no problem . Most labels can be removed immediately . I have had many labels framed , both for myself and as gifts .
 This product is great . I have only tried it on three bottles but each label came off with sucess . You have to work a little to ease them off but it was quite easy . No more soaking for hours to try to save a label.I scrapbook my wine items and this makes the label so much better . The plastic also laminates the label for better protection . I highly recommend this for label savers !
 If you have a tough label to get off a bottle this product will get it . I used to soak bottles in water with mixed results . Then I happened upon this product and decided to give it a go . It worked wonderfully . Later when I ran out I looked for it and found another similar product and tried it instead . Big mistake . The other product simply was n't as good as Label Lift . Now I am back to using Label Lift exclusively . Since I am documenting a pursuit to drink at least 100 different single varietal wines ; recovery of those unique wine labels are important to me .
 What a great product ! The wine label lifts off flawlessly every time ! Now , how do they do that ? This vendor sent it to me promptly and in great shape ! Here 's my malbec lifted to your company !! May you prosper ! Thanks !!
 They work very well ! They do not damage the label when removing . Great product !
 This is my favorite brand for removing wine labels , which I do with almost every bottle . Some labels are more stubborn than others , and require a bit more elbow grease . The labels do n't pop off the moment you lay the adhesive over them . You need to invest some force . I rub the entire label with the back of a soup spoon , paying particular attention to the edges . You really have to rub hard if a label has gold or silver foil on it . All in all , I have n't found a better way to remove a wine label . I do n't like to soak them off as it occasionally damages the label .
 We have gone through a couple boxes of these label lifters and every one of them has worked correctly and nicely laminated the wine label . We will definitely buy again !
 I found label off in a winery in Sonoma . I peeled off three labels in 10 minutes with no trouble and am looking forward to building my collection of labels . Unfortunately I ca n't find anyone who carries Label Off anymore . When I do I will not hesitate to buy them . The secret to Label Off is not only pressure , but lifting the edge of the label with your thumbnail on the side you are going to start peeling from .
 This is a really great product . Took me a few tries to figure out how to lift off the wine labels without tearing them , but now it works like a charm . These label lifters are really terrific . No complaints at all -- exactly what I was looking for .
 I expected to be disappointed with these , as reviews are SO varied . I was quite happy overall with their use , though . for just about ANY wine bottle using paper-y labels , this is ` the ticket ' to go with to remove the labels nicely.In all , once you get used to it , it really takes VERY little time to do , despite these long explanations . I am pleased with their ability to remove a bunch of types of labels -LRB- albeit not all -RRB- , I simply think $ 1/sheet is a trifle lot to pay for what amounts to a large piece of tape.My method for using these label removers : Basically , just follow the directions IN the labels package .1 . placer sticker across label from one side to the other , carefully and slowly to get it as flat as possible . as the directions state , leave at least a 1/4 '' border -LRB- i tend to leave more if possible on all edges -RRB- 2 . use back of large spoon to push out any airbubbles AND to get it to adhere as tightly as possible to the actual label . -LRB- pay special attention to the sides and corners of the label , and rub with the spoon until you 're certain EVERY portion has been secured -RRB- .3 . Wait ... . it says you can wait only 2 minutes , but I prefer to wait at least 2 hours , and sometimes overnight for those labels i REALLY want to be sure I can peel off without a glitch . I also tend to do repeated ` pressings ' of the spoon at random intervals .4 . I tend to peel from the ` tabbed ' side of the sticker ... slowly . if you see the corner come up , then keep going . If you see right away that a corner or piece is NOT coming up ... STOP . try pushing it down with a spoon again and WAIT again .5 . If you are halfway through the label , and you notice a piece that wo n't come up properly , try peeling from the other direction .6 . Once you get the entire label off , trim the sides to desired width and press-in-place into your desired label journal.REMEMBER
 Definitely not a quick solution , but by far the most successful . I used to soak my bottles in water only to then have to scrape off mushy labels and paste them into a book . I would recommend rubbing very firmly with a hard object -LRB- they recommend a spoon ; it worked well for me -RRB- and checking carefully to make sure you have no air bubbles . I waited 12 + hours -LRB- overnight -RRB- before peeling off as the adhesive gets stronger with time . When I peeled them off the next day , I had no problems and the labels came off perfectly . I would definitely recommend letting the bottles sit for a few hours before trying to peel off but this product works . It also helps if you understand that the purpose is to remove the papery front of the label from the sticky back - go in with the right expectations and you will do fine .
 An excellent product for the wine lover who loves to try new wines ! Great to keep handy in your bag when eating out at restaurants , and if you save the labels it 's easy to find those wines again ! There is a trick to using them - you have to leave the label-off on the bottle for a while and rub a hard object over the entire label area to remove air bubbles and make sure it adheres to the label properly -LRB- think of applying contact paper to a schoolbook -RRB- . Pull slowly and from the edges , stopping if it starts to tear - only the top layer of the label will come off -LRB- the lower layer of paper from the label stays adhered to the bottle -RRB- . Save the white backing & reapply it to the label-off after use for easier non-stick storage .
 All right , I have had difficulties in using these when first starting out , but they do what they are supposed to do.First off , wait until you are sober to try and do this as they are sticky . Do n't do this immediately after you have been drinking the wine or you will have problems because the labeloff was n't on properly.Secondly , make sure the labeloff is on properly . That means stuck totally to the label . Not wadded up or with air bubbles.You will want to use a knife to get any bubbles out and make sure the labeloff is on the wine label.Thirdly , wait a few minutes before removing the labels.Another suggestion is to use a single edged razor blade to help lift off an edge of the label . Go underneath the label with the blade to make it easier to remove the labels.Sure , it is work , but it is the best way to remove labels now that vintners are making them harder to get off and save.Also , you will need to use them a few times before you get the hang of these .
 I have been peeling labels for the past year and have had trouble finding HEAVY laminating paper which is what I was previously using . I ordered the Oenophilia Label Lift and the Wine Appeal label remover . NO COMPARISON . The Oenophilia is even heavier and easier to use than the heavy laminating paper I was using . The Wine Appeal brand is thin and takes lots of work and many times no success . I would highly recommend these .
 I had read a lot of reviews for this label remover , so when I purchased it I got the feeling from others that getting the labels off was going to be difficult . I followed the other reviews advice and left the label remover on the wine bottle for 24 hours and once our twice during that time period took the back of a spoon and rubbed it over the label remover attached to the wine label . . helping to make the label remover stick better . When i removed the label ... the whole top of the label came off and only left the backing of the white part of the label on the wine bottle . Over all I got what I needed , so I would give this product a good review .
 For years I have tried to remove the labels from wine bottles that I have particularly enjoyed , with mixed degrees of success . Soaking in hot water works for some , but the glue has gotten stronger -LRB- and less organic -RRB- , so that techniques has become less and less successful and often leaves me with a permanently sticky label when it does work . Enter the Oenophilia Label Lift . I brought out the collection of empty wine bottles that has littered my house for years and went to work , much to the pleasure of my wife who hates clutter of any type . Bordeaux labels in particular were receptive to the adhesive qualities of the product and it nicely laminated them to boot . I used up the entire package and was so impressed that I ordered five more packages.On the second round , I began to discover the products limitations . It still is n't perfect , as I have discovered . Some labels that are heavily glued or embossed wo n't come off and thin labels , well they are hit or miss . If you have an empty bottle with one that you just ca n't do without - keep the bottle because once you begin trying to take off the label , its an all or nothing proposition . A rundown of the pros and cons : The Good : -- Usually works rather quickly , but you have to first apply the laminate carefully . Apply it starting at one end and press down smoothly to prevent any gaps in the application . Then go over it again with a hard object , the instructions recommend a spoon , but I use the plastic handles of a pair of scissors to avoid marring the plastic . -- When you have to combine two sheets or parts of sheets , they seem to meld together nicely . -- You can cut a sheet to fit smaller labels and have some laminate left over to use with other bottles.The Bad : -- As I noted above , it does n't work with all labels . The product succeeds by adhering deeply enough to pull up a significant amount of the label . Great for nice , thick paper wine labels , not so much for thin ones , although you can sometimes remove enough of them to make it worthwhile , but they are rarely displayable and you have just wasted an expensive sheet and destroyed a label that you might like to keep . Ditto with heavily embossed labels -LRB- you pull up part of the embossing only -RRB- . -- The product is expensive , per sheet is around 78 cents , so save them for really nice bottles . -- If you are scissor challenged as I am , then it will be difficult to get an exact cut without hitting the label . My workaround is to cut close to the label with scissors and use a cutting board to trim the excess laminate away closer to the label . Does n't work for odd shaped labels though.Overall , its a good product and very useful if used within its limitations . A great empty wine bottle declutterer for those who have kept empties around trying to figure out how to remove the label .
 I had actually bought this product at local winery before I looked for it on Amazon and read the reviews . I see some people had some issues with it working properly . If you take the time it works great - I am 13 for 13 . The key is really pressing the product onto the label with the back of a spoon - under a light you can see what areas you have missed . Then let it sit for a few minutes , some of the more expensive bottles of wine -LRB- and usually higher quality labels -RRB- did not come off as quickly but after sitting overnight peeled off perfectly . You can tell as you start to gently peel the product up if the label is ready . I also cut some of them in half for smaller labels and extended the amount in the package . I also love that the label is laminated and protected . Love this product and just bought a package of 50 more .
 I was very skeptical about this product , but really needed labels for a table I 'm building so I decided to give it a chance . Wow , am I glad I did ! This product works so slick ! Every label I 've used it on has come off perfectly . I do let the tape sit on the bottle for AT LEAST 24 hours and each one has come off with no problem . This is the only one of these products I 've tried , so ca n't compare it to others out there - but if you buy this one , you wo n't need to search for any other label removing product .
 My experience with my first pack :1 . It works . 10 times out of 10 . Older bottles . Newer bottles . French , Italian , Californian ones . It just worked every time .2 . I tend to leave the label remover on for 1 to 2 hours , even leave it on overnight . Not a bad idea to wait for a couple more hours if there is no hurry to dispose the empty bottle .3 . I put the removed labels in a journal . The label straightens itself and becomes reasonably flat after a few days.I am extremely satisfied with the quality and the results . The only downside is the price . It would have been perfect if the price goes down by 30 % . Then again , spending a buck to save a label from a favorite bottle which costs , say $ 50 , is not too bad a deal .
 Fast delivery for the filter for a Honeywell HEPA filter we have . Perfect fit and a good deal . A bit pricey but that is the regular price for this type of item .
 These prefilters have worked very well with the Environcare room air cleaner I have used for many years.I have COPD and Asthma so it is important for me to use in it my bedroom .
 Would have given it 5 stars if it would have been just a BIT bigger , but all in all a very nice wooden toy bench / box . Might be a hair overpriced too , but the value is in the construction of the parts - solid wood , easy directions , and it even comes with wood glue to help the pieces hold for longevity . We have 2-year-old twins , so I 've put together my fair share of tables , toys , cribs , etc , and this was the sturdiest thing I 've assembled thus far . I 'm 220 lbs , and have no fear of sitting on this bench . Great birthday gift for our boys !
 My son says this is his favorite part of his room . He loves playing they xylophones and turning the bells . The colors are bright and attractive . The toy space is n't very large and the hinge also interferes with some of the space , but it 's perfect for smaller spaces . it also works very well as a bench . My biggest criticism is related to Amazon 's packaging of the toy chest . They shipped it in the manufacturer 's box which is flimsy cardboard and the pieces of the toy chest are not well packaged inside the box . The first one I ordered -LRB- using Prime -RRB- arrived with broken pieces . The Amazon rep was great and replaced it with even faster shipping . I think if she had n't done that and the second box had to spend more time in delivery , it probably would have also arrived broken because the second box also looked worn and some of the inner styrofoam was broken . it 's just not packed well inside the box and not well protected . Otherwise , the product itself is great .
 We received this bench as a xmas present for our toddler . The box was slightly damaged , as we have noticed pretty much all furniture from Amazon is delivered . One of the arm pieces was split , which we had to glue and clamp back together , but it is now fully functional.Other people have commented on how little storage there is , but the entire bench portion is hollow , so there is as much storage as there possibly could be for a product this size . Maybe they were thinking that the bench were bigger?We have n't had this for too long yet , so I ca n't speak to its durability .
 I love the way it looks , but it is small so does n't hold much . My son loves it though bc he can climb on it , and he does A LOT . I did n't use the wood glue in all the places you put screws and they fall out sometimes , so make sure you use the glue !! My son loves the things you spin on it too .
 Love this cup/mug . It is so beautiful and so delicate . Perfect gift for the Irish baby , or any baby ! It is just precious . Do n't hesitate on this one !
 Based on the predominantly 5-star reviews , I took a chance on this Simple Human QUick Load Paper Towel Holder . The price was perhaps a little more than I would ordinarily spend . However it 's well worth the money . Loading and dispensing paper towels with this stylish holder is very simple . I can highly recommend it .
 Love this paper towel holder . Easy to load paper towels into and stylish . Above all , it is easy to use .
 GREAT ITEM N WORKS AS SHOWN , PLUS THE FACT IS THAT U DO N'T USE NEAR THE NAPKINS WITH THE TOWEL HOLDER , GREAT ITEM ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;
 This paper towel holder is excellent . Our previous holder had a heavy , screw off top . It was easy to drop and just a general pain when it came to changing the roll of towels . This Simplehuman Quick Load Paper Towel Holder is simply fantastic . In one quick motion , I am able to pinch and remove the top . The roll goes on , and then I can quickly place the top right back . It also stays in place quite firmly when I lift without pinching the buttons . Overall , I am very happy with this product , and I would definitely recommend it to others .
 Looks great , easy to use one-handed , easy to replace the roll , happy with it , glad I did n't get one of the over-engineered ones with a gripper arm . Not necessary , this works just fine .
 We have been using the simplehuman paper towel holder for a couple years now and I am happy to say that it is holding up very well . It is essentially as good as day one . This holder has a solid base that has a good weight . I love the ability to pull paper towels with one hand , although certain brands have a tendency to tear unevenly on the bottom 1/4 of the towel . This is especially the case when the towel roll is almost emptied -LRB- a factor of weight I believe -RRB- . The rubber rim on the base does an OK job in keeping the free end of the paper towels in place . I also love the topper - it is also single hand operated and requires a gentle push button to release . I have found it very easy to change out a paper towel roll in a hurry . You can also use this topper as a handle to hold and transport the paper towel holder to a different location - this is very useful when you hands are already dirty with whatever needs to be cleaned up .
 I bought a previous paper towel holder , but it was too fragile , impractical for its use . This is a sturdy , human-proof paper towel holder . It is rather heavy at the base , so that it is not easily knocked over , and the top is easy to remove and attach . Very good price , and I would purchase it again .
 This paper towel holder has achieved perfection . It does what it 's supposed to and could n't be simpler . Reloading is a snap
 I purchased this product , and I LOVE it . It works just as the manufacturer said it would . You can pull a paper towel off with one hand . Very handy when you are working in the kitchen and have your hands full . It looks very nice on the counter top . I would recommend this product to everyone .
 I bought this for my elderly mother because she has limited strength in her hands and this paper towel holder was the perfect choice . The squeeze mechanism to release the towel holder on top requires little pressure and she can easily manage to remove it , replace the towels and insert it securely back into place . I would recommend this towel holder for everyone but especially those with limited strength and mobility .
 I put off buying this paper towel holder for months even though it 's received rave reviews . Finally I grew tired of repeatedly yanking my entire roll of paper towels off the kitchen windowsill and into a sink full of water when I needed a single paper towel . I decided it might be worth the cost . I 've only used this holder with standard size paper towels so far -LRB- not the jumbo size -RRB- but it works great . The heavy base really does stay put when you pull off a single paper towel . The base is large and the filled holder looks a bit bulky on the windowsill but it works really well . It 's super easy to refill -- just a squeeze at top to lift out the empty roll and put a new one in .
 This is a terrific item with great looks and style . It is heavy enough that it does not fall over when you pull on a paper towel . I ordered this one as it looked very similar to one that I had once owned . The other one had a `` brake release '' style button on top that allowed me to push down and stop the towels from rolling . This one works very well , though .
 Of all the paper towel holders I searched , this appeared to be the best unit , and appearances do n't lie in this case.I ordered and received three of them , and one of them had a pretty bad dent in it , that was n't on the box from Amazon , so I 'm guessing it happened somewhere along the pre-delivery chain.Other than that though , my wife and I love it . We have one for each bathroom , and one for the kitchen.They are easy to use , effortless to refill , and once you train yourself to give the towel a `` flick '' they are a joy to use .
 I 've been looking at this for a few weeks now and finally pulled the trigger a week ago . Once it arrived , I was blow away at the quality of this thing . The weight alone tells me this thing is SOLID.Pros : - SOLID
 Love this product . Sturdy and looks great . No more flipping over holder when grabbing paper towels ! Would strongly recommend product .
 I love this paper towel holder . It is so easy to refill and it looks great ! I would highly recommend this product .
 I bought this paper towel holder to replace a wall-mounted one that refused to stay screwed into the wall , leaving us with multiple unattractive holes that I now have to figure out how to hide . I 've always preferred wall-mounted paper towel holders in order to save counter space , but decided to go with this counter top model because it matches other items in my kitchen and I knew it could sit within easy reach of my kitchen sink . I am so glad that I did ! It is sturdy and attractive , and really does n't take up much space at all . I can easily tear off a towel using the one-handed method . I have other simplehuman items around my kitchen and have always been impressed - I can now add this product to the list . It 's a keeper !
 We have had this paper towel holder for several years and still love it.It replaced one that required one to screw off the top to replace the roll and it took forever compared to this one click model.It replaced another that was so light that it fell over unless you held it with one hand while tearing the towels off the roll and this model is great for its weight on the base , allowing one hand use.It also replaced a third holder that is screwed to the inside of the cupboard door and allows one to pop the roll in easily but also allows the roll to pop off if you pull the towels a bit sidewise.We loved this paper towel holder so much that we sent it as a house gift to a cousin , citing the above advantages . He liked it so much he bought a second .
 Our whole family loves this paper towel holder . Changing the rolls is so easy ! It also works very well at helping tear off just the amount you want . It is far superior to other paper towel holders we 've had in the past .
 This device looks great and boy does it work . No more tipping over the paper towel holder when you pull off a towel , the holder stays put and the towels tear off cleanly . I ca n't believe I suffered all those years with holders that were nothing but a hassle . Loading it is so easy , just press and remove the cap on top and slip the paper towel roll on and then replace the cap , the cap automatically locks in place . Spend the extra bucks you 'll be glad you did , this is the best paper towel holder out there .
 I 've seen other people use the wooden ones before . They do look nice but they tend to be not heavy enough to stay still when you pull out a tissue . This thing looks great and has a nice heavy base which means it stays put when you pull out a tissue . The construction is very good quality and I also like the fact that they chose to go with a detachable , spring loaded top . This makes sure that there is no chance the roll will come off the top .
 i have been using this for about a month now . I like the design and looks good in the kitchen .
 As everyone else is saying , this is the best . something you do umpteen times a day , like grab a paper towel , deserves a holder that does not annoy and frustrate you . Keep your mind on other , more important things in life and treat yourself to this ! Watch the video review someone made and you 'll see !!
 I bought this item about two months ago and could not be happier with it . It comes fully assembled and is beautifully designed and made . The base is heavy and the shaft is solid . There is no flimsyness here and no problem with the holder turning over . It is easy to tear off one or more paper towels using one hand . The price was also very good . I definitely recommend it to anyone needing a new paper towel holder .
 This is very convenient and looks great in the kitchen . Seems well-made as well , so I think it 'll last a long time .
 I wanted to get something to match my modern kitchen , and I was tired of the screw tops when I change paper towels . I love how this one loads , it 's so quick and easy . Only complaint is the stainless steel bottom . Due to humidity in the south & the splattering of water , it leaves water stains around the ring .
 Excellent replacement for the lightweight wooden one we had . This thing has a robust weight that refuses to move , so one-handed use is possible . The underside has a felt backing that will keep it from marring any surface it placed on . The release on top is great , and not that pesky unscrew kind that no one likes and pretty much encourages all not to replace when the roll runs out . Now it 's just a simple squeeze of the release mechanism , pull out expended tube and refresh with a new roll , and just click the handle back on . The looks speaks for itself , materials are good grade and handsome enough for any kitchen .
 The finish on my old wooden paper towel holder was worn and the largest sized rolls were too big to fit , so I began searching for a replacement and found this Simple Human design . Initially , I was attracted to the sturdy stainless steel finish which should remain attractive for years . Additionally , the base is both weighted and large so it should n't budge when quickly tearing off a paper towel , and it is big enough to accommodate any roll I select.I also appreciate the well thought-out mechanism that holds the roll in place . It is released with a simple squeeze so loading and unloading a new roll is accomplished quickly . Replacing a roll on my last one necessitated hand turning the top , for what seemed like an eternity , to either loosen or tighten it . It may seem like a small thing , but after using this holder there is no turning back.Although a vast improvement over my last paper towel holder , there is one small flaw with this one . The base that the roll sits in is edged in black , and the white paper dust that is generated from tearing off the towels rests on that base . The resulting dust looks like the holder has n't been touched in decades , so to keep it looking good , and to avoid appearing neglectful of basic cleaning tasks , it requires frequent wiping.Other than that small issue , this is the best paper towel holder I 've ever owned , and I 'd buy it again without hesitation .
 I bought this towel holder based on a video review on Amazon . It works just as shown in that video . The towels usually tear at the perforations and seldom leaves torn off pieces behind like our wall mounted holder . My wife prefers stand holders , but had given up on ever having one that works one-handed . The other stands were either too light in weight , had no means of keeping the roll from `` free-wheeling '' , or combinations of both faults . This unit just plain works ! My wife loves it .
 I first bought this for my married daughter 's kitchen , but she already had a paper towel holder , so I put it in my kitchen . I enjoyed it so much , I bought 3 more for three of my 4 bathrooms -LRB- this gives guests the option of a paper towel instead of the cloth towels , for sanitary purposes -RRB- . I have enjoyed them so much for the practical applications , but also for the ease in usage and ease in re-installing a new roll of paper towels . So many times I only have one hand free , and it is so easy to remove a paper towel from this holder , whether I am in the kitchen with food prep or the bathroom with one of my grandchildren .
 Best paper towel holder ever . So good I came back for a second one as a gift !
 Love this towel holder , and the way the top releases so you can easily insert your paper towels . I bought this from Warehouse Deals , and it came in like new condition , and looks great on my counter . I 've had it for several months , and it is holding up very well . Would purchase again !
 Made very well and heavy product . It was a gift so I 'm hoping it works as well as the other simplehuman products I have tried !
 This is a first class paper towel holder . It 's heavy and works well and it looks great on the counter top .
 The towel holder is great and works very well . I do not have any complaints what so ever and am satisfied
 This looks great in my kitchen and love the ease of replacing paper towers . I 've now had it for about 2 years and looks just as good as the day I got it . Would definitely recommend this product .
 Why is it that paper towel holders are generally so ugly . You spend a small fortune on a good looking kitchen , and then fill up the work surface with ugly items . These are slightly more expensive , but at least look good - and work well .
 Unless someone invents a paper towel holder that tears and hands you a sheet itself , until then , in my opinion this is the best one yet . It 's heavy enough to hold its position even with my rough yanking . It takes 2 secs to reload . The raised edge and cool design are extra pluses . I 'm thinking of buying one more for the bathroom .
 Has some heft to it so I never have to worry about it falling over when I am trying to get a towel .
 One of the nicest AND easiet to use paper towel holders I 've found . We like it so much at the office we are getting a second !
 works as designed , heavy base , can tear one sheet at a time with single hand . The steel finish is good and also looks great in the kitchen
 This must be made from some high-tech NASA materials ! Haha . . J/KBut all in all , this is well worth the money . Very attractive design + Quick and Easy Release for reloading new rolls + Sturdy and heavy enough base for stability -LRB- can remove paper towels with one hand with ease -RRB- = Awesome product !
 I do n't have much space in my kitchen to put up a wall paper-towel holder , and the adhesive ones do n't last . This towel holder is a great solution . I was skeptical and expected it to tip over easily . It does n't . I can tear a towel off with one hand . The unit does n't take up much counter space , and I like its sleek design . You could also probably clock a burglar with it .
 After extensive research and loving my SimpleHuman trash can , -LRB- Bought them for all my siblings for Christmas ! -RRB- I purchased this . Had re-done my kitchen with under counter lights and needed a stand up towel holder that would not go flying off the counter.This is IT . Perfect , very attractive , and SOLID.I wish SimpleHuman would make cars and husbands , they do such a wonderful job !
 Works as described and as expected . Worth every penny . SimpleHuman products are well-designed and superbly engineered for ergonomically correct function .
 This is better than most paper towel holders that I have used . It has a really sturdy all metal construction , and the base is heavy enough that it wo n't tip when removing paper towels . It has a cool cap on the top that 's easy to detach , and I guess prevents the paper towel roll from traveling vertically , but I have not found that to be an issue .
 It has a ratchet effect which limits exess paper towels to be dispensed and is well made ! And , it 's stainless steel construction screams that it is a quality product .
 It looks good and works well . It seems sturdy . I have no problems with it . Better than the one it replaced .
 I put my paper towel in and it stays there . I take paper towel off the spool and that 's it . Base is well weighted .
 Always been a fan of simplehuman products . This great review goes for both the product and the service . My original ordered arrived less than satisfactory with the top not clicking in properly and the &#34; simplehuman &#34; brand name on top faded out like a used item . So just beware when you purchase this . It is very sturdy though . So I called Customer Service and after a long wait , was given a new one that arrived the next day and no shipping cost to return . It turned out better than expected . This paper towel holder is n't flimsy , stays in place , and very well made . I think the base is a little bigger than it should be but I guess that 's the reason why it 's very sturdy .
 Most Paper Towel Holders screw off to replace with a new role . This is one of the only ones I 've found that has a squeeze top for easy , quick , efficient removal and discard the cardboard and get a new role on there.ConsThe reason I give it 4 instead of 5 stars is because it really shows water spots and finger prints and is hard to keep it looking good . Also I wish they had one that had a arm on it , to help hold it in place with pulling on it to get a paper towel.I 've had 2 or 3 of these and ca n't find a better one .
 I ca n't say enough good things about this paper towel holder ... it has a great heavy bottom and the top comes off easy to replace the paper towels ... it fits well with the decor of our kitchen and is a great value for what we paid for it ... Simplehuman offers the BEST products and I highly recommend them .
 If you are bothering to choose a well-rated paper towel holder , this is a good bet . It does not suffer from not having an arm to hold the towel in place as you rip , as those seem problematic . It has a heavily-weighted base , so you can simply place one hand on top and rip with the other with minimal effort . The quick-release `` knob '' on top is great when you know its time to replace the paper towels but really do n't feel like it . I am blessed with good counter space , so it does n't take up that much room for me , but at my previous kitchen , it would 've been too bulky , and an under-counter one was the way to go . It looks nice with other stainless steel counter-top appliances . Overall , a successful purchase .
 I love Superhuman products . I 've bought the paper towel holder , dish drainer , and the stainless steel step on trash can . This paper towel holder looks great with all my stainless steel appliances and it is very durable . The base is heavy enough so that it does n't topple over when you reach for a paper towel .
 I really love it . It 's heavy so it stays in place , looks great , and is easy to replenish with more paper towels . There 's no more knocking off the paper holder . . I really like this product : -RRB-
 This paper towel holder is the best . It has enough weight to it that you can take a paper towel off using one hand . Most paper towel holders are so light weight that they move when you try to rip a sheet off , but this one stays put . I like it so much that I have given it as gifts . The stainless steel is very attactive and not cheap looking . It is also easy to keep clean . I love this product .
 I like how easy it is to change rolls ; and the weight is nice so it does n't slide across your countertops .
 This Is A Great Paper Towel Holder , No More Paper Towels All Over The Kitchen , One Towel At A Time , Pays For Itself In No Time , That Is Why I Gave It Five Stars
 It 's a simple product but built well . It has a sturdy frame and heavy base so it does n't move when you pull the paper towel . However , the stem is a little tall for Australian sized paper towels so a substantial amount of stem is showing.Nonetheless , it is still better to have more than less and I would not have hesitation recommending this product .
 Just as the name indicates - it 's simple , but it works wonderfully . Loads quickly , stays put , looks great ! What more could you want ?
 I have been very happy with this paper towel holder . It sits nicely and does not move when you pull on the towels . I really like the attractive contemporary look and design . I would recommend this for anyone looking for a nice upright towel holder . It is the best paper towel holder I have ever owned . I have been pleased with all my purchases from Simplehuman .
 I have yet to find anything not `` perfect '' about this towel holder. ;-RRB- The top is remarkable in its simplicity , it dispenses one towel at a time and the cap does not come off unless you want it to ! Oh , and it looks great on my new granite counter top. :-RRB- Just buy one . Worth every cent !
 This is by far the best paper towel holder anyone could ask for.I just received it and the packing was a little odd -LRB- Amazon justwrapped it with bubblewrap . but it looks new -RRB- I could n't wait to put on a roll of paper towel , and it 's is reallyone hand operation.I 'd highly recommand this one to anyone who 's serching a GREAT paper towel holder .
 I have bought all the cheap ones over the years but finally I found one that really works and looks cool on my countertop .
 Sturdy , looks great , and extremely easy to change paper towels . It seems so simple , yet none of the previous paper towel holders I 've owned have achieved this . My old paper towel holder I actually had to screw off the top to switch out to a new roll - this was extremely annoying and tedious . I love how I can just press the top of this in and it slides right off . The stainless steel goes great with the rest of my stainless steel appliances in my kitchen also .
 Seriously impressed with this paper towel holder . It looks very very nice , the base is solid , you can yank a towel off without fear that it will topple over . The release on the top is a nice touch , makes adding a new roll easy . Ca n't beat the form and functionality for the price
 Great design , blends in with a stainless steel kitchen , large enough to hold any size roll of paper towels .
 This paper towel holder is no only beautiful , but it is so easy to change the roll . You ca n't go wrong with this !
 This paper towel holder works well . The top clips on and off fast and easy for loading paper towels . The weight it perfect so you can tear off paper towels with one hand .
 This has a heavy , stable base and a handy top removal attachment . Simply the best paper towel holder on the market.So what are you waiting for ? Go buy this now !!
 Length :
 Having both the Polder KTH-6066-87 Single Tear Paper Towel Holder , Brushed Stainless Steel and simplehuman Paper Towel Holder , Quick Load , Stainless Steel , the Polder wins out . They are both great , but the Polder is sleeker -LRB- IMO -RRB- , and works just as well , if not better.The top `` handle '' on the simplehuman is a bit bulky , which clips on , and therefore is easier to move the unit around by grabbing onto it . The `` handle '' on the Polder is smaller , and screws on . Since it is smaller , it is a little harder to grab on , but I think it is more attractive on kitchen counter top.On the simplehuman , the big black `` flange '' around the base is a bit oversized , and collects dust . The base on the Polder is more streamlined and does not collect as much dust . When I first glance as the simplehuman , I see lots of black plastic from the base flange , and the top handle . When I glance at the Polder , I see mostly brushed stainless.I 'm not sure why the flange on the simplehuman is so big . It does not seem to be necessary , and gets pretty dusty after only 1/2 a roll -LRB- of basic quality paper towels -RRB- . I first bought the simplehuman version , and had a hard time ripping basic-quality paper towls in full sheets , so decided to try the Polder version . Between the two , I think the Polder is easier to use . Using inexpensive paper-towels , I can generally -LRB- 90 % of the time -RRB- rip a single sheet in one piece , with one hand using the Polder more successfully than the simplehuman version -LRB- 80 % -RRB- . Overall , they are both excellent products , but my recommendation is the Polder KTH-6066-87 . If you already have the simplehuman , there is no need to switch , unless you prefer a cleaner looking product .
 I love this paper towel holder ! It 's heavy enough to survive `` attacks '' for paper towels , holds all sizes of rolls , and is a snap to reload ! Just push a button and the top pops off and then snaps back on in a second . I did n't want to spend so much , but I do n't regret it one bit as this is a keeper ... and it looks great with stainless in the kitchen .
 Too good to believe that a dozen folks would agree on five stars for a product like a paper towel holder ? I mean , ai n't there a blemish on this thing at all?Not that I 've found . Astonishingly , I have to give this simple device its thirteenth five-star award . But why ? What makes a paper towel holder better than other paper towel holders ? They 've been around a long time and one 's pretty much like the next , right?Wrongo , my friend . This uses something most others have always lacked.Common sense!Hey , that 's all it took , a bit of common sense in designing what should have been a simple gadget decades ago . It 's so simple you got ta wonder where the kitchenware inventors ' minds have been.First and foremost a truly weighted bottom , something you got ta feel to respect . Have n't we all had the holders fly across the kitchen when we quickly grab for a towel ? Wow , the magnetic one on my refrigerator has practically seen the entire apartment , mostly floors . Wooden ones sooner or later split on impact.Then add a deceptively simple edge on the bottom that nicely holds the roll in place and let 's not forget the much-advertised-but-less-important -LRB- though it works very well -RRB- easy-off knob on top . You know what ? When I think about having just lifted the holder by that knob to move it and it did n't come off , maybe that 's more neat than I thought.And finally -- wonder of wonders -- the use of good materials and craftsmanship . What 'll they think of next , huh?Yep , if you want to get excited over a paper towel holder , this is the one to do it for you . It may not be the cheapest ; but it 's worth every penny.A bunch of us actually agree ! This is one time you can read us all and believe .
 This is the BEST papertowel holder ever ! I have had several before and this one by far out performs all of them . It also holds the oversized paper towels ! Fantastic product and would highly recommend !!!
 This towel holder is perfect for a countertop . It is made well and looks great . It goes very well with my stainless steel and black kitchen appliances .
 This is the BEST paper towel holder I have ever owned . I think this one may be the brand I use for the rest of my life because it is so well made and sturdy . I slightly winced at the price , but it has been worth every penny.We keep a roll of paper towels on the kitchen table instead of napkins -LRB- I have a LOT of children -- really a LOT ! -RRB- and our old holder would knock over or fall over and then knock over other things in the process . This one is heavy with a wide base . It stays put , the towels stay neat and is so easy to use . The whole family agrees that this one is a keeper , and they are pretty picky about what items they think can withstand our family !! It also looks very nice there on the counter and coordinates with my appliances perfectly . I plan on buying another one to keep next to my stove.UPDATE
 Excellent . Takes up virtually no space on counter . So much better than our old one which hung on the wall . Would highly recommend this ! Just push in buttons and top knob comes off and on goes the towels and put top back on ... how easy is that .
 After a few weeks on research , I decided to pull the trigger and buy a new paper towel holder . The towel rack is stainless steel and heavy . I love this towel holder
 Nice , sturdy product . Heavy enough to grab the paper towels off without it tipping . The top knob is removable so you can slip the rolls of towels on and off easily .
 I 'm so glad I got this paper towel holder apposed to the oxo one thanks to the video review . It works great and the bottom is heavy so my kid 's ca n't tip it over easily .
 It is hard to believe how outstanding this paper towel holder it is . I 'm sure you 're asking yourself how could you spend $ 20 for a paper towel holder . Trust me , just do it . For how long this thing is going to be standing around your place , you will not regret it . This baby does n't budge . It is so nice being able to properly pull a nice thick paper towel off a standing holder and it tear properly . Not flip the towel holder over , or pull 8 more sheets out , or it flips into your hand getting your needed to be toweled hands all over the whole roll . This towel holder stands there like a champ and does the job .
 Bought this after viewing the video clip one of the early reviewer posted -LRB- a lady , I believe , thank you ! -RRB- . So happy . I have been using a crappy holder for long , long time . It is almost feel like the old holder was a patient and you have to constantly paying attention to it . With this holder , the patent is gone - discharged . I could not be more happier with it .
 I love this paper towel holder . It 's very sturdy . It looks great on my counter . It 's so easy to pop the top off and put a new roll on compared to my old wooden holder with it 's screw off top . I could n't ask for a better product ! Thanks !!!
 It gets the job done . It loads quickly like it says . You can use it one handed , if you pull hard . It blends in with the rest of our kitchen stuff .
 wife loves it says , it just what she was looking for-very easy to load-great - looks and function , very pleased with purchase
 Great addition to our kitchen . It 's strong , sturdy , and easy to remove top and place back on . Simplicity all the way .
 I have had this item for years now . It is still as sharp as the day I bought it . I use it to dice EVERYTHING . My food takes now half the time it used to . Should anything break in it , I would not hesitate to buy another instantly since I use it almost everyday . I even bought it as a gift for family members overseas and they love it . I really recommend it for every kitchen .
 My chopper makes life so much easier when having to do a lot of chopping up . Takes no time at allto make a potato salad . I have bought one for each of my children and they enjoy them also .
 I brought this product after having no success with the canister type choppers , I got this one and was a little skeptical , but I love it . I use it nearly everyday . I have chopped onions , tomatoes , peppers and carrots with it and it is quick and cuts well . I have found that you do have a better chop if the food is refrigerated first so it is a bit more firm.I am buying this for my mother and mother in law for Christmas.Highly recommended .
 I buy this for birthday presents all the time now -- it 's my new favorite kitchen gadget . Highly recommend it -- very easy to use and to clean up . Very fast for all my chopping !
 I use this almost everyday . It is so easy to use and saves prep time for all that slicing and dicing ! My husband laughs because he thinks chopping/dicing is no big deal but I really enjoy using this food chopper , it 's fun!Paula
 My sister bought me one of these just because she was feeling benevolent . Heck , she is a real sucker for infomercial products . I am not , so I just shoved this into the far recesses of my cabinet and forgot about it . I was relining the cabinets a few months ago and found this untouched . I figured I 'd try it and then toss it into the garage sale pile . I was that sure this was pure junk.Well , I 'm eating my words on this one . It actually delivers on what it promises . I used it to chop my veggies for homemade salsa . It not only worked but worked really well . If you need to dice and/or chop veggies this makes it a quick process . I only wish that cleaning the vegetables was as easy . This really takes the drudgery out of preparing vegetable for appetizers , chili , pot pies , and onions for burgers and hot dogs.Aside from being easy to clean , it is safe to use . It is made of plastic , but I 've used it a lot and have n't had any problems with the body and the blades are nice and sharp and handle even really hard veggies like carrots . I suggest that you hand wash this since the dishwasher can be pretty rough on plastic.Overall this is a nice time saver .
 For the most part , gadgets advertised on TV turn out to be junk and a total waste oof money . The one exception to this is the vidalia onion chopper . Living in GA , not that far from Vidalia , I am lucky enough to be able to buy Vidalias almost all year round due to improved methods of preservation.I think I use onions in almost eevery dish I cook . DH eats them raw in sandwiches . Not only does the onion cuttaer make great cubes of onions , but of every vegetable and fruit imaginable . Stir fries are a snap to make because of the uniformity of size . Vegetable soups look beautiful and cook faster when all the ingredients are the same size . A chopped salad is a snap.Garli minces like a dream when put though the chopper . I use it almost every day and would be lost without it .
 This is the best chopper I 've ever found . Puts the `` Slap Chop '' to shame . I 've purchased this as a gift for a friend several times and they all love it , too . I 've seen many people giggle when I tell them about the Vidalia Chopper , but want it after seeing it in action .
 Vidalia Chop WizardThis is the first time I have ever written a review but I thought the manufacturer of this food chopper deserves my accolades . I eat a lot of salads including celery , carrots , onions and tomatoes which are all added to lettuce . This chopper makes the salad preparation quick and easy.The cleaning of the chopper is fast and the little tool which is supplied works great . It is made of a strong -LRB- indestructable -RRB- plastic . I expect it will last for the rest of my life . 5 stars for the Vidalia Chopper !
 I really do want to give this product five stars , but I have had to replace mine twice because the little plastic pieces that hold the top in place have broken . That being said , I have replaced it twice , because it is truly a time saver . It chops just as advertised . Yes , you do have to slice the onion in half before putting it in the chopper , but that takes no time at all . I use this at least three times a week . A breeze to clean in the dishwasher . This is one of the few `` as seen on T.V. '' products that actually work !
 MY HUSBAND IS DISABLED BUT LOVES TO COOK AND HELP ME BOTTLE SALSA . HE NEEDS EASY TOOLS BECAUSE HE ONLY HAS USE OF HIS LEFT ARM . THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT . WE CAN BOTTLE 150 BOTTLES OF SALSA IN 6 HOURS & HE DOES ALL THE CHOPPING . BUT WITH THE ONION YOU HAVE TO CUT IT IN HALF . IF YOU TRY TO FORCE IT THREW OR SLAM IT , IT WILL BREAK THE PLASTIC PINS THAT HOLDS THE LID . EVERYTHING ELSE WILL GO THREW SLICK BUT THE ONION NEEDS TO BE CUT IN HALF . WELL WORTH THE $ 20 . WE ALSO BOUGHT THE 6 PIECE SLICER . IT HAS RUBBER FEET SO IT DOES N'T SLIDE AROUND & HE USES THAT ALL THE TIME TOO.I HAVE N'T PACKED MY LUNCH OR COOKED A MEAL IN 10 YEARS ... HE DOES IT ALL .
 It will chop onion , carrots , celery , tomatoes , anything that is firm . It makes the best fresh salsa . Having the two different sized blades makes it even better . This is not just anyother ripoff it really works .
 I was wary of this `` as seen on tv '' item . Usually , these types of things are just not worth the money . However , this is the exception to the rule . We 've had our Vidalia Chopper for quite a while and have used it to chop many things and even for a few chili cookoffs.When we first got it , I thought that it would n't hold up as it was mostly plastic , but we 've chopped many , many gallons of vegetables and other items with it . We traditionally make several gallons of fresh salsa for our July 4th get together . Usually , it takes hours to get all of the peppers , onions , garlic and tomatoes chopped . This year , I used the vidalia chopper to do ALL of the chopping . I had 4 people `` feeding '' me the ingrediants and I was able to keep up with them . We finished in less than an hour with 4.5 gallons of salsa.I 've used the spinner style choppers and the bang bang style , but the vidalia chopper is absolutely the best .
 REPLY TO '' '' '' '' `` Jaw Jab `` EIEIO '' '' '' '' '' - Maybe you want to contact Vidalia Manufacturer which is National Express and ask them where they are buying there chop wizard from . The answer you will get is Progressive International . Progressive is the real Manufacturer of this item , National Express is buying progressive units from Progressive , packing them in Vidalia boxes and adding 1 extra blade and calling it Vidalia Chop Wizard . You will receive same exact progressive unit even if you were to order directly from Vidalia .
 This gadget is such a time-saver and is nice and compact . I can chop a green pepper and onion in seconds for Spanish rice -LRB- I quarter them first -RRB- or chili , fresh salsa is a breeze too . The little comb-like gadget makes it super easy to clean the top part and everything is easily contained in the base for measuring and easy cleanup . I am thinking about getting the slicer too .
 I received this kitchen gadget as a gift . After only a month it has gotten more use than many of my other small kitchen utensils . Great for kids that want to help but too young to handle knives . I found that it dices about everything I 've needed to chop -LRB- vegtables , cheeses , meat , eggs -RRB- Also , having such uniformed cubes has made some of my meals look more attractive . Potatoe salad takes half the time . It is tricky to clean and comes with a special cleaning tool that I know in a matter of time will get lost . All things considered well worth the price .
 We have used this product for a few months now and it does a great job on most vegetables . However , I would n't recommend using it to chop carrots or other hard vegetables . If you do , use both hands when pressing down .
 Chops everything ! Have used it many times . The only problem I have is cleaning this darn thing . Very hard to get food cleaned from the grate .
 My wife makes Chilean empanadas , which requires many onions that go into the `` pino '' for the empanadas . Within a few minutes we can quarter about 20-30 onions , then slam them through the grid . It does n't give you time to cry over them . -LRB- One hint
 this was a gift to my daughter-in-law she was thrilled with it , my son said that it was well construced and the material was of good quality . based on their praise for it i would recommend
 The poster is a nice replica , though I wish it were a little bigger , and that there was n't a faint line through the middle of it ... other than that it is a nice replica worth framing . Especially if you are a fan of the cult movie as well as a doberman lover .
 This cooler is deep enough for taller wine bottles , not all brands are , and most white wines are in taller bottles . You can reverse the door so it opens from either the right or the left , it has a temperature control , a lock and a stability feature so that sediments do n't get stirred up if the unit is accidently knocked into . It was exactly as described and pictured and arrived in perfect condition . Also it was shipped and delivered promptly . I would defintely buy from this manufacturer again .
 These look positively fantastic on my counter - much prettier blue than the picture describes . If you are familiar with Spode at all , then you know exactly what color they should be . These are , of course , the less expensive pottery version , not the fine china , but make great utensil holders . I 'm in LUV ...
 Received the canister set from my husband as an Anniversary gift . I was absolutely thrilled ! I just started collecting the Blue Italian and it all started from a birthday gift of a Spode Blue Italian teapot from coworkers . It 's rather pricey for me so I will need to collect small amounts at a time but very well worth it !! Love it ! Love it !
 The product ordered was exactly what I required and was delivered on time and in good condition .
 I was very pleased with the purchase of this product ! Belleek is usually so expensive , so I was suprised to find this piece for the price ! It was a gift , and the recipiant loved it ! Very prompt delivery , too . Thank you !
 This is a nice addition to my Belleek collection . Larger than I thought it would be . Usual Belleek high quality and detail . Good piece for any collector . Recommend .
 This desk/office clock is great.On the face is a world map and major cities are marked with a gold button . By simply pressing the gold button the digital display will automatically calculate the time in that time zone . Not only indicating the time but it indicated am/pm and the date on the calendar at the right . There is a 1 button press for DST and you can skip ahead or back to view the calendar on a digital read out . Retail is $ 110.00 . However I am sure you can find them on sale or clearance by now.If I recall the digital calendar guide works properly until the year 2100 and the Time can be displayed in 12 or 24hr . Great for doing business in multy time zones2 aa batteries last over 1 yr .
 Great grill ... works fine . It is a bit hard to clean , but just let it soak and no problem .
 I was so pleased !! The colors are brilliant and the hint of glitter puts it over the top !!! Love it !
 I gifted this to my cousin at Christmas after she made a fantastic turkey at Thanksgiving . It 's really beautifully crafted , and I love that it 's three dimensional . It has a lovely old-world look to it .
 My husband bought this for me almost a year ago and it is so beautiful and comfortable I love it . It is also easy to wash to . It is such a comfy silk satin feel in a beautiful pink and floral appliqu&eacute; . It is the only bedding I use now .
 I love this comforter set . It is so big , soft , warm and pretty . It was exactly what I wanted .
 This is a very nice rug and arrived in a very good time . It was well packaged and there was no difficulty . It is a nice variety of colors that will go with many styles of decor . You can put it on the wall or on the floor . Highly recommended .
 We love our new waffle maker . It is easy to use and easy to clean up !! Shipping was fast , also . We highly recommend Amazon.com to purchase thru . = -RRB-
 Tried it , loved it , and recommend it to anyone looking for a cute , small waffle maker .
 very nice , efficient unit . easy to clean . the waffles come out great and my son loves eating them without a fork ! no utensils required.a definate step up from my old sunbeam waffler .
 Ordered this 3/27/08 , arrived4/1/08 , fast shipment.Took the waffle maker to my daughter 's for lunch for my 3greatgrand childern . The first waffle came out perfect , even though we gave it to the dog , VillaWare said to throw out the first one.The little ones ate them as fast as I could make them . They were going OH every time the `` beep '' sounded.We also made french toast . It was a BIG HIT.Clean up was easy.This is going to get a lot of use .
 Works great but a little smaller than I wanted . Love them will use it for years to come . Small enough for babies .
 This makes nice little triangular sandwiches , perfect for snacking ! Great product ! I would highly recommend this unique little sandwich cutter .
 For some reason , children are born hating crusts . Who knows why , who CARES ?! For $ 5 or less you can solve this problem forever with this ingenious item . I smush the sandwhich down hard and then put the die-cutter over it and when it slices through to the bottom of the sandwhich , I twist back and forth to cleanly peel the crusts away and sweep them right into the open trash can below the counter . This item is also great for making the fancy bento box type sandwiches . I 've also bought the other styles -LRB- although at the $ 1 store -RRB- the fluffy clouds , the rocket plane and one other one - so they can have a different crustless shape every day in their lunchbox . Over the top ? YOU BETCHA ! But it does save me from cleaning out a tupperware of gooey crusts every night : - -RRB-
 I almost did n't buy this because of the only other review -LRB- 3 stars -RRB- . But this product is one of the cutters in the Good Bites 4-pack , which has great ratings , so I 'm glad I gave it a try . I LOVE it ! I spent so much time cutting off crusts and cutting sandwiches into quarters for my 2 toddlers . I use this at least once or twice a day -LRB- I should have ordered two ! -RRB- . It 's the perfect size -LRB- I 've seen others that are too big and do n't cut off the crust completely , or they 're too small and waste bread -RRB- . You do need to press and wiggle a little to make sure all the seams cut nicely . It does a nice job of sealing in the PB&J , so my 12-month old only makes a small mess eating sandwiches now . Awesome product .
 Size
 It looks awesome ! It is a lot smaller than I anticipated , but it looks great in my son 's room . He thinks it 's so cool ! However , better get it while they 're really young due to the small bench size .
 This is a very beautiful and durable rug . It goes with with the Carrington Stripe bath accessories . I love it .
 This is a plush , soft , thick beautiful rug . I bought two for the bedsides to match our comforter . Highly recommended , it holds up for years !
 I purchased this rug along with the matching shower curtain . Another reviewer mentioned having to put a mat underneath rug to avoid the rug from moving . I have not had a problem with the rug slipping yet . The rug is very plush and matches the curtain nicely . Highly recommend .
 bought the rugs and inner and outer shower curtians very pleased at appearance and quality of all , quick delivery and I recomend the products 100 %
 I am very satisfied with this rug . I use it in the kitchen . I expected it to be a little larger but that is my own fault for not paying attention to the size .
 This rug looks good when you have the shower curtain and towels that match this set , By itself it is a little bland . I use the whole set in a guest bathroom that is never used for showering .
 I received this as a gift years ago . I still love it . It 's beautiful , and every time I look at it , I feel at peace . Seeing it here for 17.99 , makes me want to buy it . Its a great deal for some of Bob 's best work .
 My wife loves the Fiestaware Monarch Vase . It 's a simple design that seems to be an easy fit in every room of our house . The color livens-up a room fulled with dark wood and leather furnishings . The item was shipped and delivered within days of ordering . A most pleasant transaction .
 This is a really cool looking vase . The contrast with flowers is so pretty and it looks great on my granite island in my kitchen .
 This cross is beautiful . I bought it for my niece when she was baptized . It looks great hanging in her room .
 The cross is beautiful . I bought this cross to give to my daughter for her son 's baptism . I figured my daughter should have something too on this special day . I know she will love it !!!!!
 We bought this cross as a gift for our first grandchild 's baptism . We were very pleased . It is a beautiful cross that our granddaughter will cherish for her whole life .
 Have tried the Starbucks pods previous to these and these are definitely a step above quality wise . Love using the pods instead of cleaning up all the grounds -LRB- I know not a purist but I 'm old and lazy -RRB- and besides in a Delonghi 155 I think it would be hard to tell the difference . Good value too .
 These are super and easy to use , when you are rushed & do n't want to press your espresso!Customer service is great ; thanks !
 This coffee tastes very good and has a nice caffeine kick . Although pods are a bit pricy , the convenience and ease of cleanup make them ideal in the A.M. when I 'm in a rush .
 If you want a good cup of Expresso do try LUCAFFE ' . It is GREAT ! The smiling face on the Pod tells it all . Just GREAT . Do try it and I am sure you ail enjoy it ,
 Trying out different brands of Espresso ; Lucaffe is a good , strong and bold brew . I also like the packaging imagery .
 I had been using Lavazza Super Crema in pods for my camping trips because of the obvious benefits when traveling , but when I ran out I thought I would give these a try . Very similar to Super Crema , which is not a bad thing . The pods are much more expensive so we just do them a few times a year . Coffee is of course subjective , so you will just have to pull a shot to see if you like it ! Only thing I did n't like is the goofy looking guy on the package !
 I ordered this rocker for my son . The rocker came in nicely package . Amazon added another outside corrugate box to provide additional protection from damage during shipping . The assembly of rocker was simple . It took me about 1/2 hour to put it up . You should see my son 's reaction when he saw this rocker . It was priceless .
 We received this rocker as a gift for our nursery . The assembly was so easy to do . They separate all the pieces to match up to the diagram shown for each step . It includes a card that you can insert a picture of your little one in , and send to the person who gave you the rocker ! The bottom of the seat has a little poem that you can put the giver and receiver 's names into ! Once put together , it was very sturdy ! Remember it is a rocker and not a toy ! We love this !
 This frame is truly beautiful and VERY well made . I ordered two to give to my daughters and they both love it . It is perfect in every way , even to the smallest detail . I am so glad I ordered them .
 My husband and I love this picture frame ! for our wedding we also had the Eternity candle that goes with this . We love to display them openly in our house and receive many complements on them . Great quality and worth the purchase for display of any picture !
 I bought this item for my sister because she plays saxophone and for the fact that she is getting married this coming summer and will need Christmas stuff for her house next year . She has been absolutely thrilled with it and still has it out playing the songs . She has never seen anything like it and thinks it was the absolutely best present ever !
 A very unique gift that everyone of all ages enjoyed . A gift that will packed away at the end of the season and taken out next year and the many years after that to be enjoyed all over again .
 Love this table ! Sophisticated and sweet , looks great and is very practical ! Good sized , not like many cheaper smaller tables .
 Beautiful bread tray . I used it for Thanksgiving and everyone commented on it and the other Lenox Paradigm pieces I used . I was very happy to have ordered them when the prices were too good to believe . I did order a second bread tray as a gift and sent it back as the silver lines around the top did not meet correctly . No problems with the return as Amazom provides excellent customer service .
 This fan fit our needs perfectly . I needed a fan for my son 's room so that he would n't be woken up by my husband and I . The fan blocks all of the background noise from our TV , and the dog.As other reviewers have said , it is pretty loud , even on low . I would recommend it to others .
 great product . my door was not tagged so i thought item hadnt shipped . turns out it was in the office the whole time and fed ex screwed up not tagging the door . when i sent an email to homeandbeyond asking if they sent it i RECEIVED A CALL FROM THEM . yes a call . great service .
 I am very happy with my purchase of the Honeywell HT800 Super Turbo High Performance Fan ! It is somewhat loud , but with the airflow that this little fan cranks out , it is not at all bad!Shipping was a little high , but this product is well worth the price!A + + product !
 I use this fan everyday for at least 8 + hours a day and it took two years before it broke down on me , so I bought another because I was very pleased with it . Great table-top fan , nice that it has three speeds .
 I have to admit at first I thought the fan was too small and it would n't produce what I needed in a fan . I was wrong this fan is great they really pack a punch . I do n't even need to use the highest setting on it . I have one in my Living room and both of the bedrooms and they really work well for me and my family . I 'm glad I made the choice to get them . .
 Purchased this fan to provide a personal breeze that would not chill others close by . It works perfectly ! It is large enough to provide me with a cooling breeze and small enough not to bother other , more cold natured folks . I would not , however , recommend it for a room-cooling fan unless the room was fairly small . My 8 ' x 10 ' office is about the largest room in which it would be effective .
 This little fan is incredible . I purchased many and love them for power . Sound relaxing and good for noises inside home or outside . Small enough to take with you on trips in your suitcase . I recommend this product highly !
 The fan works great . There is much more power than you would expect from a small fan . I have had Honeywell fans in the past and they hold up well . That is the reason I chose to get another one .
 The fan works great for what we need it for . It delivers anywhere from a mild breeze to a quite heavy one when needed . Only worry is durability , since a number of people have noted that the fan does n't last terribly long before developing problems , but at this price , I do n't think I 'm unduly worried about that .
 I love this fan ! I bought it in the middle of summer and it 's a life saver . It 's a small fan that packs some giant power . This little fan is enough to get really good air flow through my room . Some reviewers are saying that it 's very loud , but I do n't really mind . It 's not that bad . I can even sleep through it . There are also 3 speed settings . The highest speed setting will be a bit noisy , but if you put it on lower speed settings , it 's not noisy at all . Like I said , this fan has a lot of power , so you might only need the lower settings . For this price , it 's earned the 5 star rating .
 Bought it at a couple dollars less than shown here ... the fan IS small , make no mistake about it , but it feels well-built and absolutely does have some power for its size ! Listen , for ten bucks , I am sure you cant beat it . It is portable and lightweight , looks nice , blows hard , and I find it to be quiet .
 great item ... very inexpensive ... easy to use , and very lightweight . I can carry it anywhere . Fan gives a powerful air flow that I need at my gigs . I am very pleased with my purchase ...
 GREAT LITTLE FAN WITH A LOT OF POWER . ONLY DRAWBACK IS IT IS HARD TO CLEAN THE DUST FROM . MUST USE A VARIETY OF PIPE CLEANERS . BUT STILL A GREAT BUY .
 I orginally purchased only One -LRB- 1 -RRB- of these fan from a retail store for my fiance 's computer room but we liked how it cooled off the room so quick that we bought Two -LRB- 2 -RRB- more . We figured the Bedroom could use a little more air since it 's the hottest room in the house . * We have 3 Fans now in total running and it 's still warm * The last fan we gave to cool off our Dogs when they 're laying down in their room AKA Crate . I often saw them panting cuz of the intense heat and I felt bad for them but after giving them one of these fans in front of their room entrance they were sleeping comfortably and cool as a cucumber . They do generate a little bit of noise but not enough to bother you . I 've got Two -LRB- 2 -RRB- other fans running in my bedroom that are louder in comparison to this .
 Needed a good and reliable fan in a hurry . Got that and more with this one . Very good product !!!!!!!!!!
 Length :
 could n't find a fan in any local retail store because it is winter . not only did I find it on Amazon , but it was shipped and delivered in 2 days . great product and quick service
 I have a couple of these that I use in my basement and garage . They are great for creating a powerful , directional air current for cooling or drying purposes . For the size and price , it would be impossible to find a more powerful fan.They are , however , quite loud . They 're not really suitable for using at a desk at work for example , unless you really want some background noise . If noise is n't an issue , they are perfect , and very inexpensive for the quality .
 I purchased this exact fan about 2.5 years ago because I wanted to have two things ... 1 -RRB- A cooler room -LRB- bad A/C circulation -RRB- 2 -RRB- White noise -LRB- I personally sleep better -RRB- This thing delivers . With three speeds you can move an impressive amount of air around . For something so small this fan is awesome . To achieve this kind of power , this unit is fairly loud . Not like jack hammer outside loud , but constant fan ambient white noise . If you sleep to a fan or A/C unit , this works great.Oh , and the best part ! These things last so long . I finally had to replace my 2.5 year old fan after a power surge fried it and the lamp that were in the same socket . Without any maintenance on my part or cleaning this thing lasted 2.5 years before it was killed by lightning . For that matter , it was on almost the entire time that period . I almost never turned it off , but rather used it all the time to circulate air in my room.One awesome value ! Last a long time under heavy usage and you can pick one up for under $ 15 !
 It 's not * THAT * loud . It 's cheap and really makes things cooler without taking too much space .
 This fan is as great as the other reviewers write in their reviews . It really moves a lot of air . But I did n't find it as noisy as others suggested
 I purchased this fan because the humidity in my city is a burden and I wanted a reliever . I am proud to say that this fan has great air flow , is a good size , and was worth the price . Others say it is loud , but I really do not notice the humming as much . To me it is quiet . The only thing I have a problem with is that the three settings for air flow are not very different . The slowest one is not that slow , and I would have liked a notch slower . Overall it is a great product .
 I purchased this fan for my desk at work . Where I sit there 's no ventilation which makes it difficult to breath and it 's hot . I was n't sure if I should purchase it but I am glad I did . It is extremely powerful . There are three speeds but I use the lowest one . It keeps me cool and comfortable . It 's a nice compact size and does not take up a lot of space on my small desk . It is loud but since I work in an open space my office is often noisey . Having this fan for white noise helps block out all the distracting office chatter .
 Does the job well and is great value for the money but it is loud .
 This little fan kicks out some powerful air.I like it a lot.I would recommend it for an apartment or a room .
 This little fan is probably the best I 've ever bought . It has great air out-put , but is a tiny bit on the noisey side . However , if you 're hot and need to cool down , that little noise is something you 'll look forward too.In reality , this little fan really only has 2 settings - off and cold . Because regaurdless of the setting you actually set it too , you 're going to get what you asked for from this little guy.My only real complaint would be that you ca n't tilt the fan DOWN at all - meaning that if you 'd like to set it up somewhere high and tilt it down , then you 're out of luck .
 Powerful fan . I have n't found the fan to be loud , but my old fan was loud and I may just be use to it .
 I was almost deterred from buying this fan because of the bad reviews it received because of its noise . Thankfully , I paid no heed to them . This fan is hardly louder than any other fan I have ever owned of equivalent power . I 've had quieter fans but they were also less powerful . This fan is n't even louder than my central air unit , which does drown out the TV when it comes on . Not sure what people expect but a fan is going to make noise -- especially a $ 10 fan . If this fan can `` wake the neighbors '' then you might want to check for hidden microphones in your walls.I live in an apartment with chainsmoking neighbors so basically their smoke is my smoke too . My clothes sometimes smell like I curled up with a pack of Marlboros the night before . -LRB- Damn smokers !! Oye , their ought to be a law . -RRB- Anyway , on its high setting , this fan does a good job circulating the air in whatever room it 's in to aid in preventing the smoke smell from fuming up my place -- and hopefully preventing me from breathing in too much of their secondhand smoke.My only regret is that it is n't an oscillating fan ; I am sure they circulate air better . However , I knew I could only expect so much for what I was willing to pay.It 's a fine sturdy fan and well worth $ 17 -LRB- Amazon charges a $ 7 shipping fee per fan -RRB- . I purchased two fans for my two most smokiest rooms and they get the job done .
 I love this fan . We had 3 of them , one in each bedroom . Two of them died around the 2 year mark and I 'm expecting the 3 one to go any day because of that . But I think that is a great deal for 2 years . We use it for white noise and to circulate the air . I ca n't wait until my 2 new ones arrive .
 When I was purchasing this item I thought that it was one of the larger floor fans . I didnt realize it was a table fan . It is a very small fan but it works great . I like it .
 Pros-Lots of air movement-small-wall mountable-3 settings-fan angles good for floor and wall mounting-low costCons-Loud , needed to have a low setting half as fast as the lowest setting-Angle may not be suitable for table/window use , it will not angle down or completely forwards-Controls are behind fan and can be hard to reachWorth it if you need a compact fan to move lots of air , not if you need it to be silent .
 This fan is perfect for my office or for anywhere I need a personal breeze . It was a good value for the price .
 I use fans mainly for the white noise they produce -LRB- I live right next to a construction site and either wake up the minute they start or have my fan ! -RRB- I 've been very happy with my Honeywell fan -- it 's compact enough to not take up a lot of space in my bedroom , but very strong for the size . One of the few downsides I could see if that if you like your fans to be absolutely silent , this one does generate some noise -LRB- for me , that 's a plus ! -RRB- I 've had this fan before and it 's lasted for years with some heavy use . Would recommend !
 Small and powerful ; it really circulates the air in the whole room.I suppose it is a bit loud but nothing extreme ; I use it in my bedroom and do n't have any problems sleeping and it 's good a drowning out background noise .
 These Honeywell Fans move more air with less power than any other small fan we have ever purchased . We bought five for the house to circulate air and cut down on the AC having to run and are completely satisfied with every aspect of this little blow hard .
 This is a very durable consistent fan . I only use it on lowest setting . Noise is tolerable . Mostly its a bit too strong on the lowest setting . Being its small it fits anywhere which is very nice . If you put it under a table , aiming at your legs , you wo n't hear it . I have n't had a problem with dust on the blades but if I did , I 'd put a window screen behind it as I 've done on my large 20 '' Lakewood Kool Operators .
 For the price , this fan can not be beat . I 've owned around ten or so of these fans , however each one of them has met the same fate . After using them for a few months , the motor starts to seize up , the blades rotate very slowly and the most ungodly noise comes out . At this point , I 'm used to it and that signals to me that it 's time to pitch it . Any other fan in this price range just can not push the air or cool a room down as well as this one can . I just wish that they would last longer . That 's really my only complaint . Honeywell , please address the motor burnout issue !!
 I 'm one of those weird people that need background noise to sleep . I run this fan year round -LRB- even in winter -RRB- . It has great output and just the right amount of noise for me to sleep . I even buy this fan -LRB- at Target or Wal * Mart -RRB- when on vacation so I can use it in the hotel room . Btw , its cheaper at those two places than online .
 This little Honeywell fan is perfect for pushing a lot of air without taking up much space . I usually set it up at the hall entrances of my home to generate a little bit more air . Its small design keeps it out of the way . As many others have stated , it 's rather loud for its size . However , the white noise it does generate perfectly eliminates outside noises that could wake you if you 're taking a nap or settled in for the evening . For some bizarre reason my dog is afraid of it . She growls and barks at the fan whenever it is on . She hides from it once she realizes that it is n't going to leave the room . Luckily for her I usually keep this fan in my bedroom . It helps me and my wife -LRB- and now our newborn son -RRB- get to sleep.I highly recommend this inexpensive , powerful little fan .
 This is the only fan that I have found that is small enough to travel with and still be loud enough to drown out hotel noises , snoring husband , city noises and any other disturbing noises , while greatly circulating the air in the room . I am a light sleeper and have a dozen small fans that I have tried , all whisper quiet , but this one is tops in my book for `` white noise '' and circulation . I have used the same fan in my bedroom for the last 4 years , running every night for about 8-9 hours and it is still kicking . Very durable and long lasting . I used to buy them at Walmart , Target and Walgreens , at around $ 10 - $ 15 , but they all have discontinued selling them ... BOOOO ! Does anyone know if there are area retailers -LRB- FL -RRB- that are still selling these great fans before I spend extra money on shipping , even though it would be well worth my good night 's sleep ? Honeywell , thanks for a great product !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- This is one powerful fan . I have it at work at my desk and its great . I have my coworkers saying the fan is strong . They can feel it from their desks as well and it keep our area cooler . Its great and I will be buying two more for my 3 bedroom town home . Thank you Honeywell for making such yet another power fans .
 I was so pleased with first pair of these that I bought two more . They are small , easy to move around and the built in handle is very convenient . Very low electric usage . I measured it at 28 watts on low , 32 on medium and 36 on high . My old box used 3 times as much electricity to move about the same amount of air . Quiet on low but a little noisy on the other speeds . A great value .
 This tabletop fan is powerful enough to use on the floor . It 's loud without being obnoxiously so -LRB- although , to be fair , we * like * white noise -RRB- . We found it helps make our home office bearable in the summer heat.There are three settings and we tend to just use the strongest one . We 've used the fan both on the floor and also in the window to cool things off
 I bought 2 of these for my office . They will definitely keep you cool . We had some old basic desk fans that had finally died and the lowest setting on this fan is as high as the highest setting on the old fans ! It can really blow ! Needless to say , I am very pleased with the product . The only reason it does n't get 5 stars is because it can be noisy on the higher settings , but that should be expected by a fan that runs as fast as this one . If you want a quiet fan , this might not be the one for you , but if you just want to keep cool and noise is not an issue , this is the right product !
 This is a great little fan especially if you have a small place . It is surprisingly very powerful for it 's size & cools down a room quickly . The only drawback is the short cord , you can not move it very far at all from the wall outlet . I would say it is a good fan for the price .
 There mixed reviews but so far no problems . On high it really thinks it 's a jet engine . I have never seen so much air moved by such a small fan . As to the noise level , my two are fairly quiet . I love it .
 This fan is pretty nice . It 's a good desk fan , even though it 's not very quiet .
 I did n't expect much when I ordered this fan last month , but it 's actually been pretty decent item . Yeah , it 's a little plastic fan , so you ca n't use it to cool a whole room , but it works great as an `` it 's so hot , I need a fan in my face all day '' solution . It definitely is loud , and I would n't recommend it as a fan primarily for nighttime , but it is very powerful over a small area and does what I need it to . I even accidentally sucked some plastic bits into the back of the fan and they wrapped around the motor , but the fan just automatically shut off and I was able to unwrap the plastic with no issues or damage to the fan . That impressed me quite a bit , as I thought that would be all for my cheap little fan.Overall , obviously on the cheap side , and definitely noisy , but not really flimsy and not easily destroyed . A good buy for the price .
 The Honeywell HT-800 fans are very powerful for their size . We have used four of these fans for almost 5 years in our large candle manufacturing area -LRB- roughly 4200 sq ft -RRB- to circulate air and to force fumes towards our centralized ventilation system from the extreme ends.These fans are fairly small , so they can be easily moved around as needed . They are also fairly loud so , while fine for our work area , I 'm not sure it would good next to my chair in the living room.These have exceeded our expectations ! Recommended !
 I thought it was gon na be smaller but it was not . I love it , Never stick your tongue in this thing though . . NiiiAAAOOOWWWWWW
 This is the best little fan . It 's not as loud as I thought it would be from other reviews and it blows strong . I would have liked it better if it were a larger size .
 This is a high quality fan . It gives off a powerful blast of air . The fan does n't take up a lot of space , which is great . The sound that comes from the fan is medium volume , which is perfect . It 's loud enough to block noises such as loud talking coming from the neighbors , but the fan is not loud enough to be annoying to you .
 Small but powerful . Blows hard and loud -LRB- maybe too loud ; it is not a gentle white noise -RRB- . I bought it partly for the noise anyway.Does not oscillate , but can be pivoted backward on its base , although this feature seems to wear out a bit . Overall , a pretty good fan if you do n't mind a little noise and want a compact blowing machine .
 It 's an awesome little fan ; very powerful . It sits in the same room as my husband and me when we 're watching TV together ... Neither of us have any complaints as far as noise goes ! It does what it 's suppose to do -LRB- push air -RRB- and does so very efficiently .
 I have a home office that is a bit of a dead zone when it comes to air flow from the central air conditioner . I place the Honeywell fan on the floor to draw cool air into my office . It does a great job . It moves a lot of air and makes very little noise . Since getting it , I have noticed my wife `` borrowing '' it on multiple occasions for various jobs that require air flow . It 's a winner .
 This is the best fan for white noise that I can find . It 's small , powerful , and best of all , it 's loud !! I can have kids , babies , even myself , sleep through construction in the basement when this fan is on . I love it ! Best of all , I ca n't hear my husband snore when this fan is on !! Yeah !!!
 Quiet operation combined with high volume air movement makes this fan a top rated buy .
 This is a great desk fan . I use it on my nightstand , and I 'm very happy with it . One minor complaint . I wish it tilted forward . It tilts back , but my nightstand is slightly higher than the bed .
 Like other reviews have said , this fan is quite powerful for its size . Even the lowest setting moves more air than a lot of other fans I 've tried.This fan also lasts a long time . I have owned one for five years that still works great . During the summers , it is on in my bedroom constantly and I am amazed that it has held up this long.With that said , it is noisy . Not in a deafening roar sense , but loud enough that you 'll notice it if it is in the room with you . Still , I like the noise . When I 'm sleeping , it offers a good amount of white noise that helps me sleep.For the price , an excellent fan .
 I am happy with this product and for the price it 's a good buy . It 's small so works best for a bed room or other smaller rooms in your house or if you just need a personal fan .
 Pros :1 . Amazon 's lighting shipping2 . dirt cheap3 . works better than almost all the Walmart fansCons1 . pretty loud on high speedIt 's pretty hot here in Texas during summer , with the fan , I can live without turning on the AC !!!!
 I bought this fan for backround noise to sleep at the firehouse . After a few weeks of use , I am very satisfied . The reviews I read on Amazon claimed it was too loud . I dont find that is the case . For a small , inexpensive fan , it is powerfull and relatively quiet . Any fan will make some noise . Air movement vs noise is the trade off - This Honeywell HT800 is in the middle ground .
 This is the second one -LRB- of this same fan -RRB- that we 've bought . We love them ! Great price , nice style , and powerful cooling . Reliable too - we 've run one nightly for over a year and have had no problems at all . The only thing is - if you are looking for a very quiet fan , this might not be the one . Though in our case it is a plus ; it functions as a white noise machine , and we actually sleep better with the sound than without it -LRB- muffles my husband 's snoring -RRB- ! I highly recommend it !
 I ordered this fan to send to my daughter at a summer camp where she was living in a college dorm . Great fan and an awesome price . -LRB- ... -RRB- She was completely satisfied with it , too .
 -LRB- + -RRB- good value for the moneyportabilitysturdybest . name . ever . -LRB- - -RRB- noise -LRB- ? -RRB- frost bitewind burnA lot of people have complained about the noise this little fella makes.Question
 I have a room on an awkward end of an old house and directly over the garage . Air circulation was negligible ; the room stayed in the extremities and never smelled as pleasant as the bathroom right next to it . On top of that , the walls are so thin that I could n't sleep with my father watching TV on the other side of the house.I looked at the prices of fans at several different stores , but nothing fit my tight budget . I was initially reluctant about this fan , but I warmed up to it quickly enough.Since purchasing this fan , my room has dropped ten degrees in temperature and smells as fresh as any other part of the house . I 've had no sleeping problems even without the door closed against the noise of my family . If you can make use of the noise , you will not find a better buy .
 I moved to Southern California 9 years ago and one of my first investments was a fan . I kept buying box fans and the motor kept dying on them after only a few months of use . About 6 years ago I bought this fan and it 's still going strong.It is definitely loud but it also allows me to keep my windows opened at night and it drowns out the noise of passing cars , helps me sleep . Now I ca n't sleep without it . : -RRB-
 just as small as the vornado fans but a lot less expensive . Makes more noise than vornado but just as effective ! the noise from the fan actually helps me sleep as it 's not an awful annoying sound - a fan and white noise machine all in one !! overall a great value for the price !
 Have bought at least four of these from Amazon over the years . Does the job , last about four years .
 We put this fan in the baby 's room to drown out noise from the rest of the house . It is awesome for that .
 This fan has operated satisfactorily since we purchased 2 of them . Our use of the air conditioner has decreased . The only negatives would be that the lowest fan rate is a bit high for us , and these fans are a bit noisier than similar ones we purchased quite a few years ago .
 I had this fan for almost two years , and is the most efficient at its job I ever had . Yes , it is noisy , but in order to move the volume of air it does , you can only do it with big , slow , quiet blades , -LRB- and I mean BIG -RRB- , or with small , fast , noisy ones . -LRB- Think of a hair dryer -RRB- . Regarding those complaining about dust in the blades , sorry , but is not related to the fan , is directly proportional to the amount of dust present in the room.I find it well designed , well built , well balanced , and a real BARGAIN !
 It is really powerfull for its small size . Has three different speed setting - Low , Med . High . Blows air pretty well . Overall I am very satisfied . You ca n't beat the price
 I have had one of these fans for over 6 years , used it nearly every day and it just quit working . I do n't understand people saying it 's loud . The only sound I hear is the air it moves and it moves a lot of air on high . -LRB- You ca n't move air without hearing it . -RRB- I have one behind me running right now and I can talk to my mother in a normal tone and she can hear me . This is one of the best products I have bought for the money and I will buy several more to keep back in case they stop making them .
 pushes plenty of airseems kinda loud but its a deep sound and for the amount of air it gives its fine.It could use some type of handle to move it around.I believe my fan died due to an electrical surge after about 2 years , but it was good while it lasted.the fan speed knob would buzz due to vibration - u just have to twist it a little to get it to stop .
 Many people make this fan out to be as if its as loud as a box fan ... . its not even close . Its a bit loud for its size , but nothing you ca n't stand ... . the unit blows air clear across the room at least 8 ft plus . I have two in my living room and its all I need to keep it cool in 100 degree weather here in Texas . For the $ 20 I spent , it was well worth it . I expect my electric bill to be 60 % cheaper this month . This is a great investment .
 I 've had this fan for about 2 1/2 years now . After spending some white noise time in the bedroom it is now downstairs in my basement . We have frequent dinner parties and the like and the basement is the smoking room . Since we never use the fireplace in the basement I have the fan sitting on a small table blowing straight up into the flue . On the medium setting , which is barely audible from the lounger and only if there 's nothing else on , it will clear the smoke out of the air in about 30 minutes acting strictly as an exhaust fan through the chimney.This thing will blow some air , no doubt about it . It is not quiet and makes for a great white noise fan but I 've been using it as an exhaust fan for about 1 1/2 years . The last party we threw was for St. Patrick 's Day . I forgot to turn it off afterward and it 's been running ever since . I 'm letting it run out of curiosity just to see how long it will go . I have not turned it off in four months and it 's still running like a clock .
 This little thing is great if you want a high powered fan that takes up a little bit of space . It 's cute , powerful , and well worth the $ 10 that I paid ! The only thing is that it is a tad loud , but do n't let that stop you from buying !
 I am a fan addict . I have tried all the brands . Sunbeam , Lakewood , GE but this one is by far my favorite . Not too loud and not to soft . Good air movement and you cant beat that price . Definitely worth the money .
 Definitely super , turbo , and high peformance -- not to mention a fine value . Plenty of power packed into a solid , well-designed appliance . A little heavy on the white noise , but that comes with turbomachinery .
 I bought two of these fans and I love them . The only thing that I whish it would do is turn downward . It will only stay strait ahead or up . But even with that I am happy with them . I did n't think they were to loud like some did . They have good air flow and push out a lot for a small fan.they are nice and sturdy .
 The fan does a fairly good job for moving the air . The main flaw that I see in this product is that it not very easy to clean since it does not come apart that way . If you can figure out how to get the dust out easily , then the product could be five stars since the price is good and it moves the air well .
 It is the best fan ever made . GREAT PRICE . VERY SMALL . WORKS BETTER THAN ANY LARGE FAN i 've had , and i 've had many.does ` nt oscillate but there is one available that does .
 This fan showed up on my personal Gold Box quick picks list today . I have two of these fans , purchased locally at a slightly better price than Amazon . I 've been very happy with them , although an HT800 certainly does n't replace a whole room fan -LRB- Honeywell makes a larger version , theHoneywell HF810 Mega Turbo High Velocity Floor Fan , which I have n't tried -RRB- . The HT800 is great for cooling off you , your computer , or whatever.Other reviewers have mentioned the fan 's noise . If you 're going to move air , there 's going to be some noise . I have no complaints about the noise level , certainly not on the lowest setting . That said , I would n't consider it for use in , say , an office cubicle.This fan is no louder than the Holmes personal fan it replaced , but the HT800 has perhaps two or three times the air flow . I have a 20-inch box fan that 's significantly louder -LRB- even on its lowest setting ! -RRB- , and moves only a little more air than the HT800.Bottom line , if you 're particularly sensitive to noise , then this fan may not be for you . If possible , check it out locally where you can see how loud it is before you buy . Actually , at the price , especially if you can combine it in an order of $ 25 and get free super saver shipping , you are n't going to go too far wrong .
 It may be little , and a tad loud , but the ` white ' noise created by this fan is just what I need to drown out the noise . I love it ! Plus it really does a great job circulating the air . Yes , I 'd buy it again .
 Like other reviews have said , it 's not exactly a quiet fan , although the noise it makes is n't high-pitched or unpleasant . It blows air well , albeit in a narrow stream . I use my two `` Super Turbo High Performance '' fans 24/7 and find the tilting feature useful .
 I just got this fan and it is terrific . It is hard to imagine such a little table top fan with so much power but this fan has it ! I love the ability to adjust the fan as far as where the airflow goes . I find that the low speed is more than powerful enough to circulate the air in a bedroom . I highly recommend it to anyone .
 The product is good quality , and I received the item on time .
 I bought this as a desk fan . The low speed is equivalent to my old fans ` high ' , and is unfortunately louder . It is unfortunately too loud for a desk fan , but it certainly pushes a lot of air .
 Bought this fan to help circulate air year round . For the price it Ca n't be Beat . Nice Small size , 3 speeds and can be easily Mounted on the wall with one # 8 screw . A Little noisy compared to my Vornado but I Paid four times over what this Honeywell Cost . Even though the Manual advises against Mounting in the Window this is exactly where I am Going to Mount It which will Really Cool My Bedroom down on Nights I Can Live without the Air Conditioning . They Made It with a Screw Hole to Mount It on the Wall and I Guess their Concern is Electricution if You Had It Running On a Rainy Night Playing with the electrical Cord . Common Sense Prevails . Seems to be well Made , Very Portable But Do n't Expect It to Cool a Large Room . If You Mount the Screw Properly there is No reason why You could n't Reverse this Fan to Use it as a Exhaust Fan . Nice fan and Perfect Gift for people that seem to have everything . Buy Two and Free Shipping is Yours . Mine arrived in 2 days !
 This fan is small but it puts out alot of power . It is loud so if you were hoping for a quiet fan do n't get this one because even on low it is loud . Makes a great fan for a garage or workout room .
 Good fan for the price , but it 's not without flaws . It does get noisy as if something is not aligned correctly . You just have to change it 's position , or tap its side to silent the noise .
 I agree with other reviewers . This is a great fan but a bit noisy when pointed directly at you . It is very versitile as it 's size makes it easy to move around .
 not to say hell is n't ` cool ' but this little guy , for the price , pushes some air -LRB- and by ` some ' I mean awesome ! . . -RRB- anyway , I 've had it for a couple of months and it has n't yet done anything out of the ordinary . WOW ! I am so cooL ! - with this fan .
 I might buy this one . But DO NOT buy the Lakewood HV9 fan if it is here on Amazon . A screw that holds the grille on the fan came out WHILE THE BLADE WAS SPINNING and hit the blade . Fortunately when it happened the fan was almost stopped but IF THIS HAPPENS AT FULL SPEED GOD HELP YOU.Lakewood HV-9 3-Speed 9-Inch High-Velocity Fan
 Short and sweet , It moves air well , but is very loud.I use it to work out on my elliptical machine with a TV running . The lowest setting is more than adequate . It 's noisy but tolerable . The top two settings produce a level of noise that only a deaf person could handle.I 'm looking for a quieter fan for my bedroom . But for this price , it makes a great workout room fan .
 I have 3 of these fans and I think they are great ! For the price I have n't seen any that compare . The noise does n't bother me at all , in fact I enjoy it at night as it drowns out my husbands snoring !
 I 've been using this fan for about 3 years now . It 's loud , but it works very well , and it has lasted . I like the fact that it 's loud , because I also use it as a white-noise generator for my dorm room .2012 Update
 I do n't have AC . My bedroom gets really hot . I bought this model because my boyfriend had one in his college dorm room for four years and it had n't fallen apart or even started to age after all of that time and heavy use . My first one has served me well and I just bought my second one . I like that it does n't oscillate because the oscillating part is the first thing that breaks in my experience with other fans . The noise it makes on its highest setting is a lovely white noise that helps me sleep , but it is n't distracting . Amazon 's price is pretty great compared to what they 're charging at my local drug stores . If you 're looking for a small and durable fan with a lot of power , this is probably the best one you 're going to find for under $ 15 .
 Over the years , I 've bought dozens of fans of various makes and models . I bought my fist Honeywell of this style -LRB- the very small office version -RRB- three or four years ago . I use it at work , everyday , year round . It still looks and runs like it did on the first day . I now own four of these small guys , as well as an 11 '' version and an 18 '' version . They are work horses and do their job better than any other fan that I 've ever owned . I also have a Honeywell stand fan that I 've owned for about 5 years now and , just like these babies , it 's the bomb -LRB- it runs all night , every night -RRB- . Do n't tell Amazon or Honeywell , but I would have paid 3 or 4 times as much as I did for these fans - and they 'd be worth every dime !
 For as cheap as the fan was , I thought it might be made of ` flimsy ' material , but it is real sturdy and the different speed levels work real well .
 I 'm reading a few reviews about the noise level of this fan . Its not especially noisy -- rather its about what you would expect , especially for how strong it is . I have this fan set on low , sitting on my desk , and I have to move it all the way to the back of the desk so that I do n't get * cold * . Its definitely a good value for the money . Its a very powerful and solidly built fan . Its not going to break from everyday usage . The frame allows you to tilt it up so you can use it to move air around the room , similar to how you would with an `` air circulator '' - type fan . The fan does not oscillate .
 This is a great fan , just like the name Super Turbo . It is real cool and quite affordable . I compared it to other similar and more expensive fans and this definately is the BEST . I would purchase this again .
 I could n't be happier with my honeywell !!! I am a college student who lives in an apartment with 5 other people . It is hard for me to fall asleep , if there is any kind of noise -LRB- i.e. tv , talking , radio -RRB- . I bought this honeywell to help drone out the noise and it works very well !!! I can go to sleep regardless of what is going on in my apartment !!
 We live in Texas where it gets HOT during the Spring , Summer and Fall so we need good fans . This fan is great for blowing away some of the hot air . I love it but the only complaint I have is that it is hard to clean the fan because the body is screwed together and wo n't come apart easily to clean it . Otherwise I think it is a great fan . I also have an 18 inch one that I 've had for 3 years and it is still working and has never had any problems except trying to clean it since it also does not come apart easily for cleaning . I highly recommend it .
 i 'd bought this fan because of its amazon reviews , telling me it was quite loud.got it this morning , arrived at work , plugged it in and ... WHOA . some SERIOUS white noise , way powerful , sounded like a miniature jet engine . and that was just the lowest setting.must take this fan home , so i can drown out the noise of my neighbors . i think i 'm gon na like this fan .
 I wanted this fan to drown out the night noises such as snoring , creaks , meowing cats etc. . I thought this would do the trick , but it is n't quite loud enough . -LRB- I know most people want a quiter fan so this review may not be very helpful , so for you guys ... . it is a great fan for the money and moves the air around quite nicely .
 I 've read the reviews that this was a loud little fan . I wanted it to quietly circulate the heat from the fireplace around the family room and away from the underside of he mantle . So I figure ; it 's small , how loud can it be ? Well I just received it and yes , it is very LOUD for such a small fan , even on it 's lowest setting . But it does move quite a bit of air for such a small fan . If , like many people , you want to use it for ` white noise ' during those hot summer nights with the windows open , this is the fan for you . If you want quiet , go fo the Lasko 3525 -LRB- I also have one of them -RRB- but it 's only two speed , does n't move nearly the same amount of air , and it 's more expensive .
 We bought two of these fans . They are nice looking , very sturdy , and safe to use around kids . More importantly , they do the job well , cooling rooms down quickly . We like to use them in doorways to pull in fresh air . They are also nice to use in rooms with computers on warm days . Even the three speed switch is sturdy and seems built to last many years . As for noise , these fans make an appropriate amount of noise for the amount of air they circulate . We are very pleased with this purchase .
 I say nice , and not great , because the fan is loud even on the low setting . In fact the low setting on this fan is about the speed of my 11 year old mini fan on high . Air circulation is great . If you have a room that has next to no air circulation I would recommend one of these fans . As for power consumption , I hooked it up to a testing unit ; Low 27 watts at 380mAMed 31 Watts at 410mAHigh 35 Watts at 540mA -LRB- + / -2 % -RRB- For those of you who like a form of white noise to sleep at night -LRB- I am one of these people -RRB- , I would have to recommend you look elsewhere for that comfort noise . The noise of this fan is a little harsh in my opinion.Overall its a decent little fan for the price .
 This thing is bigger than I thought it was going to be , given the reviews & descriptions mentioning its compact size . It is kind of loud , but it would be fine for a house or public application . I bought two , one for my house and one for my office desk . The one for my desk will never make it there
 I have had this fan for 7 years , going on 8 ... This little fan has been going strong ever since with the exception of one summer two years back Oddly enough it went through a phase where I thought it was going to die and had to jump start it with a pencil ... but this summer it has had no problems . OCCASIONALY there is a louder noise that would be what some of the other reviews are talking about , but it goes away.I have never had it tip from being top heavy and have propped it purposfully on uneven tables to drastically change the position with out a problem.The lowest setting is still very effective and I just ca n't stress enough how long this fan has lasted ... it runs almost constantly and is still going strong ... in fact it 's cooling me off at the computer right now !
 These fans are great ! I use them to create ` white noise ' in both of my daughters ' rooms . we have a small house and it helps block out a lot of noise . My youngest daughter had colic and we went through tons of batteries in her ` white noise maker ' ; this fan is terrific in place of that.It does get rather dirty -LRB- I use it 24/7 -RRB- , but a ` swiffer ' can get it mostly clean . But , I have replaced her first one after a year - just so it would be nice and clean . For $ 10 bucks , why not ?? But , I will tell you that each fan sounds different . some are quieter than others ... but yes they are kind of loud .
 This fan moves a lot of air for its size and is suprisingly stable due to its low profile and wide base . It does make some noise , but its been safe around the kids and easy to move around , even in the van -LRB- with inverter and 12V -RRB- . On the highest setting , you can feel the air from at least 10 ft way . I would rate the noise as being similar to the vent fan on a microwave or Jenn air exhaust . Its enough to notice its absence when you turn it off .
 Its a good fan - a little loud - but a good fan . It would have been a better deal if shipping expense did n't add additional 50 % to the cost .
 This fan has three power settings . I assumed they would be Low , Medium , and High . Really , they 're High , Higher , and Hurricane.I will keep the fan and enjoy it , but for desk use , I wish I 'd bought something with a slightly lower output . This is probably one of those cases where I should have gone to Walgreens and tested it out first !
 Great little fan . . Its a very powerful fan , dont be fooled by its size . Great for airing out rooms .
 This little fan is great , and you ca n't beat the price . It is slightly noisy , but not too bad . I can sleep with it on , no problem . I 'd buy it again !
 This is the loudest little fan I 've come across so far , but it moves lots of air , much more than I expected . I have it in my bedroom window to pull in air , and I do n't think I 've had to take it off the lowest setting . The white noise it creates does n't bother me while I 'm going to sleep , but I can see how it might be a bit too noisy for some .
 It 's not only a stylish fan , it really is wonderful . It does a great job . I love it !
 Very powerful , rather loud . I like a fan to kick out a lot of air , but I do wish this had a lower setting . I like the fan a lot , but when you buy this realise that you 're getting a loud powerful fan even on the lowest setting .
 Honeywell HT800 Super Turbo High Performance Fan , BlackThis is an excellent table-top model and does exactly what it says for the size . My only objection is it is too noisy . If you don , t mind noise , then go for it !
 This fan makes is a good energy alternative to keeping your air conditioner on at night . It 's small enough to sit on a table or nightstand , quite enough -LRB- for a fan -RRB- to let you sleep , and it keeps you considerably cool during the night . Perfect for college students in apartments or dorms with no air-conditioning ! Also good for summer camps .
 Works great for the money . I Used it at work for over 6 months before retiring and had no issues with its performance . A peer wanted it the moment I retired and he scored a free fan .
 I used this fan for white noise . After years of use it finally died on me . Disappointed that I ca n't buy another one just like it =-LRB- Great fan !
 I have this fan in my room at night . It really helps keep the room cool . I have a window a/c unit but the fan on that does n't circulate the air . This is a powerful unit . It works effectively on low in a bedroom . I also have the HT 900 model , which is the updated version but it is not as good as the HT 800 .
 I bought this for white noise for my kids ' rooms . Lots of noise even on low !
 This little fan has incredible power for its size . With 3 adjustable speed choices , I usually use it on the slowest speed , as it has more than enough blast for my needs . It also articulates up at down so you can point it at any angle , and it 's only about a foot tall , so it 's perfect for small spaces , such as under a desk . I would have gladly paid double for this little beauty . I 've gone through a number of other small fans and this one is by far the best one of them all .
 this fan has three speeds as advertised and is nice a quite at the low setting . very easy to sleep to .
 Rather than spell out pros and cons , I 'll just call them all `` observations , '' since one person 's noisy fan is another person 's white noise heaven . Anyway , here are my observations after having owned one of these fans for over a year :1 -RRB- It moves a lot of air for its size ; 2 -RRB- It has three speeds , the slowest being quite breezy and the fastest being only marginally faster than the slowest -LRB- in my opinion , Honeywell could 've done without the middle setting altogether , or slowed down the slowest setting more -RRB- ; 3 -RRB- This fan puts out a lot of white noise , even on its slowest setting -- I would compare its slowest setting to the white noise of a box fan on medium ; 4 -RRB- I used this fan unsuccessfully in an office environment -LRB- too noisy because I could n't put the fan more than five feet away from my desk -RRB- but successfully in a home environment -LRB- white noise puts my wife to sleep while still moving quite a bit of air from 10 feet away from our bed -RRB-
 This fan is great . I only wish it had a better tilting system , and a tad bit lower `` low '' setting . I use it for work , as it is stifling there even in the winter , and the lowest setting seems a bit too high . But other than that no real complaints , I am very happy w/my purchase .
 i rencently purchased this product 4 months ago . as on now its working well . i brought it for the summer , it does give a lot of air than you can imagine .
 I have had this fan for a few months now and it is perfect for air circulation in a small room or some white noise during the night . I use it for both and it is perfect . Do n't waste your money on another high priced fan , this is it !
 You 'd think that for $ 10 you 'd be replacing it at least once a year , but I 've had mine for 4 years and it keeps on chugging . It has quit on me once or twice , but if I just gave it a few minutes and/or switched it between different speeds , I was always able to get it going again . That was about a year ago and I 've had no problems since.As other reviews have said , it 's not quiet , but that makes it handy for drowning out other noise when you 're trying to sleep and people outside or next door are noisy .
 Yes , it is a bit loud , but for $ 9.99 , it definitely does the job that it 's supposed to do . I sit in the corner of my office building , so it 's real tough to get the building 's air conditioning fully circulating through ... I plug the fan in and keep it on my desk , and turn it on when necessary . I find myself turning it off for phone conversations because of the noise , even on it 's lowest setting , but it REALLY moves air , which is why I bought it.You can easily read other reviews about the performance of this fan on its lowest setting , so I 'll tell you about the highest . I 've only used it once , and it blew everything off my neighboring cubicle 's desk . A fan is meant to keep you cool . This one will definitely do the trick .
 These are excellent fans for small places . This is our 5th one - purchased for a new office space . Since it was winter , stores were not stocking this and I found this on Amazon.The only reason this is 4 stars and not 5 is they can be a little difficult to clean . TIP
 I have two of these little fans in different rooms . They work great , have 3 speeds , and move a lot of air . Best of all they are inexpensive.Only con
 It 's great on max speed with my computer case opened . It pushes a lot of air . Once you get noise canceling headphones its not that bad .
 This fan is strong . It is not quiet , BECAUSE IT IS STRONG ! So if you want a wimpy , quiet fan , do n't buy this . But if you want a strong fan that really blows , and do n't mind the noise , buy this one . YOU CA N'T HAVE BOTH PEOPLE !!! Plus the fan is like a dream machine , I sleep during the day and it drowns out all the outside noise that used to wake me up.LOVE IT !!!!
 I originally bought this for my desk at work , but found it was in fact too large . I kept it in the box and was planning to use it eventually since the price was so good.I sent it to my husband because he 's working on our new home in another state . He has to always sleep with a fan pointed at him.I sent it to him brand new and could n't wait to tell me how great it was.I definitely recommend this product to anyone who needs a small fan .
 It is n't as loud and powerful as the other reviews made it out to be but for a cheap fan it does the job .
 I purchased this fan about a year ago because I needed help circulating air around my hang dry clothes . It has been a great solution to my problem . I do n't use this fan very often , so I do n't know how it holds up under heavy use , but it seems pretty well constructed . It can be a little noisy on its highest setting , but since it 's used in the laundry room , it 's no noisier than my washer or dryer !
 Does its job , but is rather loud in doing it . The noise settles into a background hum , but if you 're looking for a silent fan look elsewhere .
 I bought two of these small fans . They proved to be very high performance , for their small size and value . They move quite a bit of air , and some noise goes hand and hand . Really great value for such a small amount of money .
 Good buy , very compact and reliable so far . A little bit louder than I 'd like on the lowest setting . But sometimes the white noise is OK too .
 This fan really does the job . On my desk it takes care of me and my hot soup . We only get a half hour break and this makes my soup cool enough to eat and get back to work on time .
 Very expensive S&H for a small product . But it is a good product
 It 's a lot smaller than I expected , but it makes a lot of wind . Also a little noisy , but I use it at night to drown out city noise . I 'm a big fan of this fan -LRB- ha-ha -RRB- !
 I bought this using a gift card I received . This is totally worth the money . It is a powerful fan but some people may find it noisy . It 's as noisy as any other fan , sort of a steady hum . I will recommend this to anybody in the market for a fan . I had compared the price to a few stores and the price on Amazon beats them all .
 I had this fan for over 1 year . It is a bit loud when it is on high , but I bought it for my bathroom . It gets really hot in the summers in Utah and with the big windows it is just unbearable after taking a shower ! I like the fan on me to cool me off and help my deodorant dry fast ! It is TURBO speed .
 Great fan , use it for my office , little noisy but heavy duty and exactly what I wanted .
 I use this fan in my office cubicle and it works great . It 's small , quiet and unobtrusive , but packs a lot of power . I recommend it .
 Powerful , quiet , durable , what more do you need . I now own three of these and would never buy another kind of fan . Plus you can tilt the head straight up which is great for circulating air or drying a recently painted ceiling .
 Great little fan ... I have used it to circulate air in summer and winter ... I have dropped this fan several times ... it keeps working great .
 # 1 , it works . This fan moves a lot of air . I have no idea how many CFM . I could n't find the info online either . # 2 , It 's loud . On setting 1 , it 's audible . On setting 3 , at 4 feet , you 'll be speaking over it 's noise . # 3 , It lasts a long time . The motor is heavy duty . I 've had my fan for 9 years and keep it as a shop fan.The best uses for this are for clearing out air -LRB- eg , exhaust fan -RRB- , forced air movement -LRB- blowing down a hall , or moving floor air to the ceiling -RRB- , or for drying things -LRB- drywall , though paint might pick up dust with direct blow -RRB- . I 've even used this to blow over an electric stove to heat a giant room for a day before gas service was turned on . We evaporated 8 ounces per hour out of a 250sqft of wall texture this way .
 We wanted a noisy fan for background noise in our daughter 's room to block out house creaks early in the morning , and the reviews said this was noisy -- and it is , perfectly for our purpose . It is very powerful and really gets the air moving .
 This is a great little fan with a lot of power . I highly recommend it .
 We use this fan in our little boy 's room for some white noise , and we also keep one in the trunk of our car for ourselves when we travel out of town and stay with family . If you 're looking for a quiet fan , this is n't it . But , if you 're looking for a small and VERY powerful little fan , or one that will help drown out noise , this is most certainly it !
 this little fan just arrived today and as was stated online it moves quite abit of air , as a matter of fact i am in the process of ordering another.good buy .
 This fan is surprisingly powerful , and does a great job . It is a bit louder than you would expect , and the ` low ' setting is relatively high to start , but if you 're looking for lots of air out of a small fan , and do n't care about ambient noise , this is a great fit .
 I bought this fan as a replacement for another Honeywell fan that I was using until it finally died . I use this in the bedroom to help keep me cool and keep the air circulating . It 's good white noise that drowns out all the noises coming in from outside . It 's a little louder than my old Honeywell , but I think it 's due to the size being 4 '' smaller . On the lowest setting , it 's still not too loud so that you ca n't sleep through it .
 Update
 I go through these Honeywell fans like mad . Although they 've got a 5-year warranty , they routinely fail in about a year of regular -LRB- daily -RRB- use . That is , they 'll either stop turning very well , or develop horrible rattles and squeaks . As it would cost more to send it in for replacement than to buy a new one , the warranty is fairly pointless . That being said , these are great little fans for the money while they last . They REALLY move air , and have a good `` white noise '' sound -LRB- if you 're looking for a quiet fan , keep looking - if you want something to help drown out background noise , this is it -RRB- . I wish these were a bit sturdier - and could be opened for cleaning . But all in all , unbeatable for the money .
 I LIKE MY HT-800-19 HONEYWELL/ERVACARE EIGHT-INCH TURBO FAN BECAUSE 1 . it 's black -LRB- and my big bedroom has a ravens themme . -RRB- 2 . it can tilt about three - hundred sixty degrees . 3 . it is compact and quiet as it can be . 4 . it has three speeds . it 's bien in there for two months . and the pointy blades , honeywell black HT-800 quiet motor and turbo swirrily cage can get dirty , but that does n't infect the high-volume air flow . infact , it 's the best fan iv ' e ever owned !!!!!!!!
 Powerful . Basically too powerful . Exchange the 2 highest speeds , with two lower speeds . We only use the lowest speed which is still pretty high . It 's a good fan . Loud enough to serve as a white noise maker as well .
 I just ordered two of these fans from Amazon to replace my current fan of the same make/model which stopped working last night . This is the fifth time I have bought this make/model fan . It is absolutely THE BEST fan for creating white noise at night . I like a LOUD fan to sleep with and this is it ! This time I was unable to find this fan at my local CVS or Target so I 'm ordering a replacement and a backup online just in case this model gets discontinued . Creates a deep , rich white noise . If you 're addicted to white noise at night like I am , you can even travel with it - yes , much to my husband 's chagrin , I pack it in my suitcase.The only draw back to this fan is that you have to replace it fairly frequently -LRB- maybe once a year , every year and a half ? -RRB- , because it will stop working , but then again , I use it 7-9 hours a night every night . Circulates air nicely .
 This fan helps my daycare kids sleep . It blocks all the outside noise that keep them up . We are going to buy another for the bed room to get a better sleep at night .
 I own three of these fans and two of the larger version . They are the answer for hot flashes !!! I just wish I 'd bought them years ago .
 Reason for buying : I bought this fan mainly to push cigarette smoke out the window of my computer room as it got stuffy really quick as the computer generates a lot of heat . It was especially bad in the summer . I was browsing around Amazon for a nice table top fan that was strong and sat low on the table so that , when placed next to an ashtray , it would sit an inch or two above the ashtray.Cost : I actually paid only $ 11 for this at a local Home Depot.Results : It is absolutely perfect . It sits perfectly above my ashtray and the fan pulls any smoke coming out of the ashtray straight out of the window . The window is only 2 feet away from the fan but on the lowest setting , the smoke is blown strongly and constantly . It also circulates the rest of the room very well.Noise : This fan is actually very loud on the highest setting but the amount of air it moves is ridiculous . If you need to circulate a room quickly , the highest setting will drown out your ears but it will also do the job very well . The lowest setting is tolerable and only makes a hum clearly audible from up to 100 ft away . The hum is equivalent to a bigger fan -LRB- 20inch -RRB- on a medium setting . I do n't mind the noise much and can tolerate it without complaint but I can see it getting noisy for others.For the money , this fan is absolutely amazing . Moves a lot of air and is compact.OverviewPros : - Moves alot of air in a compact size - Cheap ! -LRB- $ 11 dollars at Home Depot during the summer -RRB- - Reliable -LRB- been running almost daily for a month with no problems -RRB- - Feels sturdy -LRB- The speed dial has a very solid click to it that feels durable and well-made and not flimsy like some other fans -RRB- Cons : - Could be a bit noisy for other people
 Well its power is so strong that I can feel cool even if I turn it on the lowest level . However the biggest problem is that it can only be fixed to blow toward one specific direction .
 After ready many reviews that all said the fan was loud , I decided to buy one . I am glad . Like many others , I wanted something to make noise so that I could sleep . It is small , light weight , easy to move around . Perfect for my use . I could not believe how fast it was delivered . Two days from the day I ordered it . WOW !
 My old fan was dusty and not all that great , so I read the reviews , saw that this one came up as quiet , and bought two of them . I 've had them a month , and so far so good.They 're not as quiet as I had thought , but are still quiet . My main complaint is an odd one . They are actually TOO powerful for my intended use . I bought them to have a fan blowing air on me during the night . I like it very cool , even in the winter . The airflow is actually stronger than I 'd like , even on the lowest setting . However , when I have it blowing on me as I sit at my computer desk 6 feet away I am VERY greatful for this fan 's power . As others have said the controls are slightly awkward , both in their location , and because you go from off to high to medium to low , which is strange -- you should work from off to low and so on.Still , these are minor minor quibbles . If you want an inexpensive fan that works well and is pretty quiet , this is a solid buy .
 As the title says , it is a very powerful fan . Even at the lowest speed setting , it can create significant amount of air flow . And , the 90 degree flexibility allows for multiple uses , instead of cooling you directly , you can circulate the air inside the room , without getting disturbed by the air blowing at your face . And , as another person mentioned , it is even better if you can mount it somewhere above.Now , regarding its weak points , first the position of the button is not in a good place . But , I guess , given its setup , that is expected . Secondly , it starts with the fastest mode and goes to the slower modes with each turn of the switch , kind of forcing you to select the fastest speed mode , at the beginning - a little strange for me , may be ok for others . And , I wish the noise that it generates while it is starting to operate initially would have stayed till the end ; that is not case , the noise gradually increases until it reaches a level that can be considered noisy -LRB- though , it is still at an acceptable noise level -RRB- .
 Short Version
 I love this little fan 's design , Its an all black color made of hard plastic that feels like it will last for quite some time even through alot of abuse plus a sturdy wide base so I never have to worry about accidently knocking it over.It has phenomenal air out put for its size . It blows away my 21 inch galaxy box fan so I 've given that one to my room-mate . The noise does n't bother me at all ... In fact the sound puts me to sleep.I highly recommend this fan
 For a non-oscillating fan , this little guy moves a lot of air . It is also really loud . Some may see that as a drawback , but in my little campus apartment , it 's been a blessing . White noise to keep the ska band down the hall 's noise OUT . -LRB- They 're pretty terrible ! -RRB-
 You ca n't beat it for the price . It is a little loud as previously reported , but overall a good buy when the price is considered .
 I bought one , loved it , bought several more -LRB- they come in black and white -RRB- . Looks great , moves the air - makes a big difference ! - and not very noisy except on highest setting . Still is quiet compared to most fans .
 THIS FAN WORKS SUPERB FOR A SMALL FAN THAT MOVES A LOT OF AIR !!! I USE IT TO DRY OUT THE INSIDES OF MY ICE HOCKEY SKATES , GLOVES & PADS & IT DOES THE JOB QUICKLY AND EFFECTIVELY !!! GREAT BUY , It is noisy but considering the volume of air it moves I do n't mind .
 Small but powerful fan is very sturdy and does n't tip over easily . After a month it 's still going strong .
 It is strong durable and small enough to tote around ! It too really puts out a turbo amount of coolness ... I carry mine to the gym in a small duffel bag and it really makes my workout on the elliptical a cool breeze ! Very light weight and an awesome personal fan , it just needs an outlet !
 I bought 2 of them for bed room & living room and am very satisfied with this purchase . . I did a thorough research before buying it and this product had a very good rating . . When it arrived I thought it is very small and it may not suffice our need but when I turned it ON I could n't believe the power this small thing had . . The 3 speed setting is just apt for the temperatures in summer in NJ . . As this fan is fixed in only one direction it would have been the best fan if it moved side ways thats what I think . . But overall its good product and am happy with it .
 This is a great fan . It moves air well , and is fairly quiet.If I could change one thing , I would add an even slower speed . The slowest speed turns pretty fast , and creates a breeze . Something a little slower that would just circulate without torrents would be a nice addition .
 I use this to block out noise when I sleep and it works perfectly for that . And for that reason , if you are looking for a nice quiet fan then this is not the one .
 I am so bummed that this fan is no longer available . It far surpasses its successor , the HT900 , in making a nice white noise that blocks out noise and enables a good restful night sleep .
 I felt the need to write a review for this after thinking about how long it 's lasted me so far . I believe I 've owned this for about 4 years now . It 's an incredible fan . It 's very small and compact , good for a desk or table . But it 's also very powerful . I would not say it 's too noisy compared to other fans . Also , the price on here seems a bit high . I got mine on sale for $ 9.99 at Pep Boys of all places.Ultimately , this fan is a great , versatile fan . You can use it for small rooms or take it with you as a travel fan . Yet it is powerful enough to blow like a much larger model .
 For being a small fan it is strong . You can feel the wind moving around . I leave it on 20 + hrs straight without turning it off and it does not overheat or struggle ! It is very consistent and works as good as a big fan . I had this on all day and night in the hot summer nights and it never caused any problems . I left it on for three days and it never slowed down , this thing is a beast and does n't lag . WORTH BUYING ! You wo n't regret it . Easy to move , light weight , nice design , extension chord is about five feet . It does n't produce much noise , you can still hear your tv and music , but if you 're room is quiet you can clearly hear it working with no sign of struggling .
 I bought these specifically because they are loud . They provide good white noise for the whole family to sleep by . Do n't have to worry about waking the kids when we 're getting ready in the morning , etc. . If the kids are hot at night , they point the air flow directly at them , and it blows good enough to help keep them cool .
 perfect lil fan . I keep it on almost all the time . Works great , saves space , circulates the air nicely .
 This fan saves the day . Our apt has no A/C and this little guy does a great job while being quiet . I use it constantly .
 I have had this fan for about 4 to 5 years and i use it everyday . I always have it on the high setting because my body overheats and the noise helps me sleep . Some people wont like the noise but its perfect for me and its not that loud.I would have to say that the only flaw about this is that you cant really take it apart to clean it and dust . You will have to use a can of compressed air which can only do so much . I will use a q-tip to try and clean some of it but thats a pain in the butt.It still works but now it makes this annoying sounds on the high setting and its been through ALOT . I am thinking about getting this exact same one again unless i find one simular that you can take apart without too much trouble . This is a good quality product .
 I 've had this fan for about 2 years now . Keep it in on in my bedroom overnight in the summer since I do not have AC . It really is perfect for what I use it for.I 've read a lot of negative comments on the noise level of this fan , however that 's one part of the fan that works for me . I go to bed a lot earlier most nights than other people in my house and the fan effectively blocks out all of their noise - TV , laughter , video games , music.Loudness aside - the fan does its job in cooling off my room at night . I have it tilted to point directly at my bed and I can sleep comfortably through the night on the hottest of summer days . I 've actually woken up a little chilly some mornings , even at level 1 . I would definitely recommend this for someone who needs to cool down a small area and can work around noise .
 I have the larger size of this fan that measures 12 inches across the `` face '' of the fan . I mistakenly thought that this fan was 12 inches wide , but the face is 9 inches wide . The 12 inch measurement listed for this fan includes the fan 's stand.These are great fans though , and I am very happy with the two that I ordered ! They are very powerful considering their small size . They 're also very sturdy , which is great when you have pets running around and are accident prone yourself .
 Really good fan , speeds are great and portability is nice too . Previous reviews claim it 's really loud-but no where does it say that it 's supposed to be `` super quiet . '' It 's a fan , yeah , it 'll make some noise . But it 's not enough to keep you awake at night.Highly recommended .
 Makes a lot of noise for a small fan but that being said it does an amazing job at circulating air in a small room . Definitely recomended if noise isnt an issue . The grey noise helps drown out random noises in a dorm room as a positive .
 If it 's too hot to sleep , or too hot to run my computer , I 'll gladly compromise with a slightly loud , -LRB- but no louder than most , -RRB- fan . And this little fan kicks the air out like a champ . It somehow manages to cool a room off even if there 's no a/c and there 's nothing but hot air to move around . I use it to suck in the cool air from my air conditioned front room into my bedroom and it performs very well . I bought two of them , one black , one white . The other one I keep on low and blowing on my computer to add to its protection . Two of these for $ 25 total , free shipping , excellent performance , what 's not to like about it?If you have a problem about not being able to open it and clean the blades , just use a can of compressed air . Some compressed air in the motor area will help keep it clean and help it last longer , too . UNPLUG THE FAN FIRST !!! Also , for those that complained about it not oscillating , they offer another model of the same thing that does oscillate , for less than $ 5 more right here on Amazon . -LRB- Honeywell HFT114B Oscillating Base Turbo Fan -RRB-
 I am a white noise connoisseur , so I do not use this fan for air circulation as much as for background obfuscation . I ran this fan every single day for 6-10 hours over 3 years before the motor went bad . I did a little research and , given the price range , decided to repurchase this same model again . Very happy with it and I 'll do it again when/if this one dies .
 This light , portable little fan works great . It produces a very smooth white fan noise that 's not very loud , but not whisper quiet . It 's great for sleeping and it moves air pretty well . It 's quite stable for what it is - a small , portable fan.Anybody who puts a floor fan on a windowsill and complains about the results should not waste his money on a college education , and should instead invest in a clamp , or a different fan .
 Do n't ignore the reviews , this fan is really loud . It is loud enough to be bothersome most of the time .
 This little fan has serious kick to it . I like the loudness of it because it helps me sleep but you ca n't have it on when you are working on the phones at home .
 I purchased this fan to go under my desk in my office . I use it when our central AC goes out and the heat is unbearable . The fan performs nicely by giving plenty of air and you can position it easily . The noise is low so it does not seem to bother co-workers . My only complaint is that if you have the fan on high it automatically wants to tilt one to two clicks upward . This can be irritating if you want the airflow to go straight .
 This fan is great . It works perfectly in my daughter 's dorm room , and is the right size for the narrow window sills . She tells me many kids in her dorm have the exact same fan .
 The picture shows two , but nowhere in the text -LRB- at least when I purchased -RRB- did it mention quantity . In fact , the description was written with references to the item as a singular item , so I was afraid I would only get one . So I bought two . When the package came , there were two per order . So now I have them below two different sinks in the house.Installation was easy , and they are a great thing to have , to hide kitchen sponges , scrub pads , etc. .
 Got these to replace the original rusted metal version . Easy to mount , easy to remove to clean . Plastic , so no rust . I replaced one long one with two shorter ones . Helps to segregate dish sponge from everything else .
 My sinks have little doors that flip out to reveal these plastic trays . The little tabs on mine that keep the doors from flipping all the way forward were broken and it was a real challenge to find replacements . These were just right and so far none of the tabs have broken off .
 Pods are an expensive way to drink coffee , but they are convenient with very easy cleanup . This particular blend produces a very flavorful but delicate tasting shot . I 'm not an espresso fanatic and use a Breville Cafe Roma . I think the shots I make at home are superior to the ones I can get in commercial establishments at about half the cost .
 For those with E.S.E. pods espresso machines , this coffee is the perfect match ! You smell the aroma straight out of the pouch . You watch the rich brown color drip into your cup followed by a smooth crema . Some say it almost smells like fresh baked bread . As you take your first sip , your ca n't help but savor the moment . Made from 100 % Arabica beans , it is one of Lucaffe 's most popular flavors .
 Pedestal towel holder arrived just as described . Height is just right-short enough to allow vanity mirror door to open and just tall enough for fingertip towel to hang without touching counter . Nice addition to bathroom sink area if you have the space . I would have preferred to have one ring only option for a single sink .
 A very sturdy towel holder with 2 rings that sits on our vanity . I do need to get `` fingertip '' towels , though , since regular hand towels are too big . I 'd definitely recommend it .
 Good product , excellent value . Could use a bit more weight in the base for stability . However , nothing compares in quality even at double the price .
 The product is useful for a double vanity , which I have . It was just what I was looking for to serve as a handtowel holder on my vanity .
 The vendor was extremely responsive regarding the status of my order and date of delivery . It was very well packed , and when I assembled it , there were no scratches , cracks , etc. . The finish is frail , so therefore , do not let the side mirror panels hit the center panel , the finish will chip off . It is a beautiful piece of furniture for the price .
 This picture is so beautiful and the frame I got -LRB- cherry wood -RRB- makes it look ever better . Great pic .
 I tried these after using and enjoying the Lavazza Gran Crema full-caffeine pods . I was pleasantly surprised to find that these decaf pods are not missing anything at all in terms of strength , flavor , or volume of espresso . In fact , these decaf pods taste as good as or better than any full-caffeine pods I have tried , including the Lavazza Gran Crema mentioned above and Lucaffe 's own Blucaffe ,100 % Arabica -LRB- black bag -RRB- and Exquisit -LRB- red bag -RRB- . These are excellent !
 Smooth , consistent flavor with a reasonable amount of crema . I have never had any quality issues with these pods , either , which I have with some other brands ... Almost a hint of a chocolate aroma before brewing ... these are a top choice for an after dinner coffee ... Yum ... I think I 'll go make one now .
 This item both shipped and was received in a timely fashion ; and when it arrived was exactly as advertized . My young daughter , who loves to dance , absolutely adored this product . I would recommend this item to anyone who loves the finer art of dance or who simply appreciates the amazing fluidity of a ballerina . This item in my opinion truly captures that aspect of `` the dance . ''
 I bought this flag for my husband . The quality of this flag is very good . The shipping was really fast . Costumer service was very good . I recommend this product .
 I think one takes a real risk having something like this shipped but the lamp arrived well packed and undamaged . The lamp had very slight circular scrach marks on the brass . It appears it was on display and dusted off . My wife is n't as fussy as I am so it was n't worth the trouble to return it . But I would expect to receive it in pristine condition . Also one of the small arms that holds the bracket for the shade was bent in and I had to bend it out . I ca n't see how this happened in shipment so I believe it was shipped this way.The price was very good and the wife is very happy so if it was in pristine condition I would have given it 5 stars .
 The only fitted sheet that we have ever had that the corners fit and do n't come lose .
 These sheets are great . The only complant I have is that I was sent a queen size set instead of full and did not realize this until after I washed and put on my bed . Still like them !
 I just rec 'd and washed the white set ordered 5 sets b1g1 free deal burgundy , silver blue , white , heather -LRB- lilac -RRB- and green.When I rec 'd them they were so light feeling and when I saw 60/40 cotton / polyester mix I thought oh no ! But after I washed and put them on the bed . I was impressed they feel so silky soft very deep pockets . While I am not crazy about polyester It will proably ad to the duribility of the sheets . I am glad I re-read the reviews here so I know to expect bleeding of the dark colors . My tip is to add about 1 cup of salt or vinegar to your wash water this will help set color and stop bleeding .
 Very smooth and Comfortable . We have been using it since almost a year and it looks pretty even now . Highly recommended
 I 've really enjoyed the Martex 300 thread count queen-size sheet set in heather . I love the softness of this high thread count and I love the easy care of a cotton-polyester blend -- especially one that 's got more cotton than polyester . The color has held up well and the sheets and pillowcases seem well made -- no seams coming apart after several months of use . I 'm about to buy more of these sheets in a different color -- great product for the price !
 The sheet is very soft and comfortable , but I have n't had it long to test its durability . My mattress is about 10inch deep and the sheet fits perfectly . If my mattress had been any deeper , I think the sheet would have been too tight .
 I just wanted to leave a quick review for these sheets -LRB- fitted , flat and pillow cases -RRB- for the _ Burgundy _ colored Martex 300 thread count queen size.These sheets are very nice , soft and comfortable . Just a word of warning with the darker color sheets . You may want to wash them more than once as after only one washing they still bled their color into our light colored sleepwear -LRB- during the night -RRB- . Not a huge deal but noticeable . I would suggest washing these darker colored sheets at least twice , maybe even three times before using them . Other than that they are great . We also bought the Eucalyptus -LRB- light green -RRB- sheet set and did not have this problem . We will be buying at least one more set of these sheets , have not decided on which color yet though .
 I wish I could buy a set of these in every color . However , you only need so many sets od sheets ! I was very pleased with these sheets . They are very soft and washed up nicely . The fit my 11 inch thick mattress well , and theres room for even bigger mattresses . No complaints at all ! A great deal , and one I would not have been able to get if not for Amazons wonderful prices !
 I was very pleased with the product . The price was excellent . Hope to find it again in the future .
 This was a great purchase . Love it ! The only complaint I have is one of the shelves had a broken piece on it , but , I called the container store and talked to a real live person within 2 minutes of calling . They were quite sorry for the mishap and very polite . They had my new shelf out to me with in a week . Looks beautiful and was easy to put together . For the price defiantly a great buy !
 I recently organized my garage . It 's a little sentence , but it was a lot of work . I found that the Racor products made it very easy to have an accessible `` away '' place for everything . The interchange system , like this basket uses , was very handy when I decided to move things around mid-project . I also used their pro-stor line , which I like even better because the items feel very secure . The other line of products , the one they consider the higher end , was nice enough , but essentially the same as the others , assuming you can find the precise storage gadget in more than one of their lines I 'd go with Pro-stor or Interchange.Anyway , the basket itself is very handy . I initially bought two and have had many uses for them . I highly recommend the product . The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that due to the interchange system , the basket does n't feel as secure as some of their other systems . The Interchange button itself is very secure when mounted into a stud , but the hooks , baskets , etc that hang from them are n't as secure as they would be if they were mounted directly to the wall . They are n't flimsy and hold quite a bit of weight , but there is a little play from side to side because of the design .
 I actually bought these to put inside our pantry door to hold more items like cereal , cake mixes and etc. . They work really well and I have n't had a problem ever since I purchased them . They can be used for many other things , but I have found them to be steardy and they also hold their weight and they are pretty good sized .
 I wall-mounted two if these baskets in my coat closet . They are easy to mount , easy to remove , and very sturdy . They are a great size for winter items like hats , gloves , scarves etc. .
 Amazing product , very easy to use and setup . No issues what so ever with the capacity that this item was able to hold . Would highly recommend this to anyone that has quite a few car cleaning products and no place to store them all in a concise location .
 I love my pod coffee maker , despite the machine 's flaws . If you do n't get the pod in there JUST RIGHT , the water leaks out around the pod 's edges and sprays out everywhere . After many false starts , I finally learned to really squish the pod down into the pod holder . I have n't been sprayed in months . I love how you can brew just one cup at a time , which is all I ever have . I switched to another brand of coffee pods , though -- I think the Juan Valdez pods come in excessive packaging . Other pod brands work just as well in this coffeemaker , taste better , use less packaging , and are cheaper .
 I got this for Christmas over a year ago , and it still works great ! I use it most every morning . The coffee quality is n't as good as my drip maker - no pod coffee maker can ever measure up to a drip maker - but it 's very easy to brew just one cup and with no cleanup -LRB- except to remove the used pod ! -RRB- . I agree with the other reviewer that the Juan Valdez coffee pods come in excessive packaging -LRB- individually wrapped pods inside a cardboard box -RRB- , plus my grocery store does n't carry them . Any brand pod can be used with this coffee maker . I use whatever 's cheapest , usually the Senseo Douwe Egberts . I buy either the dark roast or the vanilla flavored . I prefer strong coffee , but even the dark roast pods are n't strong enough for me.I wish I had the black-colored machine because the white shows every single coffee stain .
 This maker is the better of the two pod coffee machines I had . It is EASY to make your own pods that work very well and you have much better coffee due to fresh grind . My problem was that the part that catches when you close the lid broke . It probably was mostly my fault but it is made of plastic unlike the metal one on the other pod maker I have . That is why the other one still works and the Juan Valdez is broken . IF you are careful not to overfill your homemade pods you 'd probably never have a problem with it . Just be careful in closing it and do n't force it . I also noticed that it was rather erratic in how much water it would run on different settings . Sometimes on the 12oz setting it would only generate about 6oz . So you 'd have to hit the button again .
 ... and I love it ! I do n't always make coffee by the pod , but my husband sticks to coffee in the morning only . When I want that afternoon pick-me-up , I go to Juan . He has treated me right so far and my husband does n't seem to mind that there 's another man in my life . ; -RRB- Okay , here 's the serious stuff : I give it five stars because it does the job I bought it for ... which was making a single cup of coffee once in a while to satisfy my java jones.The coffee is n't the strongest , richest , greatest cup of coffee you 'll ever drink , but it does the job if you can snuff out the woeful cries of your inner coffee snob long enough to inhale a quick cup of bean juice and get on with your day . I 'm not crazy about the JZ pods . I have used Mellita pods in the past , but have n't been able to find them on Amazon of late . I 'm thinking of going with some of these 100 % Kona pods they have . If you 've not tried Kona , go for it ! It 's well worth the price . -LRB- Caution
 I have had this machine for a little over a year now . It works perfectly every morning !
 I get regular coffee shipments from Gevalia , but the complimentary machine they sent with their program was very loud , vibrated the whole kitchen counter , was not reliable about dispensing the correct amount and the reservoir leaked every time I tried to move it . Within three months , I was ready to toss it and go back to a funnel-over-the-cup method.Then my sweetie gave me a JVPM1 brewer as a gift . It is quick , quiet and so far very reliable . And the Gevalia pods fit in it just fine . I 'm thrilled with both the machine and the wonderful guy who gave it to me !
 I 've had this model for over two years . It works like a champ . My wife drinks decaf and I drink regular and this pod brewer allows us both to have coffee without having to brew separate pots . Small annoyances include not being able to brew the last cup of water in the reservoir -LRB- brewer stops half way through last cup -RRB- ; brewer drips something awful if you leave used pods in the machine . As long as you keep an eye on the reservoir -LRB- to refill before the last cup -RRB- and remove your pods when done , this should work fine for you .
 Overall I 'm very happy with the brewer . It 's easy to use and it cost much less than other high end single cup brewers . Its also fast , heats the water and is ready to go in about a minute . Downside is I have to run it through two cycles to get a travel size mug of coffee . Also the free pod samples they sent were mostly flavored or dark roast , neither of which I care for .
 Very pleased with product . The price is excellant . The only thing that I was not pleased with was the free 90 pods . All were flavored Hazelnut which were great if you drank flavored coffee.I would recommend this item for performance and price as compared to some of the other coffee makers for pods .
 My husband and I are n't coffee drinkers and to be honest neither of us know how to make coffee ! When we had company over they were often disappointed that coffee was n't an option . This coffee maker has been a lifesaver -LRB- and money-saver -RRB- over this past Holiday season . The coffee is very easy to make , takes no time to brew , and when I asked about the flavor , reactions were quite positive . The Hazelnut was especially a hit . It 's also light and fairly small so I can store it in a cupboard when it 's not in use.I gave this 4 stars rather than 5 only because I 'm not a coffee drinker and have nothing else to compare it to .
 I just came on to order this as a gift for someone . I 've had mine for about two and a half years and still thinks it 's the best thing out there . I went to upgrade and looked at some of the $ 200 + models and didnt ' t find one I liked more ...
 Ordered the product on monday , received it on Tuesday night -LRB- YEA Amazon Prime -RRB- To my surprise I did not get 90 pods of hazelnut ; instead it was a good variety of different blends -LRB- Dark , Light , Decaf , Hazelnut -RRB- I was able to brew my first cup in under 5min , from unpacking it , cleaning it , reading the instruction -LRB- a little -RRB- and brewing.I decided to go for the Dark and brew 8 oz , and to my surprise it actually looked like coffee , nice and dark , and not like tea :-RRB- and it looked to be about 8oz of liquid.And it tasted good too . At this price I would say it was a great deal -LRB- I actually ordered 2 -RRB- . And after hunting around for prices for pods I would say that it would be cheaper to just order this combo again instead of buying the pods separately , you can always put one on your desk at work or in the bedroom : -RRB-
 I bought this because of the great bargain that Amazon offered . 90 free pods !!! Basically makes the coffeemaker `` free . '' Easy to use . Quick to heat up . And , wanted to add that you CAN fill the reservoir without removing it . The lid actually has a small inverted `` spout '' that allows you to refill with the lid closed . Just wipe it off first so no dust that may have collected enters the reservoir.Good machine . Great price !! Happy camper here !
 1 . Makes a very good cup of coffee , much better than the Gevalia that I have had for 6 months .2 . The rest of the review is some picky things that you should think about . The water reseivor needs to be removed to fill . You cant just flip the lid which is a bit of a pain . The pod sort of has to be stuffed in for the lid to close . Not a big deal just a bit odd . Other than those minor issues the remaining part of the process is common with all pod makers . Drip when cup is removed , pod disposal , etc.Bottom line is this makes a very good cup of coffee and uses a wide variety of pods from all the major brands . Makes sense to buy it if its on sale .
 This single shot coffee machine is marketed as `` Juan Valdez '' system but it 's actually a relabeled Melitta ONE . The pods that fit are of course the `` Juan Valdez '' but can also be Melitta but you 'll find -LRB- a -RRB- they are difficult to find on grocery shelves and -LRB- b -RRB- not all that good . Senseo pods -LRB- Senseo PhillipsSenseo Medium Roast Podsalso fit if you tuck them in well but the double pods -LRB- latte -RRB- wo n't fit in the holder . Senseo pods are widely available in most groceries and that 's what I use . They have several flavors -LRB- Sumatra , Medium , Dark , Decaf and a very acceptable Parisian with vanilla flavor . -RRB- If you do n't tuck any of these pods in JUST so , water will leak around the filter and down into your cup . Not only that , the large cup button -LRB- on the right -RRB- is rather weak coffee . I use the 6 oz Euro cup setting on the left for a stronger brew . The reservoir is also rather small , to create a nice narrow footprint , so after a few cups you will have to refill the translucent vessel in the back . The machine heats up , blinks while the the element heats , and then goes solid red . You press either left -LRB- small -RRB- or right -LRB- tall -RRB- and the coffee fills into your mug beneath . If the water is too low , the light blinks rapidly . Very easy to use . Cleanup is simply dumping the damp filter out and washing out the filter sieve , if you like . This fits in a compact office space .
 After reading other reviews on pod coffee makers , I was skeptical . To my surprise this product is great . It makes delicious strong coffee . The first day or so there was a little dripping . But I find that as long as the pod fits snuggly before you brew there will be no dripping . I love it .
 I picked up a Juan Valdez coffee pod at an estate sale for a dollar . I had never seen a `` pod '' coffee maker before , so naturally I did not know that you were supposed to use the little prepackaged coffee , and just toss away . I used it just like I used the expresso machine . Just fill the little cup with fresh ground coffee . It makes an Awesome cup of coffee too ! Now that I know you are supposed to use special little inserts filled with the ground coffee , I am wondering if I will damage the maker using it this way . I prefer 1 brand of beans , and they do n't offer pods ... though I do n't think I would use them anyway , after reading reviews say the coffee is n't as good as from the drip maker , because mine makes it 10 times better tasting than the drip maker .
 I purchased my JV pod coffee maker about 6 months ago . I had read all the reviews but I decided to go with it despite the poor reviews . It was going to be our secondary pot for that cup I wanted when I did n't want to make a whole pot . It lived up to my expectations . We 're using it but it 's not the best one out there . My coffee mugs are MUCH larger than the mugs that JV measures for water size . You have to run a large mug and a cup size measurement -LRB- waiting for the water to heat up in between -RRB- or sometimes 2 small cups to fill one mug . Then if I happen to want to make 2 flavored coffees , the water reservoir barely holds enough for two mugs . I may have to refill it to finish the 2nd mug.I have found several flavored coffee pods that work but I 've also purchased Senesco pods that do n't fit because they have a hard , plastic base to make the cappuchino effect . It 's trial and error.All in all , the JV coffee maker serves it 's purpose . I went cheap when I purchased my pod coffee machine . I should have spent more money upfront on a better machine and I 'd be happier now . : -LRB-
 I bought the Juan Valdez coffee maker during a Woot Off - for $ 12.99 -LRB- no `` free '' pods included -RRB- . For that price , it 's a great coffee maker . The instructions are very clear , and the coffee maker is easy to use . The only pods I 've bought are from Senseo - they fit well and work great .
 Works well . 5 boxes of free pods ! For the price a great deal!Only con is it looks kinda cheap !
 This pot can be used for so many things . Soups , stews , I even fry chicken in it . I have always wanted a pot this size , and I am glad I finnally broke down and purchased this one .
 We purchased the 12 quart soup pot for an aunt in TX we call the soup lady . She makes soup every week for many elderly people and then delivers it to them . This is her labor of love . She needed a larger stock pot and after researching many sites we settled on the one on Amazon . We were happy with the quality of the item , the see through glass cover and the prompt delivery of it to her in TX . The only complaint I had was there was no place to enter Gift info or a brief message to be included on the package - she was n't sure who it was from when it was received . That would be my only direction to the company that provided it - to work it out so there is some way people can gift the item and have a 1 line greeting or expression included . Many thanks for your prompt delivery of a good product .
 Very large capacity but not a long lasting material . The handles DO get hot , not as it says on the product description !
 Nothing special , but it does the job for the Powell Princess Rebecca Canopy Bed . Oh yea , the frame took a little tweaking to connect which caused some frustration .
 This item was as advertised . It was simple to put together and has nice adjustable foot supports in all 4 corners . If I needed another bed frame I would purchase another one of these .
 The dealer has sent the item to a wrong shipping address.Was very hard to comunicate . Did not pay attention to what I asked even on the replacement shipping .
 I remember getting these mini song books when I was small in my Christmas stocking . I was pleased to be able to find them on this site and was able to share that cherished memory with my child this past Christmas . These books are well-made and beautifully crafted .
 This is the best chair I have ever sat in . I can actually lean back and rest for a 10 or 15 minute nap in a posture perfect position
 Got it a couple of months ago and its done wonders for my back . It 's a bit pricey , but this is a chair that will last you a long time !
 I got this for home and after sitting in it for a week now I really want one at work also . Very comfortable and all the knobs for raising and lowering the chair are in perfect spots . Being 6 ' 2 &#34; and 160 pounds the medium was the perfect size -LRB- the height lever goes up higher than even I need it -RRB- . The chair pretty much adjusts for anything . After a bit of sitting in it I found myself tweaking with it till it was just perfect .
 Alright -- so let 's start with a few things.Price - The price is high , but if you sit down for more than 5 hours a day -- I 'd recommend one . To my fellow Gaming PC builders -- why spend 2k on a high end rig and then 100 bucks on a chair ? Invest in a good chair.Actually Buying It - Originally went to DWR and sat down in a bunch of these chairs to get a feel for em . DWR helped me out by letting me test em so I decided to order through them . It would take 3-4 weeks for me to get my chair -- are you serious ? Nevertheless I still went with them -- but after they missed a shipping deadline which would have delayed my order more -- I cancelled my order as it had n't shipped . Ordered it on Amazon and had it within 2 days.Comfort - Already plenty of reviews explaining how to sit and use it -- but here 's my take -- the chair itself -- I ca n't even tell it 's working . I used to have backpain with my older chairs and they are a thing of the past . The arm rests are good enough to where they do n't wear down and hurt my elbows . My one complaint is that when sitting indian style , the hard plastic material to the front of the chair hurts my feet . Other than that -- it 's a solid chair . I 'm studying for my MCAT right now and sit for 8-10 hours a day and feel no back pain.Cheers !
 It was a gift long awaited by my husband and was a total surprise for him . He loves the chair and ca n't believe he waited to receive it as a gift as it is so comfortable . He says he did n't realize how bad his posture while sitting at his desk was until this chair . I opted for the adjustable chair with lumbar pad and both options are worth the extra cost .
 The title says it all . My second one -LRB- one for home and one for work -RRB- . They do n't come any better than the Aeron .
 I recently started working at home full time and my old computer chair I purchased in the late 90 's was absolutely killing my back . It got to the point I could n't even walk without a limp at the end of the day . Considering I would be sitting down for 8-10 hours a day I thought this chair would be a good investment and it sure does look good.I know most of the price is the brand name , but I really could n't find any suitable alternative . I looked at some of the chairs at office depot , staples , etc and they just looked cheap.I 'm happy to say that I feel no discomfort in sitting in the chair all day and I 'm very happy with my purchase . If you have the money , go for it .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 I ca n't say enough about this chair . It arrived very quickly and was almost completely assembled . The chair is easily adjustable to many different configurations . In fact , it has so many adjustments that I find myself continually fiddling with it . It is really a comfortable chair that you may spend many hours in without feeling discomfort.I would strongly recommend this chair for anyone .
 Yes , it is expensive but is n't your back worth it ? Do youlive in your office chair , then you need to consider an upgrade . My husband threw away his big , leather executive chair and is very happy with this one . I bought the one with the adjustable back support / lumbar pad because I read it was better .
 I am fortunate enough to work from home , and I have tried a variety of chairs . This one blows them all away , and I 'm only left to wonder why I waited so long . I bought mine from Amazon Warehouse , a refurbished chair . There was a small mark/scratch on the left arm rest , but other than that , the chair looked and smelled new . It came in two pieces , with 4-6 bolts and a hex key . No instructions were included at all , perhaps this is because it was n't a brand new chair . I did n't have any issues , though , and had the chair assembled in about 15 minutes.I did download the adjustment instructions directly from the Herman Miller website , although before I did that , I played around and found a comfortable adjustment . I did look over the instructions just in case I was missing anything.The chair is so comfortable ! My favorite part is when you go to stand , the chair helps lift you out and stays in an upright position until you sit down . So if you walked in and looked at the chair , you 'd think it might be uncomfortably rigid , as it sits upright more than you 'd imagine . But once you sit down , it yields and is far superior to any other office chair -LRB- at least that I 've ever used/owned . -RRB- It is very easy to adjust , very easy to assemble , and is extremely comfortable . The only downside is the price , but everyone looking at a Herman Miller chair knows about its price going in.I would highly recommend this chair !
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistant pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 I use this chair all day long and I am never uncomfortable . The cats sharpen their claws on it and there is no evidence of it , amazing ! From other reviews , it sounds like you need to buy the right size chair , otherwise you might be uncomfortable with it . The center post does hit the carpeting , so if you want to move the chair , you need to stand up . I am used to it after 10 years!I needed a second office chair and I should have bought another one of these , but instead I wasted money on ones that fell apart with the cats ripping up the upholstry .
 There may be cheaper chairs that are made with the same quality and standards as this chair , but I tend to believe that you get what you pay for . I 've had this chair for a couple of weeks now , and I am more than satisfied with it
 I bought this chair 10 years ago for my home office after sitting in one while visiting our head office . Nothing but the best for them but they did not care if we were sitting on apple crates at work ... ahh , but I digress.The chair has proven to be reliable and worthy of the price . Over the years one arm has snapped off from putting too much weight on it , but both times these were fixed under warranty by mailing a new arm.You will have to remember to dust the underside of the chair with some regularity - the open fabric does tend to let dust fall through - maybe it is the cheese grater effect with clothes moving around on the surface with the inevitable dust particles falling through.If mine were to die I would immediately buy another .
 I started working from home three months ago and quickly realized my old hand-me-down Ikea chair did n't cut it anymore . I begun having weird aches and pains , something I have n't experienced before , and they were all because of lack of ergonomics and support from my chair.I had used an Aeron chair before and knew it was good . I briefly considered buying a chair from Staples , but realized for half the price of an Aeron , I would probably get a chair that had quarter of Aeron 's lifespan.Once I had decided to invest top dollar in a chair , the only decision left to make was whether I would go for the entry-level model with fixed arm rests and no lumbar support or invest a little more to get the adjustable model . I 'm glad I decided to spend the extra 170 ; the extra adjustability can be the difference between you being a happy Aeron owner -LRB- like me -RRB- or thinking that you made a huge mistake , just because the factory settings do n't fit you.Even if you 've used the bottom-of-the-line model and it suits your body , I would still suggest going for the adjustable one ; your body is very likely to change and you might get aches in the 12 years the chair has a warranty for .
 I use one of these at work -LRB- this model exactly . -RRB- I definitely know when my weekend is over because of my lower back pain . I actually look forward to returning to work to sit in this chair!It is very adjustable and with that in mind , you need to adjust the chair properly to your shape . Your legs should be evenly supported between your buttocks and your mid thigh . This is done primarily with the seat height adjustment or a foot rest if you are too short.I can sit for my entire 8 hour shift without back trouble and I am able to stand up from the chair without pain . More than I can say for any other chair . Another advantage of the chair is the mesh surfaces . You do n't get `` Hot spots '' or sweat in this chair . If I was to have to return to another chair at work , I would throw a fit!The only trouble is that my wife wants to get one for the house . And I know that means we will have to get 2 of them . -LRB- ouch ! $ ! $ -RRB- To confirm another review , there is precious little clearance between the center post and the floor . This appears to be due to the range of height available , but will be trouble on padded carpet -LRB- even with a roller mat . -RRB-
 This chair is unbelievable ! I was reluctant to spend this amount of money on an office chair . But after considering that I sit in my office close to 8 hours a day , I started thinking about it as an investment similar to a mattress -LRB- which I probably spend the same amount of time on nightly -RRB- . I have chronic back pain from sitting in the wrong chair for years and this chair has relieved it ! It is not only comfortable but forces you to sit in an upright position with it 's fantastic support . It is the most comfortable seat in my house.This chair is priceless !
 I have two work areas out home . The `` office '' where I work my professional work and the iMac work area in our kitchen . Expensive is a relative term . My wife works in her `` office '' and after giving her one of my Aeron chairs to try , she said `` I want one '' . This is from a person who said `` I will never spend that kind of money for a chair '' . She has spent it - 3 crap chairs from OfficeMax . If you work at home it is a business expense . Save your money until you can afford one . Then learn how the chair works and adjust it properly . You wont be able to use another chair .
 The Herman Miller Aeron chair may be pricier than other office chairs , but consider it a worthwhile investment in your health and daily comfort.The chair can be adjusted many ways -LRB- height , seat tilt , lumbar support , arm height and arm in/out position -RRB- , so that it can adapt to your work space and your work style . Although the seat is made of a mesh material , it offers firm support and withstands daily use without showing wear.I 've been fortunate to use these chairs since 2007 . They include a 12 year warranty , but they are so well made , that I doubt I 'll ever need that warranty.It 's the best office chair I 've ever used . Highly recommended !
 You wo n't want to sit in any other chair after this one . My husband insisted on buying this chair because he has to work long hours behind the computer . I argued that a chair is a chair and surely it does n't need to cost so much to get the job done . I mean , there are $ 200 chairs out there that are really nice , right ? WRONG . This chair is amazing . The mesh style seating and back are so comfortable that no matter how long or how often i sit in the chair , I do n't need to `` readjust '' myself and nowhere on my body feels like it 's getting that pressure on a specific spot feeling . everything adjusts easily . Basically now I want one of these for MY desk .
 I use the chair part time in my home office . The chair is a great quality product . It has many adjustments to set it up for proper ergonomics while working . I purchased one for my wife as well at the same time and we are both extremely pleased with the support and the comfort of the chair . The overall construction of the chair is excellent -LRB- cast aluminum base & some type of polymer for the seat -RRB- so I do n't think I 'll be purchasing another chair anytime soon . I agree with some reviewers that they are a bit expensive -LRB- especially when buying 2 -RRB- but I believe they 're still a great value .
 Back in the late 90 's to early 2000 I was suffering from severe back pain . I was unable to sit for long , meaning even a few minutes in pretty much any type of chair . I was using all sorts of back pillows to try to get comfortable . What was I doing with all of these pillows ; I was trying to create a way to sit without having pain and a way to sit properly . Then I discovered the Herman Miller Aeron chair ; this is the most comfortable chair in the world as far as I am concerned . I felt like I was sitting on air , no pressure on my tailbone , proper lumbar support , and the ability to sit for hours without increasing my pain level . In July ` 2000 , my employer bought one for my office in the city and I bought one for my office at home soon afterwards . Beware of imitators , they do not come close , this chair is worth every penny !
 I would have to say that this chair is a very comfortable chair indeed . Here 's the deal . Everyone complains that the Aeron makes there legs fall asleep . Do you want the answer on how to make it so your legs do n't fall asleep . Here it is . Remove the foam crescent under the seat . Look under the seat there is a foam crescent that is between the bar in the front and the mesh , Pull it out . Yes you can reinsert it if you want . But removing it makes the seat so much more comfortable . How did I find this info out of removing the crescent ? Go to this link . -LSB- ... -RSB- He explains his whole story about his legs falling asleep and how he corrected the problem !
 I recently purchased `` Aeron Chair - Highly Adjustable Graphite Frame - Nickel Classic -LRB- Medium -RRB- by Herman Miller '' from Amazon.com . The chair feels great sitting on it , because the company , I work for , is using it also . Everybody likes it.But I am concerned by the Safety label about `` Urethane Foam '' comes with the chair -LRB- The label contents are attached at the end . -RRB- . To be honest , as a consumer , it is very hard for me to fully understand the impact of Urethane Foam used in the chair , and the implication of the label required by the law.I spent some time searching the related issues , over the internet and talking to friends , and I still could not put my mind in peace . How toxic is the `` Urethane Foam '' and in what way ? As consumers , how should we choose to either take it or reject it?Then I wrote an email to Herman Miller . I got a reply from a Manager in Design for the Environment at hermanmiller.com : -LRB- Some misspelling corrected -RRB- `` I can certainly understand your concern around exposing to potentially toxic chemicals . At Herman Miller , we share your concern and we have created our Design for the Environment protocol to ensure that our products are designed to be as safe as possible for people and the environment . Regarding your questions about the urethane foam , there are potential exposures during the manufacturing process . However , once the foam is fully cured and assembled into our products , the potential for chemical emissions is almost zero . In order to confirm this , our major product lines are certified as low-emitting products by the GreenGuard Institute . You can find information about our Design for the Environment program on our website hermanmiller.com . Additionally , you can find our air quality certificates at greenguard.org . `` I then found the entry for `` Herman Miller Asia / Aeron '' at greenguard.org.Is anybody concerned about this issue as me ? Please share your view and understanding.Here is the attachment of the safety label with the chair : NOT TO BE REMOVED UNTIL DELIVER ED -LRB- amazon reject it if I put all 9 char together -RRB- TO THE CONSUMERThis article contains NEW MATERIAL ONLYThis label is affixed in compliance with the Upholstered and Stuffed Articales ActMade byOnt . Reg . No. 98F0218ONTARIOContent : Urethane FoamFederal requirementOuter CoveringUNDER PENALTY OF LAW THIS TAG IS NOT TO BE REMOVED EXCEPT BY THE CONSUMERALL NEW MATERIAL CONSISTING OF URETHANE FOAMREG . NO .
 After hearing about these chairs from my dotcom days I have to admit I have always had an interest in these chairs . I did not consider buying one until my aging back demanded one while in grad school . Three years later and I have no regrets . This chair was the single best investment I have made in my adult life . I would recommend the lumbar with all the adjustable options as this gives me the best lumbar and joint support possible . I find the pellicle mesh to be excellent in maintaining circulation and the overall durability of the chair to be excellent.I believe that a lot of the negative reviews here and on other sites are from people who do not understand basic human ergonomics . When sitting in a chair , your thighs should be parallel to the ground and your feet should be completely flat/relaxed . A lot of the time , people raise their chair too high to accomodate a desk/computer station that is simply too high , therefore suspending their legs and cutting off leg circulation . If your desk is too high , then you should either consider trading in for a lower desk or a keyboard tray that is height adjustable . Another option is to use a foot stool that allows for the aforementioned leg position . Your arms should be relaxed at your side with the elbows bent at 90 degrees . Your forearms should be parallel or your hands slightly lower than your elbows to the ground . The center of your computer monitor should be level with your eyes or slightly lower . With this seated position , I can almost guarantee for the majority of people out there , this Aeron chair will serve them well .
 I finally bit the bullet and got one of the Herman Miller Aeron chairs a couple months ago . I 'm very happy I did.I had been in and out of a few standard office chairs , from the cheap to the expensive -LRB- $ 200 ` ish -RRB- . None really met my needs fully , and I spend a lot of time at my computer working on imaging , video editing , gaming , etc. . My basic office chairs ranged from wobbly to solid but unadjustable . My latest chair was an expensive leather executive type chair I bought from a local office supply store . It felt great in the store , but the lack of practically any adjustment took its toll over time . I could not adjust the back , and the seat had a bucket depth to it . When I gamed or worked on image editing , I would sit on the very edge of the chair . This would make me end up slouching , which then made me not breathe properly . My shoulders and back would get sharp pains in them after a bit of time . Baiscally if I sat back and watched a movie , I was fine and it was comfortable . However , when I played or did work , it was a nightmare.So how would a $ 800-900 chair work for me , and could it be so much better than the $ 200 leather executive chair I was using ? Was it worth the money ? In a word , yes . I had purchased the Aeron size B with the lumbar cushion.The Aeron was solid as a rock . It had the perfect weight , the perfect mix of materials , and was fully adjustable . I could sit perfectly upright without slouching , due to the lumbar support . Most importantly , the forward tilt of the chair , which is rare even among ergo chairs , was ultimately what sealed the deal . With the forward tilt combined with the lumbar cushion , I could be leaning slightly forward WITHOUT having to sit on the edge of the chair . I could be very engaged with my editing or gaming , and not have to always think about or remind myself to sit with proper posture , since the chair did it for me . I went from aching shoulders and back , to a very comfortable computing experience , without any fatigue to my back , shoulders , or syatic nerves.Now about myself specifically , and a warning to others looking at the Aeron . I got the size B chair , which is the middle size between the small A -LRB- which few but the most petite would fit -RRB- and the large C -LRB- which is great for larger folk -RRB- . I also went with the Lumbar over the Posturefit . I would make sure that anyone who gets one of these takes the time to get properly fitted for it . I 'm told that many people who might be best in a size B get the size C due to the fact that it is a bit more roomy . However , for me the larger C chair 's bench pushed right up to the back of my knees when I sat properly in the chair . I knew that this would , over time , cause problems with my legs . Do n't buy the chair you think you will `` grow '' into . Buy the chair that properly fits you now.I also looked at the Posturefit chairs , but quickly discounted them . With the way I sat in the chair , the Posturefit supported my butt , not my back . The Posturefit is not adjustable up or down , so the Lumbar chair was the only option for me . If the Posturefit supports you properly , all the more power to you . However , I preferred the adjustability of the Lumbar . Plus , the larger side of the lumbar cushion gives VERY strong support for people who like that forward tilt , engaged type posture that I like . Best of all , I can easily set the forward tilt limiter back a bit , and easily sit back and watch movies in full comfort.This chair is the best of all worlds for me . When I get home , I find myself still using the computer for a good amount of time . I figured since I 'm in a computer chair so darn much , $ 850 was really a bargain for the comfort it provided me over cheaper chairs.One final thought , I also compared this chair directly with the Herman Miller Mirra before purchasing the Aeron B. I had actually walked into the store intent on buying a Mirra , after reading many reviews . Yet , I knew the smart thing was to try both , sit in each for a good amount of time , and make my own decision . I 'm glad I did , because I found the Mirra a bit too light , without the very solid feel of the Aeron . I also did n't like the bench length adjustment of the Mirra , and the Mirra does n't have the forward tilt option that the Aeron has.Again , though , that 's not to say that a Mirra wo n't work for you . My advice , try the chairs directly . Sit in one for 15 min or 30 min at a store ... then give that store your business unless the price is just grossly different than what you can find online . I actually got my Aeron at the 2nd store I demo 'd it in ... because the first store did n't actually sell them on-site , and I would not only have had to pay local tax , but also a fairly steep shipping fee . Made no sense to me , who spends my time going to thier showroom to try the chair ... etc. . But I digress.Try the chair . If you like the Aeron , make sure you get the size -LRB- A , B , C -RRB- that properly fits your frame . If you do , you will certainly feel the difference , and you will be hooked .
 I got the PostureFit Aeron chair C size for my office from Amazon , wrote a review on that one too and one can see my verified purchase . I soon got a second one.The difference between this one , the adjustable frame and the PostureFit is that the PostureFit is adjustable in-and-out , giving you more or less total lumbar support . And it costs a little more and the assembly of that mechanism is only a little more difficult . This one adjusts up and down , giving the same amount of lumbar support only you get to decide where it hits your back . PostureFit does n't adjust up and down . There 's a tradeoff but PostureFit costs a little more.At first it was difficult to conceive spending this much on an office chair but after searching for the best price , considering also shipping and taxes , I made the mental adjustment . The more time goes by , the better I feel about the purchase . If you spend a lot of time sitting , you 've got to think about long term back health , and this chair has a very decent 12-year warranty -LRB- let 's hope the company stays in business -RRB- . The first thing you should do if you are prepared to buy this chair is go to a store and sit on the different sizes to be sure of your size . The B and C sizes cost the same right now both on Amazon and at most stores . I got the C because the B cuts off much shorter at the legs , the thighs , and B was too short for me by a good margin although I 'm not especially tall . The B size cuts off shorter than those standard cheap office chairs you normally see , just to put it into perspective . At the same time , the C is quite wide - surprisingly so . I did n't need the wideness of the C but I needed the length of the seat so as not to cut off short for the legs . One can adjust the arms inward , among other arm adjustments , to compensate against the wideness of the C . If you are relatively short , the B size should work well . If you get a quote at the store and include taxes , I 'm pretty confident it wo n't be competitive with this price even if you use a floor model price.Assembly for this chair is pretty easy . It might take 25 minutes , more or less if it 's your first time and you 're using the instructions.The warranty is an important part of this purchase . I 've talked with people that vouched for the fact that a service technician will come to your home or office to repair this chair as you go for a whole 12 years . Things happen that may cause you to get service . The mesh may tear and need replacement . A common thing , the guy in the store told me , is that the up-down mechanism may need to be fixed , and that is supposed to be an easy thing for the technician to fix . These chairs are designed to handle the weight of up to a 250 pound person . If you 're heavier than that , you may need to get the above-mentioned part fixed but the warranty will cover it.Finally , after covering decision points and information points , the chair feels good to sit on . It 's the best I 've ever experienced . I believe my productivity will go up as a result , and it 's just a shame more employers do n't pay for them considering that it is really a good investment in getting more out of an employee . I unfortunately had to pay for my Aeron myself . I love the chair and used my own money to get it for work as those cheap chairs we have are n't good for the back.Herman Miller , maker of this chair , also sells accessories such as different types of castors for different types of floor surfaces . I 've had a lot of compliments on my chair , especially from others that have been sitting on it .
 I had the same problem mentioned by other reviewers -- my Aeron cut off circulation to my legs . The pinch was severe enough to create a good imitation of Restless Legs Syndrome . I have achieved some relief by lowering the chair so my feet rest flat on the floor , and by adjusting the forward tilt so the seat does n't press so hard against the back of my thighs . The manufacturer 's adjustment instructions only touch on what the user initially finds comfortable ; advice on troubleshooting problems that arise after hours in the chair would be welcome .
 I bought this chair just when it came out , and it was n't easy . I selected it because it was adjustable at all the critical points , and more , and incorporated many of the best features of other chairs . More unique for an office chair was the mesh support , rather than cotton or leather . It allows your skin to breathe , sitting on chairs for long durations . It was sold through a tiny number of dealers , it had no reputation yet , and it was one of the most expensive chairs in the market . It was not sold to consumers but only to businesses , and only via a purchase order through company accounts , no credit cards.Over 15 years later , does it live up to its hype?Yes , I have no joint , back or wrist issues sitting on this chair over 15 years of use . I use this chair at home , and use ordinary chairs at work -LSB- justifying a $ 900 chair would be impossible -RSB- , and I can not sit for as long without shifting my weight , standing up , stretching , rotating my wrist , etc. , whereas on the Aeron , I can sit for many hours . The longest I sat was over 8 hours , coordinating e-messages during a serious accident.The mesh backing keeps my back and bottom cool ; a standard leather or cotton filled insulator picks up and retains body heat , and it gets most annoying during the summer . In the winter , the seat does not become cold either.I do n't think it can be proven that this chair will save your back or other injuries , but it is established poor posture are key contributors to RSD and other ailments . Any device that can be adjusted to exact positions for height and support will eliminate posture related ailments , and this chair indirectly proves it can reduce injury , QED.The synthetic material used makes it very easy to clean , and 15 year later , the chair looks as new as the day I bought it . The controls , springs , and mechanical parts are in like-new working order , compared to the knobs , rust , or fatigue I get in the $ 200 or under type chairs . Spilling liquids on this chair is a snap to clean , just wipe , not so easy on a cotton chair or a leather chair that has n't been waxed.I would buy this chair again in a heart beat . A doctors bill to treat pain or RSD , not counting the suffering until healed , will easily cost more than this chair . A word of caution , if the chair is n't adjusted optimally or sized properly , the potential of this chair will not be realized
 These chairs set the standard by which all others are judged . They combine outstanding build quality and comfort with a timeless design that is sure to impress clients or guests . They are also extremely comfortable . Like a mattress , a good chair is extremely important to your comfort and health . Buy the best chair you can afford , you will not regret it ... especially if you 're behind your computer 8 hours a day.The previous reviewer noted that the chair seat does not slide in and out . While this is true , it hardy detracts from the comfort of the chair ... and I have n't seen another office chair with this feature . Just make sure you buy the right size . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and have been working on my `` C '' chair for two years . Buy with confidence .
 At my last job I had an Aeron chair . After leaving that job after 6 years and setting up a home office , the first thing I did was buy an Aeron chair . It 's insanely comfortable , adjustable , and sturdy . There is hardly any plastic on the chair -LRB- except for the edging , netting and arm rests -RRB- . I am really hard on my chairs
 I just bought this chair from a retailer . My concern was that I would not be able to choose the right size . I did know that I wanted the one with the adjustable lower back support . I walked in to the store and all the sales reps put me in a B. I sat in both the A and the B but had adjusted the lumbar support while sitting in them so we choose the B. I took it home and it made no improvements in my back or leg pain . I have degenerative disc disease L5 S1 . I 'm 5 3 1/2 and weight 123 pounds . I realized that I was using the lower back support to scoot myself forward in the seat . I called the store and the manager of the store stated that when choosing the size you should be able to sit in it without the extra lumbar support to decide which one is best for you . We agreed that I should be in an A so that when I use the lower back support it will be actually supporting my back not helping me scoot forward in the chair to adjust for it being too big . So ... do not insert or adjust the lower back support when attempting to decide on the size . I will be returning my B for an A this weekend . If you look at the chart on line you will notice that I 'm in between sizes but let me tell you that the sit part is really long for me now that I 'm not using the lumbar support which I will use to support my lower back . Aeron Chair - Posture Fit - Medium Size -LRB- B -RRB-
 After suffering from severe lower back pain , that could not be helped by my doctor after a number of visits , I took the advise of some friends and purchased a fully loaded Herman Miller Aeron and have been using it for two weeks . I no longer have lower back pain when I am sitting and working at my desk . I still have back pain when I finally go to bed , but it is not as severe and does not keep me awake like it did in the past . I am not particularly fond of the appearance , but then no one has designed a good looking wheelchair or a good looking walker either . I am very satisfied with this chair and probably spend approximately 40 hours a week sitting in it .
 I love the Westminster chimes . This clock has good quality sound , keeps good time , workmanship is excellent on both the wood detail and the face of the clock .
 This is a nice clock that looks much more expensive than it is . The volume control and two chime tones are good features .
 I have owned my set since 2004 -LRB- now 2010 -RRB- and use my DB 's every single day - -LRB- obviously the Chef and Paring get the most use -RRB- I could truly give a rat 's ass on the handle cracks , as that appears to be a standard occurrence with these pieces . This is the best set of knives I have ever had the good fortune to own . Period . Beautiful , well designed and perfectly balanced . When I take them to my local knife sharpener every two years for a true sharpening , all I get is gasps from the proprietors over the quality . As far a Chinese steel goes , this was properly sourced . Besides , it 's 2010 now , wait until 2025 when we are all speaking Mandarin , and the sourcing will be a positive . These are unavailable now , but I have huge accolades to Chef Boulud for clearly having a , `` hands on '' approach to their design .
 Worked really well for a year . The blades are thin and 12 knifes have pices missing along the edge . Hit a bone too hard and wiggle the knife and it breaks a small piece off . Stays sharp for a long time and after 3 years I am still using each one . The handles are cracking but these are for cutting .
 COOL DESIGN . I LIKE THE BLOCK BECAUSE IT 'S EASY TO CLEAN AND FITS PERFECTLY IN THE CORNER OF MY KITCHEN COUNTERSPACE .
 We had just remodeled our kitchen in a contempory style . When I saw this set I just had to have it even though I could not find any reviews of the quality . Well , after two years I can relate the knives are easy to handle and keep their edge well . It includes a knife sharpener and steel that I use to keep them sharp . My only complaint is there were no instructions on how best to use the sharpener and steel . I have had to learn by trial and error .
 I am a local New Yorker and have followed the success of Daniel Boulud over the last several years and what a guy . He has contributed so much to the New York , especially during the September 11th tragedy . His new cutlery and cookware line from Sabatier does not fall short of what I would expect from him . It is wonderfully designed and of the highest quality . I recently bought the 10 pc . cutlery set at Bloomingdales and I love it . My favorite piece is the dual sharpener and hoan . What a fantastic idea .
 I recently bought this set as a late graduation gift to my daughter . She absolutely loves it ! I wanted to buy her a gift that had value but also that she would n't be embarassed to display in her kitchen . It is beautiful . Thank you !
 We LOVE this mat !! My kids use it in their play/physical therapy area , and they love to roll around on it . It 's great for new walkers too ! AWESOME !!
 Looks great , feels even better.btw . Fits my queen size waterbed just fine .
 All in All ... Awesome looking stand ... very easy to put together ... my 40 inch samsung fits great ... biggest problem is hiding the wires through the pole at the back ... it works ... but way too much effort ... The black base and tempered glass get very dusty and needs constant maintenance/dusting . But if you care more about looks and are not too lazy -LRB- like me -RRB- ... its totally worth it !!
 This is a stunning ultra modern TV stand , with superior construction , which could use a little more details in the instructions . A few parts are unidentified -LRB- the four round things are black feet for the stand , in case you do n't like the platinum ones and the two curved pieces need to go around the stand BEFORE you mount your TV.You 'll never be able to hide all your plugs in the center column because most do n't fit through the narrow space allowed to go down the center of the stand.The glass color is not described , but it 's a smoky black and the TV sizes that are supported are weight related and not size related . I 'm so glad I called Amazon because they called the company and found out that my 55 '' 8000 series Samsung was `` perfect '' for this stand , even though the details limit size to 50 '' . My biggest problem is that the price of the stand changed in the five minutes I put it in my cart and tried to check out . The next day , it was the original price and the day after that , it was about $ 100 more . That 's never happened before.All that said , I love this stand and highly recommend it .
 Great stand , very sturdy easy to put together and looks fantastic with my new Samsung 52 in . Definitely would recommend it .
 Among TV stands , the Sanus is truly a class act.The tinted safety glass shelves are shaped in subtle curved rectangles to match the lacquered MDF base , and come in stylish gradations of size . Their brackets are solid and their positioning is highly customizable , easy to change and set at any height , and so able to accommodate the oddest sizes of hi-fi gear.The central metal post continues the theme of solidity and quality , heavy and strong and finished in a texture that would hide any accidental bumps and knocks.The TV brackets are very strong and secure , with multiple fixture points and an inventive hook system that again allows for easy change of position and flexible positioning.Like any mirror-smooth lacquer finish , the base might show signs of knocks and bumps -LRB- if you 're the odd sort who treats high-end gear that roughly -RRB- , but if you need to replace the base , or -LRB- as I did -RRB- want a third shelf , shelves and bases are very easy to mail-order from the manufacturer at a reasonable price.I had n't heard of Sanus before I bought this stand , but I would n't hesitate to recommend them to anyone .
 We purchased this Sanus TV stand over a year ago and we still get compliments on it ! Most people still do n't realize that stands like this are available -LRB- they always assume that you have to hang a flat-screen on the wall or get a low piece of furniture to stand it on -RRB- . I bought a different though similar stand locally and was completely unimpressed with the quality . I could n't tighten the mounting bolts on the shelf enough to hold our A/V components -LRB- the shelves leaned forward at about a 20-degree angle -RRB- . That unit was returned and we bought the Sanus here at Amazon.The Sanus is stand is well-built and very sturdy . I was concerned at first that the glass shelves would n't be strong enough . Our NAD T753 receiver weighs ~ 50 pounds and the shelf barely moved when I placed it there.The stand is very heavy ... make sure you have the delivery guy -LRB- s -RRB- put it in the room that you 're going to use it in . Overall , the stand is very easy to put together . One tricky part is getting the vertical spacing on the shelves correct from the standpoint of placing/removing/placing heavy components while you check clearances.The only downside to this stand that I could find was mentioned in other reviews
 I bought 2 units for a dealer show . One unit for a 37 '' and one unit for a 47 '' Philips HD LCD . The design allowed the stand to work well with both TV 's . Assembly was easy and many of my customers complimented the nice stand .
 Do yourself a favor and buy this stand . In my opinion this is the most perfect flat panel stand you can currently buy on the market . When it arrived it was extremely easy to put together and the overall quality of the assembled product matches it 's great looks . It effortlessly holds a Denon receiver , cable box , dvd and blu ray player , xbox 360 , center channel speaker , and a voltage regulator and looks fantastic while doing so ...
 SANUS SYSTEM Flat Panel TV Stand Platinum Furniture -LRB- Black -RRB- I 've had this for almost a year now and this TV Stand serves my 40 '' Samsung 1080p LCD 4095 TV well . I do n't think there were any complications putting this together -LRB- my wife and sister actually handled it while I was at class -RRB- . It looks really good with my TV which has a Shiny Bezel . I really wish it was higher and would love some suggestions to take it further off the ground , or an alternative shelf . I ca n't mount anything on that wall because of where the studs are placed.On this shelf , I have in addition to my TV , I have my PS3 , my Motorola FIOS TV STB , a Nintendo Gamecube , an Onkyo TX-SR605 audio receiver , and the center channel to my JBL SCS200 .5 5.1 Channel Surround Home Theater Speaker System : JBL SCS-200 .5 Home Theater Speaker System with SubwooferWould love to hear from others who have the same stand or any of the other products I have .
 This thing weighs a lot -LRB- which is good -- keeps my TV from falling over ! -RRB- and I love the clean look it has in my living room . Easy to assemble , too . One word of caution -- if you move it with a dolly on one end , make sure you put blankets or something between the base and the dolly . The material used on the base can mar and scratch with that much weight -LRB- found out the hard way , thanks to my movers -RRB- . I would buy this again .
 Nice , very satisfied , slick design , only thing is wire management through the Alumn . tower hard to get wires through do n't use your hand inside .
 This unit is absolutely fabulous ! It was easy to assemble . I love the wire management system.Most important of all the unit is sturdy and stunning to look at.The only negative I can think of is the smoke glass shelves and mirror black bottom shelve easily collects dust , but for looks and functionality on gets , it 's well worth a little extra dusting .
 I purchased the stand a few weeks ago . It is a nice looking and sturdy stand . I was going to hang the tv on the wall until I saw this stand . It has two shelves and the bottom stand which easily fits three video consoles , a dvd player , a cable box , and still has room . I searched the web and found the best price on Amazon.If you are looking for a nice flat panel tv stand , buy this one .
 Ordered this stand having seen a similar model in a store . I am very pleased with it . I assembled it on my own with no significant problem . Others have commented on the difficulty of hiding the cables which is true . overall the stand looks great , much better than a more traditional glass and chrome table stand that was used previously . Excellent quality . I liked the way the TV hangs on the supports . Good alternative to banging holes in the wall and then find you want to move the TV to somewhere else .
 Very solid construction . Stand is very easy to assemble.Perfect choice for those who do n't want to drill holes in wall .
 I bought this unit in 2008 ... Today I broke a glass shelf around 5pm I sent an email to sanus support ... I had a response from them at 530pm and now I have a new glass shelf on it 's way to me ... Who has customer service like this anymore ?
 This is a nice heavy tv stand if that is what you you are looking for . Once the tv is mounted to it do not plan to move it around -LRB- to clean behind , etc. -RRB- because of the weight . The glass shelves to tend to collect dust and show the finger prints .
 I purchased this stand for my 52 '' LCD -LRB- Philips 52PFL7403D/27 -RRB- . The stand is very nice and sturdy . But is a little pricey , paid $ 408 . It is very easy to install . While I was unboxing the stand . I notice the main base of the stand has a cosmetic defect . So I called Sanus and told them about it . Sanus was very nice about it and ask me to email them a photo . And they will send out another base for me . That 's what I call customer service . But hopefully they will send it after looking at the photo . But other then that it is a very nice stand .
 Very nice stand and if you purchase the extra shelf you have plenty of room for your HD units.I am very pleased with the stand .
 Like most people , I was excited to buy a plasma TV just because it is wall mountable . But realistically , I did n't want to drill huge holes in my wall , nor pay $ 500 for it to be professionally installed . And I soon came to realize that even if I did mount the TV on the wall , I would still need to have a tacky looking AV stand for all of my other components . This stand solved all of my problems ! It 's sturdy , looks great , is reasonably priced , and it 's easy to assemble.When the package arrived , the box was trashed badly from shipping . I 'm convinced that UPS was the one to re-tape the whole thing together because I found a box cutter inside the box . Though , to my surprise , because SANUS packaged the product so well -LRB- lots of styrofoam -RRB- , nothing was damaged . Inside the package is the base , the shelves , hardware needed to mount the TV including allen wrenches -LRB- all you need to supply is a monkey wrench and a phillips screwdriver -RRB- and an extra set of black feet for the stand -LRB- the base comes with silver feet attached -RRB- . The base is a glossy black , and the glass shelves are tinted.Putting this stand together was easier than anything I 've ever purchased from IKEA -LRB- takes no more than half an hour including unpacking the box -RRB- . Every bolt and screw is labeled , and the manual is detailed . It looks intimidating at first , but you only end up using half of the supplied bolts/washers/etc . I recommend mounting the TV before screwing the glass shelves into the post and hooking up components for ease of mobility . An extra hand is helpful , but I was able to mount a 42 '' plasma by myself.The mounting bracket and shelves are adjustable and can move vertically up and down the post , but must be done so by unscrewing the bolts that hold them in place . The TV can be tilted up and down , but not side to side -LRB- this can be done without unmounting the TV -RRB- . Just to give you an idea of how many components you can fit on the stand , I have a speaker on the top shelf , cable box and PS2 on the middle shelf , and receiver , TiVo , and DVD player on the base . I do n't have room for any more though.Considerations
 So I took a leap of faith and purchased this stand without seeing it in person . Let me tell you that the picture provided by Amazon does not do this justice . My orignal concerns were the shelves were too small and the stand too tall . Boy was I wrong . The shelves were ample in size . On the smaller top shelf alone I was able to place the Wii , PS3 , and Xbox 360 with HD-DVD drive -LRB- all vertically standing -RRB- . And place a dvd player and receiver on the bottom glass shelf . Word of warning re
 This is the perfect width stand for an 46 '' HDTV . It hangs it very secure and would also be good for 52 '' screens , although at 52 '' , the set will be noticeably wider than the stand.The glass shelves themselves are surprisingly strong tempered glass that can supposedly support up to 50lbs , though you probably would not to put a large size amp/receiver on it . However , it seems strong enough to support my large 25 lb center speaker , which thanks to the adjustable shelves , I am able to elevate it to only half an inch under my TV which is ideal for movie watching . I was worried at first that the center spkr might be too heavy but it has been sitting pretty on it for about 3 weeks now.I used the wider sized glass for the top shelf to accomdate my extra wide center spkr and my dvd player on the glass shelf below it . My receiver sits at the base of the stand and I will always rest easy knowing that the receiver has PLENTY of ventaliation thanks to the open design and adjustable height shelves.The pole itself is one solid piece of extruded alumimum that is thick and very well constructed . It is probably the strongest piece in the kit . The base also has reinforced metal framing underneath the MDF wood base , so there are no worries about either the base or pole failing . The only thing that is not impressive is the black finish of the base which is quite nice to look at and shiny , but you can tell that the layer of lacquer used is quite thin and could wear out over time or chip easily if you 're not careful . Also , due to the finish and the glass shelves , there will be visible dust buildup after a week or so.This project is mostly a 1 man project , but you will probably need 2 people when it comes time to mounting your bigscreen LCD or Plasma to the stand for anything 42 '' or bigger . Tools required will be a phillips screwdriver and wrench for the 6 large screws at the base where the pole sits . The rest of the screws all use allen wrenches which are provided.Also word of advice for the glass shelves . Try not to put anything heavy that is made out of metal or ceramic directly on the glass surface . While their structure is quite strong , tempered glass can easily shatter into thousands if pieces you knock it with something made of metal/cermamic . If you want to put anything that has metal or ceramic on it , then make sure it has rubber feet or something in between .
 I was looking for a way to mount my new 46 '' LCD without having to drill into the brick wall in our living room . At first , I was a bit wary of the price tag , but this item was cheaper than a wall installation . When it arrived , I was impressed the relative ease of assembly and the outstanding packaging . The instructions were clear and well written , and all of the items were clearly marked and labeled . All of the bolts , washers , etc came in individually sealed and labeled packets , which made it very easy to follow the instructions painlessly . I 'm a veteran of countless Ikea-type assembly projects , and the Sanus stand was 400 % better . I had one question during the installation and called Sanus ' toll-free hotline . I got right through to a support person who quickly helped me with a minor question I had . When finished , we were really happy with the final product . The TV looks great on the stand and the components store very well on the glass shelves . I highly recommend this product .
 I purchased this Sanus TV stand for my Toshiba 42HL196 LCD television . It fits most wall mountable flat panel TVs with the included hardware . The shelves and the TV mount can be moved up or down on the pole and then secured into place by tightening the hidden bolts . The TV mount its self can also pivot up or down allowing for the best possible viewing angle.The shelves are made of tempered glass and seem very strong . This unit is sturdy as it should be to hold a large TV securely . It is a great conversation piece and it compliments my flat panel TV quite nicely .
 The tv stand is excellant quality and better than described . The price was the best I could find anywhere . I am very pleased and I have had many complimants on the appearance of the system . The system was shipped very promptly and even thou it is quite heavy , it went together very easily .
 If this is the type of stand you need , buy it . I have pets so this was my best option.Couldn ' t believe the size of the box . Thought maybe a coffin was shipped by mistake . Do n't worry about possible broken pieces as this was the Best wrapped package I ever received . My fear was that if there were any problems with the product , I would never be able to repackage it . Almost had a coronary attack when the tube screws did n't fit the base until I reversed the tube -LRB- different size screws -RRB- . Putting the big tube on the sofa while you attach the base should be helpful . After tube is attached , it 's a breeze . Put a towel etc. around the base til the assembly is complete to avoid damage . When your finished you will have a great TV stand . My highest rating . Lawrence
 We are ecstatic with the purchase . No damage during shipping . The box did the job of protecting the stand with two small punctures on different sides . I assembled it myself . However , it took a little help by resting it on our hassock to attach the base to the stand . Our 42 '' plasma and electronic components looks great backed up against the wall . It helps to open up our living room with the T.V. and shelves extending outward from the stand . Plenty of room for our center channel speaker , cable box , vcr , dvd and stereo receiver . The only drawback is the four hard plastic feet . I affixed felt to the bottom to protect the hardwood floor .
 looks really nice though I didnt know it was going to be as wide as my 42 '' tv.Not that hard to put together.Love the fact that not cables are hanging around.Would like it to be a little higher ... gets really dusty
 I wanted something that looked nice but also allowed me to move my TV as I wanted without a big hassle and accommodate a DVD player and receiver . This fit the bill perfectly .
 This is a very durable TV stand for bigger Plasma TVs . We spent hours trying to find one to hold a 50 '' that was n't too ugly and mad out of pressboard . This TV stand was exactly what we were looking for and was not very expensive . Would highly recommend if you do n't need to have a lot of shelf space and want something to hide wires and is very durable .
 THIS ITEM IS WELL MADE.VERY STURDY EVEN THOUGH ITS EXPENSIVE . IT CAME WITH EVERYTHING INTACT.ASSEMBLY TOOK 20MINS
 This high quality stand is really nice . I installed my 50 '' panny plasma on this , looks awesome .
 Best price with described features . Loving it . Timely delivery . Very good design , comes woth back pole can tuck all the wires nicely . I bought initialy a wall mount for my 50 '' plasma , than I realize the need for a stand to put Home theatre and DVD/VCR player . So I returned the Wall mount and ordered the Sanus system stand to organize all in one stand .
 This TV stand is great . Bought it to hold up my Samsung LNT4061F 40 '' LCD HDTV . The overall design of the stand is great . The shelves are surprisingly strong . The packing was good , no problems with damaged parts . It 's very sturdy , weighs nearly twice what the TV weighs , so no concerns about falling over.I did have one issue with putting the pieces together
 very nice looking stand and very sturdy . i am not sorry that i bought it . looks great with my 46 inch samsung lcd . functions and looks great . only down side is the price but in my opinion worth it .
 We love the stand . It is sleek and looks great with our panasonic plasma . Our only complaint was the delivery was not what was promised by North Star . We paid for expedited shipping and it took from 9/30 to 10/11 to actually get it . We were still charged expedited . They gave us a small credit back due to complaint . If you say you can expedite then do it . If not then make this product regular shipping only . It cost us $ 100 more and we did n't receive the service we paid for !
 I 've been shopping around for a stand for my LCD flat panel TV that would looks nice and also hide all the wirings . This Sanus stand is what exactly what I was looking for , and it 's about 100 dollars cheaper than other websites , and the stand arrived within 3 days after I placed my order . After the setup , I 'm very happy with the results , I used a coat hanger to fish out all the wirings through the stand column , something I had to improvised to get the job done . I highly recommend this TV stand !!!
 I bought the stand to go with my Sony 40 '' KDL-40W4100 . It is a perfect fit for my tv , components and room size . The stand was easy to assemble , sturdy and made with quality material . Along with my tv , I have my playstation 3 on the first shelf , my directv reciever on the second shelf and my HTPC -LRB- Home Theater PC -RRB- and battery backup surge protector on the bottom shelf . They are all a perfect fit without looking cluttered . I would buy again .
 This stand looks great and works as stated . It took 2 men 1 hour to put together and hang my 50 '' Plasma TV . The TV weighs 100 lbs and it holds up very well and its sturdy too . If you need the extra shelf thats available you will need to order it with the stand . To add it later you will have to take the TV off and remove the shelves and start over with the additional shelf .
 A very good stand . It looks good , and is easy to put together . The only knock against it is that while it will easily hold all of you componets , it will not hide all of your wires . Still , I would not only recomend this stand , I would buy it again .
 The bottom shelf does not appear too cheap . It is piano glossy black which goes well with my Pioneer plasma tv bezel . Bottom shelf size is the same size of the width of my tv , so it looks very stable and firm . As others mentioned earlier , it was difficult to run cables through post . You can finish assembling it , but run cables before you connect tv and glass shelves . Looks beautiful .
 I bought this stand for my 46 '' LCD and it fits perfectly . The shelves are bigger than I thought they would be , which was a bonus and the stand itself is very sturdy . The only problem I had with the stand was that all my wires did not fit through the space that was provided . I only have a PS3 , cable box and DVD player . If you have alot of components and you want to hide all your wires , you may have problems with this stand . But overall , this stand looks great and is made with quality parts .
 nice stand ... caution check with sanus if it will fit your tv ... protron aka spectroniq will not fit any mount and they lie about it
 I bought this item for my 42 '' sony television and it was a wonderful buy .
 I decided to buy a Sony 46 '' LCD TV . Initially wanted to wall mount the TV but later changed my mind -LRB- do not wanted to make holes into walls -RRB- and started to look for a TV stand . Searched on WEB , read several reviews on different products and finally decided to buy SANUS SYSTEM Flat Panel TV Stand -LRB- Black -RRB- from Amazon -LRB- Amazon had the lowest price -RRB- . Product arrived in excellent condition . Assembly was easy . Just followed the instructions from manual that came with product . I could assemble the stand alone . Only time I needed help was to mount the TV onto the stand . Product is bit pricey but solid product and I am very happy with my purchase . It looks great in my living room and I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this item almost a year ago now , so I do n't remember the purchase price off hand , I believe it was in the area of $ 330 . I absolutely love this tv stand , I have a 42 '' samsung on there and it is very sturdy . I must say I was very concerned with the glass shelfs and the weight it can hold , the connection is consisted of 2 screws on the shelf and 2 additional ones on the body of the stand itself . I would highly recommend not overloading the weight on either one of the shelfs , but I can tell you I have a satellite receiver and a dvd player on 1 shelf and a laptop -LRB- ~ 8lb -RRB- on the other shelf , and they hold just fine . I prefer a more modern look , so I opted to purchase a tv stand instead of a entertainment center , also I avoided drilling holes in the walls and have the option to move the tv if I choose to . Overall , highly recommended .
 Went together easily with only minimal assistance from a second person to mount the post and hang the TV . The screws that connect the TV to the frame seem a bit short , but it seems very stable . Very easily configured to suit our needs , though I did need to pull out a level and tweak the mounts a bit to get the shelves aligned correctly.One downside , the shiny semi-reflective base shows my kids sticky little hand prints clearly ; bit of a cleaning nuisance . : -RRB-
 This is a great stand to buy . It 's appearance is amazing , with the one column holding everything up . The column has a secondary purpose of hiding the cables inside , which gives a neater layout . -LRB- Though it can be a little difficult to move the cables down the column -RRB- The whole thing is incredibly sturdy.Expect to take about 1 to 2 hours to put together .
 The pictures of this stand do n't do it justice . Black laquer base and 2 adjustable smoked glass shelves . The assembly is fairly straight forward and people with a little mechanical knowledge should n't have any problem with it . Please read the instructions before you begin . This stand that I paid $ 394.00 including shipping looks better than most $ 1000 units that I had looked at . I have mine acrossed the corner of the living room with my Panasonic 42 '' plasma mounted , my Directv reciever on the top shelf . My Pioneer DVR and LG DVD upconversion player on the second shelf . I have my surround sound bass and center speaker on the bottom . Have had nothing but great comments about my setup from neighbors and friends
 This stand is HIGH quality build . High quality instructions , looks awesome with my 42 inch plasma , and is a great price , compared to other similar stands . Very easy to put together and mount the TV , and adjust shelves . Highly recommended .
 The packaging and well thought out instructions made this assembly fun rather than stressful . Nice looking stand , very sturdy and the class shelves look nice . Have a 14m and can put one shelf in , high enof that she does n't climb on it.Running multiple cables in the column has proven chanllenging but they all fit .
 I have my 37 '' LCD TV in a fairly small living room so I considered wall mounting , however , after discovering the cost of wall mounts and intallation I looked for alternatives . This TV stand is wonderful . Easy to assemble and the TV mounts with ease . The unit is sleek and stylish . Looks great anywhere in the house . Shelves are adjustable and all cables are hidden inside the unit for a clean appearance . My only complaint is that the seller -LRB- Ritz Camera -RRB- did not give the shipper my contact info and I had trouble with recieving the shipment .
 Again great service from Amazon , the unit was well packaged and was received in prime condition . Fairly easy to put together , you do need an extra pair of hands at some points.Looks good , excellent quality , decent price and I can move it around if I want to .
 This stand is really elegant and beautiful . It is also pretty solid . It probably took about half an hour to put together and the instructions are very good . Every part is labeled so following the instructions is a piece of cake -LRB- no guessing which screw goes where -RRB- . Hiding the wires inside the column can be a bit tricky and some of the metal edges are sharp so be careful when doing that .
 I bought the stand for my 50 inch plasma on Jan 2 2007 . The stand is made of high quality material . It looks sleek and neat . Had no problems setting it up . The black base unti does collect a lot of dust as does anything that color . Running the wires through the pole in the back is time consuming and frustrating , but hey that 's the price we pay to hide all the cables and making it look neat . Overall , very satasfied with the product .
 I compared many stands before buying this one . I live close to a major earthquake fault , so who knows if anything would be strong or stable enough in the end . With that said it takes a lot of effort to move this an inch now that the 80lb TV and 35lb receiver are mounted on the 105lb stand . I have the extra shelf too , so with the center channel speaker and the DVD player and cable box I 've probably got somewhere near 250lbs sitting there and it is solid as a rock . This is especially good news for the center channel speaker and the TV , both of which work better when not vibrating.There 's a comment elsewhere that the finish is fragile and I 'm afraid that is exactly right , they should consider a tougher coating on the base , the ding where I dropped a bolt is under the receiver now , so it does n't make any difference , but I know it 's there and even my cheap coffee table would n't have been damaged by that.I noticed someone had trouble with delivery , I use Amazon Prime , so the box turned up on my doorstep two days after I ordered it . A bit scuffed but no real damage .
 I was a little worried when I bought this stand because I have a Phillips 47 '' LCD TV and I 've heard that Philips VESA mounts on the bigger TV 's need adaptors . My TV fit on the universal mount that came with the Sanus stand although the mounting brackets -LRB- vertical bars in the picture -RRB- are literally on the very edge of the universal cross mount -LRB- the large horizonal piece with the cirlcles in it in the picture -RRB- . It does hold my heavy TV nicely thanks to the supports that are built into the base and there is plenty of room for the cable box , DVD player and a reciever . The cables are a little tricky to run through the stand , especially if you have thick cables or are running a lot of components , but I managed to get them all in there.I have n't had any problems with the black coated base chipping or peeling but I was very careful with it after reading the previous reviews.Overall , it 's a great stand and worth the money .
 The TV stand looks great , very easy to assemble . Enough space to hold all the components and game consols as well.The bottom wood board is the only complaint . Very easy to dent it or scratch it which ruins the hi-tech glossy black look . Right out of the box , mine already had a small dent on the edge of the board . Then dropped a small nut on the board and bam , another dent . That was kind of frustrating.For $ 500 , was hoping this to be slightly more durable . Too heavy to be sending this back for exchange , just have to put something on top of the dents and cover it up.Despite this minor issue , this is still a great stand . Definitely one of the best looking mountable stands in the market .
 We love the stand . It is sleek and looks great with our panasonic plasma . Our only complaint was the delivery was not what was promised by North Star . We paid for expedited shipping and it took from 9/30 to 10/11 to actually get it . We were still charged expedited . They gave us a small credit back due to complaint . If you say you can expedite then do it . If not then make this product regular shipping only . It cost us $ 100 more and we did n't receive the service we paid for !
 Most of the big issues have been covered in prior reviews -1 -RRB- Well packaged - box arrived beat up , but components were in perfect condition due to great packaging .2 -RRB- Easy to assemble - wow , I wish all products had every piece wrapped and labeled like this -LRB- with such easy to follow instructions -RRB- . One man job except for putting the tv onto the mount .3 -RRB- Looks great.My gripes are :1 -RRB- Base is made out of wood ? I 'd look at the Omnimount G3FP which is cheaper , made out of better materials , all black , heavier load capacity , though only one shelf . I would have bought that had I known about it earlier . As others mentioned , be careful of damaging the base when assembling this sucker .2 -RRB- I wish it was all black and the column was n't the textured spackly silver .3 -RRB- Wire management is thin . If you have more than a power cable and hdmi cable running to the TV , you will have a hard time with this . I 'd recommend having a receiver manage all your inputs if possible here with a single hdmi output to the TV.Some things that were n't covered in other reviews :1 -RRB- I bought this stand for my 58 '' plasma which is over the recommended size . It does n't really matter since it is really the load that is important . The 128 lbs . TV is under the 130 lbs . rating for the TV weight , so it works fine . I was a bit scared by only two screws that keep the TV mount in place , but it seems to be working -LRB- just make sure you screw them in REALLY tight ! -RRB- . Someone mentioned an odd appearance with a wider TV than the base , but I think it looks absolutely fantastic .2 -RRB- When putting the TV mount screws in , make sure you use a level ! While it seems that you ca n't screw up putting in the two screws here , there is some wiggle room for tilting . It took me a while to get it perfect and this should definitely be noted in the instructions somewhere . The TV mount does n't have any protection from the TV sliding to the left or right , and only has two screws for preventing the TV from falling forward or back . The two glass shelves should also be installed with a level as they are prone to tilting to one side as well .
 Had to send the first one back , due to it overheating and melting on the heat plate . Kaz quickly sent a replacement , and the new has run with no problems ! Have to refill daily , but will last through the night on high .
 I love this humdifier , save me from the terribly dry winter air . It 's perfect for bedroom using . It even warms up the room a little bit . Also I can use esstential oil -LRB- lavender oil of course -RRB- with this humidifier , just make my bedroom a perfect place for sweet dreams .
 This unit runs very quietly . Only occasionally do you hear a `` gulp '' noise as water leaves the reservoir . But this seems to be very quiet compared to the loud noise that some Vornados make when water leaves the reservoir . The heating plate collects a lot of mineral deposit , but this of course varies depending on your water source . It seems like it requires cleaning once a week for my water . This humidifier provides a lot of moisture -LRB- 3 gallons in 12 hours if on the highest setting -RRB- and has helped reduce dry skin problems .
 Easy to fill . Controls are simple and accurate , even in the dark . Heats up quickly and runs quietly . Works very quickly to reach humidity setting , then cycles as needed to maintain . Great product !
 Works great at humidifying a large area of the home . A little awkward to fill -LRB- you have to hold it -RRB- , but does fit under kitchen faucet.Mineral build-up minimized with the pads ; however the heating plate can be cleaned up with Lime-away or similar product by soaking it a shprt time . I would recommed this product .
 I purchased the HWM-335 about 4 months ago -- after owning three other humidifiers . One leaked . The water tank lid on another was extremely difficult to remove , which was a terrible trial since the tank had to be refilled at least twice a day.Why did I buy the HWM-335 ? Because it is a warm moisture humidifier that fits my life-style , and because it reminded me of R2-D2 . Why do I keep it , and why will I buy another when this one dies ? Because ... 1 -RRB- the tank lid is easy to remove ,2 -RRB- it does n't leak ,3 -RRB- it 's easy to clean ,4 -RRB- it has a humidistat that keeps my space moist without adjustments ,5 -RRB- the price is right ,6 -RRB- the design is charming , and7 -RRB- I have fallen in love.This little fellow is a constant reminder of the tiny robot who played such an important role in saving the oppressed from evil oppressors . And so I believe , like R2-D2 , this guy will give 200 % to see that the job is done , and done well . What 's not to love ? Thank you Honeywell!J.C . Laughton
 This humidifier performs as advertised . The digital controls are easy enough to use , and while the built-in humidistat is not terribly accurate it is consistent . I use a little countertop hygrometer at the other side of the room to judge humidity and select a humidifier setting accordingly . It is easy to clean and the mineral absorption pad eliminates most of the mineral buildup on the heating unit.The bubbling sound is a bit loud on the lowest setting , but it 's not an unpleasant sound and no humidifier is silent , in any case.My biggest complaint is the lack of a handle when the tank is upside down for filling , and that the tank can not stand on its own . This is an error of form over function , and is why I give 4 out of 5 stars.Other reviewers have complained about reliability , I 've had no trouble after 4 months of nightly use . I am careful to never let the unit run dry , if that makes any difference .
 I can not survive winter without this humidifier , instant warm steam as soon as you switch on . However , it is a bit noisy to be used overnight in bedroom , so I use it in my living room .
 I got this to go in my husbands garage / workshop . I have a lot of metal signs around , and they are good for a little pick me up when your having problems figuring things out that your working on , or find out something just ca n't be fixed anymore it has to be replaced , so you suck in a deep breath , because you know your billfold is about to be tortured , then you look up and read one of these signs . That just has to make things a little better .
 The sign was has a bright white background , and it looks just like the photo . The sign arrived in a timely manner -LRB- helpful for the holidays ! -RRB- There are no holes on the sign , so you have to drill them yourself . I 'm sure the person I am gifting this to will be fine with that .
 I bought a few of these to put on the tables at our wedding . Perfect for what I got them for . Really happy about the purchase .
 We received our first Wilton Armentale piece as a wedding gift from some dear friends . I am now hooked.First , let me explain . If you 're reading other reviews that give this less than 5 stars those people are either wrong with their review , or they have n't owned this or any other Armentale piece long enough . This is a hip , modern product that will appeal to intelligent consumers who seek something different and better in their kitchen wares.At the end of the day this is an egg platter and particularly for Deviled Eggs . You could just put whole hard-boiled eggs on there too if you wish to serve breakfast to out of town guests . Other than that I ca n't say that there are many practical purposes for a dish like this . You could possibly bake little corn cakes in there . Yes , Armantale loves being in the oven as much as it likes being in the fridge . If people are harshly rating this wonderful product with any less than 5 stars , I 'd ignore their comments and buy this knowing you 'll have it for generations.Armentale as I understand it is constructed from reclaimed metals that are smelted into a unique metal which is what is used to make these products . It is a unique metal , relatively light yet relatively dense at the same time . It has a warm feel like aluminum yet holds up better to daily use than softer metals.The finish is slightly dully , almost pewterish or brushed alumnimum The finish is smooth to the touch and has a warm sheen . If you do n't care for that look that 's fine , but do n't buy this product . If you want shiny , there are plenty of cheap shiny things at your local big box store . Buy something there instead.Well , so Armentale is particularly versatile . It can withstand a variety of heat sources and retain its shape and beauty . It cleans up well and looks great on display or for use on special occasions .
 Gave this to my mother in law , she loves it ! A fabulous platter for presenting deviled eggs . LOve Wilton Armetale platters , they are the best !
 I am happy to say , I find the deviled egg tray , weight , balance , and finish just right . The weight of a piece , for its intended purpose is all important for deviled eggs , to say nothing of the finish . Having several wonderful pieces of the Wilton Armetale Flutes & Pearls , I was glad to find this tray to match . I love the durability , flexibility and function of these Wilton pieces . The performance speaks for itself . Like others , sterling is not my thing . It 's great to have something attractive , and not have to be so worried about it ! It is , just right .
 Great little fridge for cold drinks . It 's quiet and works like a charm . This is the second one of these I 've owned . The first finally died after four years . Weak link seems to be the 110V adapter . We also use it up front in the motor home near the driver .
 We bought this for our master bedroom to store insulin for my diabetic husband . When we travelled , we were able to plug the frig into the car adapter on the trip -LRB- the frig was small enough to fit comfortably between the front seats of a mini-van -RRB- and into the wall outlet at hotels . Since we did n't need to have a hotel with a frig , this item did pay for itself . Although it is marketed for baby food , it is great for older people too . After my husband died , I passed the frig on to a niece with a new baby , and it worked well for her too .
 I have mine in my bedroom -LRB- second floor in the house -RRB- . The drinks are colder in my little minifridge than in my full sized refrigerator . I just wish I had bought one sooner . Definitely worth the money . Also great for a nursery or kids room . It 's so petite that it does n't take up much room . I do n't know if they had them when I had my kids but it definitely would have been helpful . Would make a great baby shower gift .
 I have my fridge on my office desk and am using it strictly to keep cans of soda cold and it does a very good job of that ! When I leave in the evening I turn it off and then turn it back on again in the morning . When it first starts up it 's a bit noisy -LRB- I think what I 'm hearing is the fan -RRB- but it quiets down once it 's been running for a minute or two . I ca n't speak to the heating capabilities of this unit because , quite frankly , it 's stated max temperature of 140 degrees does n't seem all that hot to me but if you 're looking for a fridge that does n't take up much room and will chill up to 6 cans of pop -LRB- or beer :--RRB- down to 40 degrees , this fridge should do very nicely for you .
 Used this on a roadtrip to hold babyfood and formula . Worked great both in the car and in the hotel rooms . Imagine we 'll continue using it to travel for sodas and snacks .
 This item was bought as a gift for my daughter 's office . It fits and works perfect !
 A great , small fridge that I bought for someone in a nursing home . The fridge is small , but it is also quiet , does n't put out much heat , and keeps two small containers well chilled !
 My office partner and I needed a fridge to keep coffee cream cold which liberated us from the powdered palm oil substitute . This MiniFridge is the best thing since sliced bread and it looks just like a miniature fridge . Now we are looking for a miniature table with chairs to complete the kitchen look on the window sill -LRB- engineers with too much time on their hands -RRB- .
 I have n't tried the heat setting , but the cold setting does n't keep things very cold . I thought it would literally be like a mini refrigerator , but it just keeps things cool , not cold . The size and portability are great , and the fact that it has an auto adapter was great . I needed it to keep breastmilk cold on a trip and it would have been PERFECT if it could have just gotten colder . If using for drinks or other convenience items , I 'd give it 5 stars , but if you need to depend on it to keep items cold -LRB- i.e. breastmilk , prescriptions , etc. -RRB- it needs some work .
 This mini fridge is great and perfect to store lunch in in the office if you are grossed out by the office fridge . It gets really cold and keeps all of my food cold . I highly recommend it !
 I got this for my son 's room . He is having a lodge theme . he was thrilled . I got the item shipped very quickly and I was pleased at the low price .
 Did what it was supposed to do and was darned cute . The cutters broke in my messy drawer . Be sure and have it safe .
 I am starting the whole collection of this line . I have Wedgey and Boiley . Love them both ! Plan on getting Whiskey next .
 My husband make hard boiled eggs all the time and uses them for egg sandwiches . This is an adorable egg slicer and works perfectly . The company sent the product out immediately .
 Not only is this little chick slicer cute , it slices great . I have even used it to slice mushrooms and small amounts of mozzarella cheese . Great little kitchen gadget ... a real must have for your kitchen !!
 I bought this as a small birthday gift for my sister , and it turns out to be her favorite gift . She finds it both whimsical and useful . She also finds it ornamental , and keeps it on the ledge of her stove . She raises chickens , so has a good use for it .
 My grandchildren like to slice their own hardboiled eggs . This cute slicer makes it even more fun for them . I was disappointed though that the items are not dishwasher safe .
 I just bought this and used it to make myself an egg salad sandwich . After hard boiling the eggs and cooling them , I just peeled the egg shell and placed the egg in the device . It is easy to use because there is a small indent -LRB- exact size of an egg -RRB- where you place the egg . I then switched the egg around the other way to cut it even more . I wanted tiny pieces of egg and it worked very well . What I like about this is that you can just slice the egg into slices or you can dice it up into pieces . You will love this cute egg slicer . It will be a great addition to your kitchen .
 My adult daughter had this on her wish list forthe longest time and I finally took a chance.From her reaction to the gift to her raves on what a handy little kitchen gadget it is , it was a great experience.And it arrived before promised .
 I have not used it yet and my last egg slicer wore out . Since I was ordering other items I ordered it too .
 Wedgey certainly is cute . However , keep in mind to only use this on eggs or other very soft food items . It is a little hard to line the wires up appropriately . For the price , this is a good piece of equipment and a whimsical addition to any kitchen .
 I have to admit from the beginning that I am a sucker for cute kitchen items . Wedgey definitely fits into that category , although it works great as an egg slicer as well . It makes a nice gift , too !
 Such a cute product to add to my daughters Wedgey collection . She asked for an egg slicer for Christmas . Was excited to get the Wedgey . Cuts eggs great .
 Ordered for my daughter and she loved it . she uses it all the time . makes slicing eggs easy and fun .
 Bought as a combo gift when my aunt started a chicken coupe , she is going to love them . Fresh eggs everyday how lucky ...
 Bought these for my daughters , each in their own apartment for the first time . Matches the whisk and spatula . Really cute .
 It is a little small for a large egg but it is really a cute item and works well . It stands upright for storage so it takes up less space and is easy to locate in the cupboard .
 This pan is the best because of the included cover . No more tin foil or Saran Wrap sticking to the icing . This was a goft for my Grandmother to replace her 30 + year old pan with lid that finally bit the dust . She was thrilled to have it and broke it in quite quickly .
 This is one of the best pans I could have bought . My cousin had one and said she loved hers , but until I got mine I had no idea what a great piece of bakeware this really is ! I highly recommend it for anyone , cooks and novices alike !
 We travel . While I love our fifth wheel , there are draw backs to the tiny kitchen . The oven does not always cook items without burning on the bottom . The air pan stops this problem .
 This pan is great , and the lid stays shut well . It bakes the perfect pineapple carrot cake , so moist and fluffy . I think that it got knocked around quite a bit in the shipping , but there is only the slightest ding in the bottom side , so it seems pretty sturdy to me .
 This item was very hard to find in any stores around town . No one had the exact size and they did n't usually come with a lid . When this one came in the mail it was exactly what I was looking for . I have n't used it though because I gave it as a gift .
 Needed to have a tap that would allow me to access my keg of Anchor Steam . This baby did the trick .
 These iced beverage glasses are exquisite ! These are a Christmas gift to my son who just bought his first home . I bought him eight beverage glasses , eight old-fashion crystal bar ware and also eight wine glasses . Would highly recommend Mikasa crystal . I also own eight of the old-fashion Mikasa crystal . Each glass is of high quality , heavy and beautiful enough for any table .
 I did n't realize that they make these glasses without the silver trim as well . This one does not have the silver trim . I was a little disappointed with that but it is nice to have the glass as a backup .
 A relative of mine collects Mikasa arctic lights crystal , and while I often purchase it for her for gifts , the crystal is very expensive . She often gets one , or sometimes two , pieces from me . However , Amazon has the cheapest prices I have found for this crystal and has made purchasing it for her much more affordable . My only warning is to watch the description of the glasses . Some of it that is sold on Amazon is the actual crystal , and some of it is only cut glass . If you are buying this particular brand of crystal , make sure that it states the word `` crystal '' in the name of the product .
 I love this pattern and this piece in particular . It looks delicate but is quite sturdy feeling . There is a good balance so you do n't feel like it 's likely to tip over if you do n't set it down just right . I let my 5 year old use it when we had a `` fancy dinner '' and it came out completely unscathed . It sets a very pretty table and has a really good deal of fire . The price just ca n't be beat . Highly recommend it !
 I did n't realize when I ordered these they were different from the corelle dishes I had ordered before . They had one more ring on the edge and the plates were thicker , but I love them . Only I notice the difference , no one else would . Had I known about Ultra before I bought my other dishes , I would have made sure they were all Ultra . Excellent product . Came quickly and was wrapped very well .
 We purchased this duvet for our 14yo son . His room has a nautical theme . Its a perfect choice for a young man . We chose the navy blue although it also come in red . Saw this set in a department store for almost double the price . So glad I checked out Amazon before I made my purchase . The only down side is that the navy blue canvas material shows lots of dirt , lint , etc. .
 We were happy with the looks and quality of the products . Would purchase again .
 The style is great for a guy 's room . Now we need to get a bed skirt and curtains to pull the style of the room together . The fabric could be just a little bit softer .
 I have been using this duvet cover for two weeks in college and have loved it !!!!!
 The bland pink at first turned me off but upon receiving the duvet cover , it looked very nice indeed . Further , the reverse side is not a floral pattern but striped , i.e. , inaccurate pictures can be misleading . Finally , the denim quality will make this a long lasting duvet . I am satisfied despite the couple of quirks .
 very heavy duty which is perfect for my son 's room ... material resembles Carthart jackets which he loves ... love this product .
 I bought this poster and a few others for my sister in law 40th 80 's bday bash.The poster is super cute , now my niece has it hanging in her room . The reason I gave it a 4 and not a 5 is because I wish I would have read what size this poster is . It was very small like 1 foot by 2 feet and for the cost it was pretty expensive . For a larger poster I would have been more okay with spending more .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistent pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 A desk chair is a hugely challenging purchase , especially for people that spend long hours in it , or those with back problems . Some chairs feel great at the store , but after the first 8 hour day of sitting in it you realize that it was a huge mistake . Other chairs are comfortable for the first week that you use them , and then you start suffering from inexplicable back problems or restlessness . Others feel great for the purchaser , but awful to the recipient.This chair is great , because it is the proven and trusted one stop solution for an office chair . It might be the cheapest ergonomic chair , or even the best for every person , but it is a consistent pleaser . The ` safe bet ' of office chairs . Since they started selling it in 1994 , it has become the standard in offices around the world . It is the default for people and companies who want to get the most out of themselves and their employees.There are other `` ergonomic '' chairs out there that are probably just as good as this one , maybe even for less money , but if you want the sure thing , this is the way to go . I highly recommend it , unless you want to spend the next 4 months trying out a variety of other chairs to find a better match .
 It 's super comfortable , moves easily around and it adjusts fast and with no effort to any position .
 We 're Irish so love the Celtic items . This resin cross has designs from the Book of Kells and is just beautiful . I originally got it for my husband 's shop but like it so much I may put it in my garden ! It would be great indoors or outside . I 'm very surprised that one reviewer thought this item was plastic , it is not - it 's made out of tough resin like most outdoor ornaments . It 's a gorgeous piece and well worth the price .
 Lovely Kells ' cross , exactly the size we needed itthe colors are muted and looks like its been outside for years.This was exactly what we needed for a special spot in the garden , I would recommend to anyone . The only thing I wish it had was a small hanger insteadof the dent to hang it from in the back , would have preferred that but it will be hangingin our garden today !
 Very nice piece . Colors were not as vibrant as they were in the picture . Art work is still beautifully done .
 I 'm very pleased with this lovely cross . My intentions , when I first saw it online was to place it over the front door of my front entrance . When I received it , I was more than happy that it fits perfectly . The colors are as brilliant as they are in the picture . I really like this cross .
 This is an excellent product and works very well when used properly . If you want to use non pod coffee in your senseo this is the easiest way to do it.The key to using this product is to compress the grounds as much as possible in the coffee holder . You need to compress them in the same way you would in an expresso machine . If you do not compress them you will get watery coffee , you would have the same experience with some expresso machines.What would make this 5 stars would be if the manufacturer provided a better tool to compress the grounds , I use the bottom of a Tylenol bottom which fits perfectly into the coffee holder . Highly recommended !!!!!
 I have a Mypod and it makes wonderful coffee . I use Caribou coffee and add a scoop and a quarter of coffee and it is not weak . The outhers must not be using it properly .
 I picked this model up at walmart and I love it . I can put two full scoops -LRB- scoop is included -RRB- of coffee in the pod holder and it makes a wonderful cup of coffee . The proper ratio is a 2 to 6 ratio . Two tablespoons of coffee to six oz . of water and this podholder allows me to do this with my senseo . I normally only use a french press to make my coffee , but I am now a convert . Make sure you moisten the small filter paper so that it lays down flat against the bottom of the pod holder before you put the coffee in the pod holder . You 'll need to give the cover a gental but firm press to compact the coffee in the pod holder . I 'm glad that I do n't have to buy those damn pre made store bought pods of coffee any more . I 'm free to use the coffee of my choice . Thank you Presto .
 I guess I would be called a coffee snob ... I like my coffee . I have n't found any coffee pods that equal the flavor of Starbucks fresh ground coffee . This little set up allows me to grind my own coffee and enjoy an `` Americano '' quality cup of coffee . My son uses my Senseo when visiting , and he worked at Starbucks years ago . He 's getting married soon and I 've purchased a Senseo AND the Presto MyPOD Replacement for he and his wife . You 've just got to have this if you have a Senseo .
 The product delivers on it 's promise . It 's great for using regular coffee . I do recommend wetting the filter . Definitely more economical than buying the pods . I recommend Eight O'Clock coffee recently rated the best supermarket coffee by consumer reports . It 's sold in whole bean , but I use the in store grinder to grind it . I use it with the Senseo coffee maker .
 This is an excellent replacement for the high priced ready made coffee pods . It holds sufficient coffee for an 8 oz cup of strong coffee and enables one to use any finely ground coffee or flavored coffee . It cleans relatively easily and the little filters make it pretty easy to clean out and wash .
 Let me preface my review by saying that after reading the reviews of the MyPod I was a little wary of buying it . However , it turned out that there was no need to be . I 'm not sure how people are having so many problems with it . It seems fairly simple to me . I put in a paper filter , scoop out 1.5 scoops of pre-ground Dunkin Donuts coffee , put on the lid , and then brew . I use the 2 cup setting and I do n't think it makes any more than the original Senseo pods do . When it 's finished , I take off the lid and immediately rinse it down the sink -LRB- with garbage disposal -RRB- . That 's it . So far it 's worked flawlessly . I love the fact that I can drink Dunkin coffees without using an old fashioned coffeemaker now . Thanks Presto !
 I bought a Senseo Coffee maker which only uses expensive Senseo pods . I like Eight O'clock coffee fresh ground so I purchased this replacement pod system . Good price and it works perfectly for me . I am able to use whichever coffee I choose -LRB- I like to mix Eight O'Clock Columbian with hazelnut or vanilla flavored coffees -RRB- and I am not locked in to buying $ 4 plus bags of coffee pods over which I have no creative control .
 While walking through my local Wal-Mart I came upon this gem , at first I just glanced by it then had to take a double look . Sure enough there it sat , the item I envisioned but never found nor ever heard of , until now . Ive seen those other types of re-useable coffee pod holders but all pretty much had bad reviews , and honestly looked to cheap to do the job right.Now at home and to give it a try . The box contains a holder , cover , filters , and a scoop . The holder replaces the original Senseo pod holder and houses the rest of the parts . At the bottom of the holder you place a filter then fill with 1 to 1-1/2 scoops of coffee grinds and compact with the cover . The cover remains in place while brewing . Next place the whole assembly into the Senseo and the rest is as normal.Clean up can be a hassle because now your dealing with loose grinds which is why I 'll use this occasionally . Remove the cover and dump the grinds in the trash which most will fall out because of the filter . You 'll need to rinse the holder and the cover.TIP
 I 've been reading through the reviews for the mypod adapter for the Senseo machines , and you can almost immediately tell those who have a good grinder along with it , and those who do n't , or those who buy preground . Usually all the bad complaints are from the latter.The Senseo is actually a quite brilliant and cost effective piece of engineering . It 's let down by absolutely horrible coffee marketed by Philips / Sara Lee - some of the worst coffee bought on the open market today . Fortunately , the mypod adapter lets you skip commodity coffee and move on to some of the world 's best coffees.But it too is let down if you do n't have a good grinder -LRB- think Solis Maestro or better -RRB- to go along with it . Fresh ground coffee , ground to the right particle size , is extremely important in any brewed cup , and no less so with this aftermarket adapter.Grinding to something closer to a moka grind than a drip grind -LRB- fairly fine , but not `` espresso '' fine -RRB- , 14g of coffee in the pod adapter results in an excellent extraction up to about 5 ounces . Not too shabby when you consider that extraction time is around 50 seconds . The mypod can be used without the paper filters , but in my experience , you need a coarser ground and more coffee to get the same kind of overall cup . Normally I eschew paper filters , but the mypod filters are more `` weaves '' than a solid mass , and allow some aromatic oils to seep through , something paper normally traps . Also , because it 's a loose fit over the bottom of the filter , some brew water goes around the paper sidways , allowing more oils to make it to the cup.The Senseo , when used with the mypod adapter , produces a fairly decent quality `` caffe suisse '' style brew . The pump does exert more pressure on the bed of coffee than a moka pot does , but not as much as a true espresso machine does . With the grind I use for it , I generally get a max of six ounces using the `` two cup '' button ; but the extraction time is long enough , and some geniune -LRB- albeit very blond -RRB- crema is produced - not the false , frothed coffee -LRB- not crema -RRB- that the Senseo and its original pods produce.Overall , this is a must have for any Senseo owner , but do n't bother unless you have a good grinder to match it up with . And good coffee to use - Folgers is n't good coffee . And make sure the metal part of the filter you see when loading it into the machine is completely clean - it has to form a good seal with the rubber gasket in the Senseo 's lid . If any stray coffee grounds are there , you will see leakage and a ruined cup .
 I 've been on the fence about my Senseo after the fun wore off on day 2 . Pods are expensive , and the D&E ; pods just are n't that great . The crema is a nice touch , but for me it 's not worth 40 cents more per cup of coffee -LRB- using 2 pods for a full cup -RRB- to shave a few minutes from the routine and to get some foam . Yes , there are better pods , but there 's only so much most people are willing to pay . In comes the MyPod ... I did a fair amount of research before picking this up , and could n't be happier . I looked at the EcoPod , which is a good idea , but just looked messy and flimsy . The MyPod is easy enough to use every day , you just drop a filter sheet in the bottom , dump some coffee in , press down the top and pop it in like the normal pod holder . MAYBE adds a minute to the process -LRB- assuming you have ground coffee ready to go -RRB- . A few things to point out , that I remember reading in other reviews .1 - It does not give you the crema , but really , is it that big of a deal ? Honestly I prefer coffee without it since it 's not so much cream as it is foam , which is kind of weird on coffee .2 - It will drip a lot more after the machine is turned off . Again no big deal , just rinse the tray that 's down there to catch the drips .3 - I did n't find it difficult at all to get a strong cup of coffee . Other people have noted all sorts of methods and tips , and others have complained it 's too weak . I use about 1.5 scoops of a fine grind -LRB- not like powder - it says not to use finely ground , but not like folgers grind -RRB- , and just make sure to press down the top all the way to pack it in . Hit the 2 cup button , and in 30 seconds it 's a nice full cup of dark coffee . I ca n't comment on whether you have to watch and make sure it does n't overflow because I have n't left it unattended . Either way , is that a reason to pass it up ? I think we can all stand still for 30 seconds if it means using our own coffee and getting a full cup .4 - Yes , keep the grinds off the rim of the holder . Are people doing this with a blindfold on ? It 's a small scoop , a big hole , and it does n't fill to the top - how people get grinds on the rim enough to comment on it is beyond me.All in all , a great product . I really ca n't think of anything I would change . I was about ready to take my Senseo back , but now it 's found a home on my counter .
 This product is incredibly useful if you are tired of spending too much on coffee pods , but you have a pod machine . I got my mother a Senseo because she `` drinks for one '' and thought it would be a real convenience for her hectic life . It is , but she 's a school teacher and can not afford the expensive pods to go with the machine . Whoops ! So I got her this MyPod and showed her the review that moobar wrote below . When my mom and I tried it we : a -RRB- moistened the filter when placing it in the holderb -RRB- cleared any coffee grounds from the rim of the holderc -RRB- used the 1-cup button on the SenseoIt made a large cup of great tasting coffee . I made quite a few of them while I was visiting my mother . I thought it was very easy to use and required only a small amount of extra time .
 I bought a Senseo a few months ago and love its convenience but was n't satisfied with any of the pre-ground pods . To me , pre-ground coffee is an abomination - not much better than instant . After reading mixed reviews of the MyPod and EcoPod products , I decided to order both and see if either would produce a decent cup of coffee in the Senseo machine.In all honesty , I never gave the EcoPod a fair trial because I hated it from the first use . It 's too small , messy and hard to fill . I would n't use it even if it made great coffee because it 's simply too inconvenient.On the other hand , I 'm very satisfied with the MyPod . I use a dry filter and fill the holder completely , using two full scoops of whole beans , ground medium-fine and compacted firmly into the holder using my fingers and the supplied compactor/lid . This will fill the holder completely , but not overfill it.I brew using the 2-cup button but shut it off when it has brewed 8 to 9 ozs , about 1 to 1 1/2 inches below the rim of my 12 oz mug . This produces a fairly strong , flavorful , aromatic cup of fresh-tasting coffee , with a light layer of crema.Unlike some reviewers , I 've found clean-up to be simple and not at all messy . Remove the lid over the sink or trash can , tap the holder to dump the grounds and rinse off the remaining residue under running water . Then dry the holder with a paper towel . It could n't be easier.Refilling the MyPod is also much easier and less messy than the EcoPod , because it is much larger and has a rim to catch any overflow . Pour the ground coffee directly into the holder , smoothing and compacting the coffee with your fingertips , then cover with the compacting lid . Press down firmly while rotating the lid with your fingertips . This will compact the coffee very evenly and firmly into the holder.The keys to success are using good , freshly roasted and freshly ground coffee , compacting it firmly into the holder , and making sure the holder is properly seated in the machine . I suspect that those who have had problems with the MyPod have violated one or more of these three rules.I generally drink medium roast Costa Rica Tarrazu `` La Pastora '' coffee but any fresh , good quality medium or dark roast should work fine . I do n't think light roast coffees would brew as well in the Senseo .
 I ran across this in Wall-Mart and it was on sale for $ 7.00 and the filters were $ 1.50 so I bought it and 2 extra packs of filters . I read the reviews about it here and the do 's and do n'ts . I read the instructions carefully also . I love a big cup of strong coffee . I ended up placing a filter in the bottom and just filling the podholder with a fine grind of coffee . I fill it to the top . I use a soup cup to drink out of and it works great to just put it under the spouts . It holds about 2 1/2 cups . I press the 1 cup button and wait until it is done and then push it again . I end up with 1 really big cup of really strong coffee which makes me very happy . I do n't find making it to be a bother or the cleanup bothersome either . I dump the grounds and rinse and done . It cleans fast and easy for me . I absolutely love this product . I find it interesting that other folks have problems when trying to use it . I even forgot the filter one morning and it still worked perfectly for me . Now I can have all my favorite blends and not have to settle for expensive pods with only a very small selection . When buying pods I usually can only find 2 and maybe on occasion 3 choices in the store . Now I can make my own blend of flavors and strength . I think that that is wonderful ! I highly recommend this product if you want a great cup of custom coffee . Following the directions and the advice of others is very helpful to make it work for you too . Enjoy !!!
 This is a great alternative to the awful price/awful tasting Senseo pods ! Clean up is not hard -LRB- unless you think dumping and rinsing is difficult -RRB- and you actually get bigger/better cups of coffee with it . -LRB- If you are overflowing , getting a bigger mug - problem solved -RRB- . I 've been using mine for over a year and never had an issue that was n't my fault.The biggest gripe I had with Senseo pods -LRB- besides their price -RRB- was their weasley small cups of coffee that did n't even taste good . Using my own favorite coffee , following directions and this MyPod , I get a great cup of coffee for substantially less money.I like the individual coffee maker and this little accessory really fills the bill to save money AND enjoy a better tasting cup .
 Our old coffee pot , a beloved basic Black & Decker thermal carafe model , finally was finally on its last legs ... the lever that allowed a cup of coffee before brewing was done broke , the lid was cracked and permanently very brown , and hard water was clogging the works for the umpteenth time ... My husband and I had been in the market for a new coffee pot for about a year ... and we were torn between the pod machines and the brew station . However the brew station has numerous bad reviews and a heating element that continues to cook the coffee after it is done brewing , so we steered away from that one . We liked the idea of the pod machines , a fresh cup of coffee quickly when we wanted ... but we were leery of the cost of the pods . We also prefer to grind out own beans.Just last week , he was in Wally World and noticed the Presto MyPod . We mulled it over and finally decided to take the plunge . We have used both the pods that came with the machine and the MyPod . Both worked just fine for us.The MyPod is no more or less messy than our previously grinding our own beans and using a gold filter ... actually it is less so due to size . So now , as a night nurse , I can have my fresh cup of coffee to kickstart me in the evening and my husband can have his fresh kick in the morning . And we can both enjoy our coffee any time of the day . We will no longer have pots of coffee either sitting all day or going to waste.Mind you , I use an extra large mug -LRB- never bothered to measure the ounce-age -RRB- , so I have to brew 2 cups , then 1 cup to get it to my milk level.My guess is that if you are having problems with the MyPod , it 's either user error or defective equipment somewhere .
 So far ... this is the best option available for `` home brews '' . I am thrilled to have the option of what coffee I can brew and how strong it will be . I just received the product and tried it out right away . The holder was wet from washing it , so the filter stayed right down in place . I used 1 1/2 scoops of a finely ground coffee -LRB- that I bought in Madrid -RRB- , in hopes of a stronger brew . - Added the cap , pressed down firmly , inserted it in my Senseo and brewed a double cup . It was sooooo nice to have a coffee other than the `` light , medium or dark '' brews offered in the pods . I 've tried the flavors , but they do n't come out quite strong enough for me , and I prefer not to always have a flavored coffee.This was simple enough to use . It is not as simple to prep as dropping in a pod , nor is it as easy to clean as dumping out a pod and rinsing the holder , but close enough . I found that when dumping out the holder , the coffee came out fairly cleanly and in one clump -LRB- thanks to the filter -RRB- . I just had to rinse the holder and the cap.You also lose alot of the froth , but I never found the froth to be too impressive before hand . I have one of those small hand-held frother 's anyway , and it works better.I recommend this product just for being given an option and it works for what it 's supposed to do . I 'm having Columbian coffee tomorrow and a Italian blend next week .
 After reading all the reviews and seeing the problems some had using the MyPod , I thought twice about getting it . My hubby talked me into it and I am SOOOO happy that he did ! I use it several times daily and have not had a single problem with it . It is super easy to fill and use , perfectly sturdy , cleans up quickly and makes a great cup of coffee . There is nothing I would change about it and would buy it again with no reservations .
 I 've had this product for about a year and just bought a second one , because my dishwasher ate the cover . I 've been thrilled with it . I like to use my own coffee . I also like that I can use cheaper coffee without paying the high price for pods that get me only half a mug of coffee . I highly recommend it . Just be careful not to overfill it , because you will get leaks .
 The MyPod product produces excellent coffee . Well , no froth but then I do n't really care about that . I use fresh finely ground coffee , Caribou brand , and get a brew nearly as good as I do with a French press process . I am very impressed , getting a quick easy cup with no real fuss .
 I love this item . Could hardly afford to continue using my Senseo what with the price of the pods . So far this has worked great . What a money saver !
 Need to experiment to get it right , sometimes cups overflow , but all in all a good product and it does cut the cost of coffee pods . Be sure to order extra filters !
 After reading all the other reviews , and taking mental notes , I decided to buy this for my Senseo . Following the tip to dampen the filter in order to keep it in place and following the directions that came with the MyPod , I grabbed some generic drip coffee I had and placed one and 1/2 scoops in the well . Following another tip -LRB- tamp down the coffee with a tylenol bottle -RRB- , I readied my machine and pressed the one cup button . I received 1 cup of good , solid coffee ... no mess , no fuss . Next time , I 'll grind the coffee a little finer to see if I get a stronger cup -LRB- it was fine , but I like a strong coffee -RRB- . If you 're tired of the Senseo pods and want more variety , then I 'd say that this attachment is definitely a good alternative .
 I love this refillable pod . It 's much more cost effective than buying the pre-made pods and I can use whatever coffee I want . I use it in the evening when I want one quick cup of a flavored coffee . I fill it with a scoop and a half of whatever coffee I 'm in the mood for and make a cup in about 2 minutes . I can use much better quality coffee for much less money that the premade pods .
 I purchased this as a gift . My father loves this thing . I read other reviews for this item and hoped for the best . It does say it works better with expresso coffee grounds . And that is what he uses . However , if there were a problem he would have called me before during and after he used this item .
 I have a Juan Valdez Pod Single Serve . Can this product also make Pods for the JVPM2 product ?
 We can finally have our own choice of coffee , instead of the awful SENSEO pods ! More messy to clean up , but worth it .
 We have a pod maker at work & someone bought this . It 's not the best , but it 's not as bad as people are complaining about.For starters , it does allow more water to flow into your cup , so hit the one cup button or use a bigger mug . Problem solved.Cleanup is a fuss , but when is n't cleanup a fuss ? Get over it . If you are a real coffee drinker , then you know about cleaning up grinds.Overall , this is a good buy if you want to use your own coffee.If you are happy w/the pods available , then pass on buying this .
 No more yuk pod coffee ... use your own gourmet coffee . Easy to use and makes ALL the difference in the world to coffee enjoyment by the cup/pod .
 I stumbled upon this at Wal-Mart . It works great in my Black & Decker coffee maker . I have found pre-made pods way too weak even if doubled and they 're costly , esp if you double them ! I was so pleased to be able to brew a cuppa strong French roast BUT - BUT - BUT it 's a huge PITA cleaning out the pod maker . I have yet to be able to do it without having to sweep coffee grounds off the floor . I dunno . Maybe I 'm just a klutz with it.Six of one , half-dozen of the other . I put up with the messy clean-up to have a fresh , strong cuppa joe - for now anyway . : - -RRB-
 This is a must have for loose herbal teas or your favorite blend of coffee . I love it .
 I read the reviews where people wrote that it made weak coffee , so when I first tried it out , I put in a heaping scoop of coffee for 1 serving . Turned out so strong I could cut it with a knife . Then I tried it with the normal amount , and guess what ? PERFECT COFFEE ! As long as you experiment with the amount of coffee , I 'm sure you 'll find the perfect strength for you . As I wanted to make my favorite Jamaica Blue Mountain on my Senseo , as well as add variety to the Senseo 's repertoire , I was searching for something like this . Definitely a handy gadget .
 True it 's not as convenient as the pre-packaged pods , but I use a fine grind , two scoops -LRB- not just 1 or 1.5 -RRB- , Makes crema , very dark like espresso , my machine shuts off just fine . It 's excellent . I use it everyday .
 This coffee filter , combined with the Senseo , can produce a truly outstanding and consistent cup of coffee on a regular basis . I have used this filter for over a year -LRB- more than 300 cups of coffee -RRB- and found it first rate , especially if you like a strong , full flavored cup of your own coffee brand . I used to be an espresso drinker but prefer a large cup in the morning and this does it . Couple of points
 I have no idea why this does n't work for people , other than they may be filling too much . We have been using this daily for four months now , and never had a single problem . My husband can grind his own beans and use the flavors that he likes instead of the HAVING to use the Senseo coffee ... which most of is not very good . It does n't produce all that foam either , which is great for us . My husband HATES the foam . It is very easy to pack and simple to dump the grinds and rinse out . It can even go in the dishwasher . If you have the Senso , you MUST have this cool little gadget as well !
 I bought this item , because I simply wanted to get rid of drip-ground coffee that I have left over from my pre-Senseo days . My first impressions of the MyPod were bad , but I decided not to give up on it , because I knew others had found it worthwhile.I tried using the product according to the instructions that came with it . My first batch was rather watery , because the machine did not stop dispensing after 8oz on the two-cup setting , as is normal . The brew was also rather weak , despite the extra water.The instructions warned me about the possibility of the machine dispensing extra water , so I was prepared for that . But the watery brew was unacceptable . I bought the Senseo as a sort of poor man 's espresso machine . I know Senseo coffee not espresso , but it is quite close in my opinion , and it is much cheaper that Starbucks espresso or the like . I love my Senseo machine so much that I use it every morning . I quit bothering with drip coffee at home , except on the weekends , years ago . So the MyPod seemed to produce coffee that I could do without!Another reviewer here shared his MyPod recipe , which is 1-1/2 scoops and 1-cup setting . I tried it and I like it . The is the only recipe that works and produces coffee that comes close to what I 've grown accustomed to from this Senseo machine.I 'll keep the MyPod for times when I ca n't get pods . I 'd give it 5 stars if it produced the creme that I get with pods .
 I HONESTLY ca n't understand all the negative reviews of this product . It does exactly as it claims to do-enables you to use your own ground coffee in a senseo coffee pod machine . The instructions plainly say that there is no automatic shut off with this filter , and to therefore stand by your machine when brewing a cup of coffee to prevent overflow . However , all those who gave the product such a negative review should do as I do and just fill the water reservior to the 8 ounce line , use a mug and not a cup , and guess what ? No overflow , and it stops brewing at the perfect amount .
 I love it ... it is hard to find the pods for senseo in stores but this attachment is easy to use and love being able to use my own coffee , tea etc. excellent device ... would recommend greatly to expand your potential of your senseo maker ... do not pack coffee too tightly though ...
 I use the Mypod everyday . This thing makes great tasting coffee and I can change the strength by varying the amount of coffee in the pod . Always use the single cup button since the mypod allows more water to go through . Reviews that say the machine does not shut off are wrong . It is a little messy to empty the grounds . I have found that if I place the mypod in the sink to drain a while , it is less messy to empty . There is no foam , however the great tasting coffee makes up for it .
 Does it make a cup of coffee EXACTLY like a Senseo pod ? No - you do n't get that nice layer of foam on top . And , you have to manually shut it off . But it makes a good cup of coffee , and allows you the flexibility to use whatever variety of coffee you want to . This means I can use my Senseo to make my single cup of coffee every morning , and still buy the coffee I love from my favorite retailers .
 This product does work well if you carefully follow the instructions that are enclosed with both the Senseo and the Presto coffee holder . Some of the problems expressed by others are related to not following the instructions or to the priming of the Senseo Coffee Pot itself -LRB- which I found only has to be primed once when first used or after a long period of unuse . -RRB-
 It works great but I will not give up my pods completely because they are more convenient . And when I need coffee , manual dexterity is not my strong point . I usually use it for the second cup .
 I had to write a review because I came back to buy more filters and was surprised at the negative reviews.First the construction is top notch . Its only 2 parts a solid metal base with a built in filter that is super easy to clean and a top that presses the grounds . The top even has a metal piece in the center that lets you pull it off when you are done and the senseo machine also uses the metal center to push down on the device.To understand the negative reviews , yes it offers a little less back pressure than the standard pod holder . Big deal . I found that if you overfill the base a little and use the top to press it together -LRB- like the directions tell you to -RRB- , and then wipe the rim to remove any extra grounds , it is very similar to the amount of coffee with a regular pod . Granted it is a little bit more . But really , has anyone ever been satisfied with the amount of coffee you get when you press the one cup button ? Now you actually get a drinkable amount . If you use a big cup the 2 cup setting is great . If it is making to much coffee you are not using enough grounds . I found a little measuring cup in the drawer -LRB- 1/8 cup I think -RRB- measure out whole beans , put in the grinder and fill the MyPod up and use the top to press it down . Perfect every time.I simply use the one cup button , let it reheat , hit the one cup button again and then simply hit the off button when it gets close to the top , depending on what cup I am using . This takes like 10 seconds.So correct there is no auto sensing laser adjustment that detects when your coffee is about to overflow , and it does n't have a cheerleading squad to encourage you to put more grounds in . Its a piece of metal that acts as a great way to brew your own coffee . Its kinda like common sense.Cleaning is a breeze . I do n't know what the negative reviewers are talking about . When I 'm done , I hold the pod under running water to cool it off , grab the handy metal puller , and the water washes the grounds away . No problem . I 've even learned that you can use the filters many times . I used to throw it away every time , now I use them like 20 times or until they accidentally go down the disposal . This next pack of 100 filters should last until the unit breaks , the senseo , I 'm sure the MyPod will out live the Senseo . It does help to run the MyPod underwater and get it wet so that the filter gets wet and stays in place while you place the grounds in it.If you like your senseo you should buy this its great . Do n't let the negative reviews turn you off . If you ca n't check your oil in your car , you might not be able to use the MyPod . For the rest of us survivors its a great add on to your senseo .
 I had tried other refillable Senseo products and found them to be difficult to clean and the coffee not strong enough . I like the MyPod very much.True , you do n't have the `` nozzle '' in the pod holder that provides froth . If that 's a deal breaker for you , move along . And , yes , it is more cleaning work than the prepackaged filter.I enjoy the Senseo more for the freshness and convenience of making a single cup when I want it . Use good coffee , use 2 scoops , and use a large enough cup , it does produce more than the conventional pods .
 This filter does come with directions , that specifically state that more water will come out than with the pods -LRB- and that you may have to shut it off if it fills to much , but it 's always the same amount of coffee that comes out for me so I know what cups to use -RRB- , and that no foam will be produced . The foam from the pods is just an additive , put some dry creamer or cocoa mix in the bottom of your cup and it will foam that up a little bit.I use 1 1/2 scoops of coffee and press the one cup button for a pretty standard size coffee cup . It fills it with room for cream or whatever , and does shut off itself . It is impossible for the machine to just keep pouring water out and never stop , it has a reservoir that it pulls the water into to heat , which is why you have to wait until the light stops blinking again after to make a cup , for it to refill and heat again.Make sure the coffee is drip grind . I bought some yummy local coffee to use with this , and it beats Senseo and Target 's brand pods . And I love that it comes with the filters , we bought an extra bag because we did n't realize it did , so we have plenty.This little filter has produced nothing but good tasting coffee for me . I use it all the time .
 I agree with several of the postings here . To those , I would just like to add/stress a few things ... First , I would HIGHLY recommend that you do not purchase this item unless you have your Senseo next to or close to a garbage disposal . The reason being is that the easiest way to get rid of the grounds is to simply wash them down the garbage disposal . Also , if you 're making more than one cup , you 'll certainly need to do this , otherwise you would scald yourself trying to get the ground out.Also , the recommendation of wetting the filter is a great one . I actually just rinse out the holder , leaving a little water , and place the filter in the bottom.Be aware that you will NOT have foam using this device . One of my favorite things about Senseo , and using the regular pods , is the fact that you have the lovely foam on top of your coffee , just like when you travel to Europe . Due to the fact that the bottom of this unit is flat , and filled with holes , there 's not the pressure that you get by using the pods , so you do not have the foam.Use the single cup button ! No where on the instructions does it say that you 're supposed to use the single cup button , but that is indeed the case . Because of the size of the unit , you might think that you 're supposed to use the two-cup button , but that will give you very weak coffee . I find that the one-cup button , and using 1.5 scoops of coffee works well . Again , due to the fact that this device is flat with lots of holes on the bottom , there is n't the pressure that you have using the pods and so more water is going to run through giving you a larger cup of coffee . That can be good and bad , depending upon how you like your coffee and the size cup you use.FYI , I have used the `` Ecopad '' which is another coffee pod replacement device you can find on Amazon and MyPod is much ... Much ... MUCH better!Overall I like MyPod and would have given it five stars , if they had been able to make it with one small hole in the bottom , so that I could enjoy the foam , like with the regular coffee pods .
 I like this item very much . It allows for using your own coffee instead of the pre-made pods . It is sturdy , and makes a good cup of coffee . Something to note regarding Senseo - This item lets more water come through , so a 4 oz cup will be + / - 6 oz , and an 8 oz cup will be + / - 12 oz . Be sure to use a very large cup the first time you use it until you get a feel for how much water comes through.This item also uses small , disc-shaped filter sheets . A generous supply comes with the item initially .
 I do n't have a clue why anyone is having a problem with this product . I bought one of these a month or two back to use after I used up all the pods I 'd bought on clearance at Kroger 's . Today I thought just for grins I 'd try the unit for another quick cup of coffee instead of wasting a pod . This unit works perfectly . I cleaned it first , took the advice of another reviewer and wet the filter when I put it in so that it stayed exactly in place . Dumped in one measure of drip coffee I had on hand and put it in the machine . Bing Bang Boom ! I had a cup of coffee minus the foam . Took the coffee holder out of the machine and tapped the grounds into the wastebasket , then rinsed it off . Done , no problems with too little of this ... . to much of that ... . just a good cup of coffee in literally less then two minutes on my first try . Mindlessly easy !
 I 've tried a number of products designed to allow the use of fresh-ground coffee in my Senseo , and this is the first to consistently work . It 's easy to use and cleans up quickly . BUT , after a few watery cups , I discovered a couple of things that make it perfect :1 - Grind your beans well , but do n't try to use espresso grounds . Too course and coffee is weak ; too fine and the machine jams . I use a small , inexpensive grinder and run it until it sounds like it wo n't get any finer .2 - FILL THE HOLDER . If there is space above , the water wo n't get forced through the coffee & you 'll end up with brown water .
 Face it , the Senso pods are expensive and one cup a day just does n't cut it for me . I use the Presto MyPod Refillable all the time without the little pod filters -LRB- which are a pain and unnecessary -RRB- with regular off the shelf maxwell house columbian coffee.Yes you have to place enough coffee in so the pod top packs it tight.Yes you have to be sure there are no grounds outside of the pod top.Yes you have to stand at the machine and shut the pot off once your cup is 3/4 full . -LRB- but i normally stand there waiting for it anyway -RRB- No you do n't get fancy foam - but fancy foam is n't why i drink coffee.No the coffee is n't as strong , but i prefer it.I also love the fact that i can use regular coffee off the shelf in my favorite flavor . I save tons of money and I save the environment from all those spent pods as well.I 'd have given the Presto MyPod 5 stars but the handle is a bit flimsy for the cost so be careful when you 're tapping out the grounds and cleaning it .
 I 've had my Senseo for many years and I 've loved it . But I also tire of spending $ 5 on a bag of pods in the same five flavors that my local supermarket offers.When I buy coffee beans or other ground coffee , I 've made do with a French press , which is fine . But I 've miss the foam that my Senseo coffee drinks provide . And now , finally , I can use fresh ground coffee -- in the flavor of my choice -- in my beloved Senseo . It 's wonderful!You wo n't get as much of the foam as you do when you use a proper pod . But as long as you put in enough coffee -LRB- fill up the pod -- anything less means a weak cup -RRB- , it 's delicious . I 'm even using K-Cups and using the grounds in the MyPod -- a perfect serving!From one full MyPod , I can hit the two-cup water option and then the one-cup option and fill up the same mug with very rich flavor.If you have one of the older models -LRB- 7810 -RRB- this will make it worth keeping . Save the money on a new coffee pot and this will make you fall in love with your `` old '' Senseo again -- I promise !
 I have used Senseo coffee makers for the past six years and am now on my second coffee maker . The MyPod Refillable Replacement Pod has allowed me to save a great deal of money and has paid for itself many times over . It has also allowed me to experiment with a great variety of coffees.If you like coffee and appreciate a machine that provides individual cups , the MyPod only MAKES SENSE !
 The Presto refillable replacement pod works better than I expected . Not only is it easy to use but it really saves money and gives me more variety to use on my beloved Senseo coffee maker . I have more control over strength and flavor of my coffees and if I run out of my favorite pods I do n't have to go without my morning brew that day . Yes , it does take some effort to clean it after each use but it 's much easier than I thought and a little work is more than worth the added benefits . If you have a Senseo maker you MUST have one of these .
 A nice fit with the Senseo coffe maker that uses coffee pods . This product allows you to use your own coffee . Works well except does not produce the frothy top that comes with use of the pods .
 This is a great item if you do n't want to purchase the pods all the time . I have not had any problems with it . You should grind your coffee a little finer to get more taste from it . I do recommend thie product .
 Working from a home office , the idea of 2 minutes to a cup of coffee is appealing . I 've used the Senseo pods , other brand pods , the EcoPod -LRB- a sort of pop-together container with a fine mesh that serves as the filter -RRB- , and now my clearance MyPod . If you read the instruction manual provided , it gives enough information to use properly.This type of coffee maker pushes a set amount of water through the pod when it is at a certain pressure . The pods you buy contain the correct amount of coffee at the proper grind to ensure that this pressure is reached , giving you a standard size cup of coffee.The MyPod recommends watching your cup during your first few cups , then turning the system off if it gets more full than you need.From there , you can deduce that , if you 're getting too much water in there , you need to increase the pressure within the system
 I bought this gadget to allow more variety in my coffee `` diet '' . It works pretty good . Expect a larger cup of coffee , maybe a six ouncer , when hitting the one cup button . I use about 1 to 1 and 1/4 scoop of a medium-fine grind . That works pretty good for me . Wet the MyPod before putting the filter in , so that the filter wo n't move . Put your coffee in , as neat as possible -- if grounds get on the edges , you can just clean them off . I shake it until the grounds are pretty evenly distributed . Then you put the lid on the MyPod and press it down . Then it fits right into the Senseo . And thats it ! The foamy layer Senseo is renowned for is pretty non-existent with the MyPod , so do n't expect a froth . But , the coffee was still flavorful . Do n't be afraid to put in some trial and error time to figure out how much grounds to use for your personal taste .
 One and one half scoops of my favorite French Mocha Java blend gives me a near perfect cup of full-body brew in just about 20 seconds.The negative reviews are puzzling ... you do have to * read * the instructions , people!The only cons are the need to always have the filters on hand -LRB- can not operate without -RRB- and the amount of coffee dispersed . You will get about 5 oz , which is a bit more than using the manufactured pods which will only give you 4 oz . The dumping of the grinds and quick rinsing are much too trivial to even mention.No need for a pricey burr grinder either , the $ 20.00 Braun -LRB- or similar -RRB- will produce the recommended grind perfectly . Just pulse it to avoid heat buildup.Editing to add that I tried the recommendation posted by another reviewer to get more than a 4 ounce cup , `` press the 1 cup button and wait until it is done and then push it again . `` My technique differs slightly , found it works better if you power it off and then power it back on to get those additional ounces . I am enjoying a BIG mug of coffee that is equal in strength to following the standard procedure for a 4 ounce cup .
 I love the kit and use it every day . It makes using the Senseo coffeemaker very economical and you can make your favorite types of coffee .
 I really like these canisters . The bright red color really livens up my kitchen . They are very sturdy and have not yet chipped -LRB- even with 4 kids using them -RRB- . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the rooster handles on the lids are a little too small to grab when taking the lid off . Other than that , I love them .
 Ordered this item from ACE Hardware through Amazon . They cancelled my order without notifying me , only Amazon sent me an e-mail after the order was cancelled.I see that it 's still showing as if they have this item in stock here on Amazon , but I just got off the phone with an -LRB- unhelpfull -RRB- employee at the ACE and they are definitely out of stock.I tried leaving the feedback on the seller 's profile , but it would n't allow me , so I 'm leaving it here . Make sure they actually have it before you place this order through ACE.As for the cheese grater , I had this same one before and loved it , only after some heavy useage over 3 year period the handle finally broke so I wanted to buy a new one .
 This works fine . The grind is not as fine as my previous one but that is ok . My old plastic one broke , a Xyliss -LRB- as many others mentioned in the reviews ... lasted 8-10 years though -RRB- .
 I finally wore out a family version of this that was over 100 years old . It was made of stamped galvanized metal and provided a lifetime of service . Trying to find a replacement was difficult , most models now are plastic , toy type tools . This model from HIC is very well made of stainless steel and appears to be built to last . This tool was never intended to provide volumes of grated cheese into a recipe , it was designed to deliver grated cheese over a individual dish or serving . Most of us , myself included , are guilty of buying bulk grated cheese , which can be full of fillers and who knows what else . It is not cheap and the flavor is good enough to make you not think about what your missing . Using this type of grater you can now purchase small chunks of more expensive , but excellent hard grating cheeses like real asiago , or romano . A small piece the size of 3-4 butter pats goes a long way in this grater . Wrap up the remaining chunk of cheese tightly in plastic wrap and it will last a long time , in fact if you can vacuum pack it , it will be almost immortal . How often do you reach for the grated cheese a month ? Why not enjoy the full flavor of these hardy grating cheeses in your cooking and leave the pre grated stuff for the teenagers at the local pizza joint .
 We looked high and low for a metal cheese grater because all the one 's we could purchase in kitchen accessory stores were plastic and eventually broke . This one has a simple construction , easy to clean and use and will last forever . We love it .
 I was hoping it would be bigger , its well made though.This one will sustain lots of use , our old one made of plastic broke pretty quick .
 HIC Stainless steel Rotary style Cheese Grater If you want an easy to clean and easy to use cheese grater totop out your salad or grate cheese for macaroni and cheese this is for you M G. . from Maine
 I purchased this grater after reading all the reviews about broken ones , this one did n't look as if it could break . It works very well , a little finer grate than I expected , but it is ok .
 Had two plastic rotary graters and they both broke . Read all the reviews for the SS ones and there were always bad marks . I got this one on the recommendation of the one guy that bought it before me and it rocks . Sent one to my sis for her birthday and she 's high maintenance and loves it . It does hard cheese . If you 're trying to grate velveta with it i ca n't help you .
 As near as I can tell , the negative comments on most rotary cheese graters are people who love their microplane graters but inexplicably tried a rotary model . Yes , with rotary models you need to cut you cheese into small chunks - that 's pretty much par for the course . This model has a decent-sized hopper and compared to my previous plastic model it seems like it will be much more durable . It 's easy to disassemble , can be assembled for right hand or left hand use , and provides ample leverage to make grating hard cheeses a snap.The only downside is evident from the picture , the grating barrel goes all the way through . I would have much preferred a closed end near the handle , this allows you to grate the cheese into the barrel and then dump it out at once . For small dishes rotary graters can be a little sloppy as rotating the crank causes it to wander around over the plate . Referencing the leverage comment above this model does n't suffer from the problem as much as my old one , but still something to consider.In short , if you want a * rotary * cheese grater this appears to be a very good model and a decent price . If you want a microplane , you wo n't be happy with any rotary grater .
 I have been looking for one of these graters for years . I thought they stopped making them , and only made plastic graters . I am thrilled to have this grater .
 It 's almost impossible to find a grater that 's NOT made of cheap plastic parts . So , when I saw this one made of stainless steel I bought it ! Just what I was looking for . Thanks !
 I 'm an old guy who loves cooking food for EATING - not food as a work of art . I like kitchen utensils which workand make cooking easier for me . This one meets all of my requirements . It 's sturdy , it 's easy to clean , andit actually does the job .
 It works great and is very sturdy . You ca n't get a better deal for the price . I purchased it for my boyfriend who is left handed and since it is interchangeable we both have no problems using it .
 This is a terrific item for seafood lovers . Make sure you have enough space to store this item . It is large .
 Even though this is made out of plastic , it is very sturdy . It attaches to the wall easily . Very good product
 Arrived a whole lot faster than I thought it would according to the tracking number , which was a pleasant surprise.I bought two of these to make a 1/2 circle for wall mounting.The material appears to be strong and sturdy and unlikely to break . Looks good too.I wish there would have been a template for the bracket mounting holes for the pairand the screws that come with the plastic brackets are WAY too small and short ... the screws are actually tiny and useless for attaching to drywall and I knocked off 1 star for that.I used my laser level to precisely mark the holes for the small brackets and it worked well . If youdo n't have a laser level , be prepared to do a lot of precise measuring with a ruler so the two halvesline up and are not crooked on the wall and expect to use longer thin screws -LRB- with slim shoulders ! -RRB- . Other than those issues , this is a very good cd rack and I recommend it . If you are NOT mountingon a wall , the included `` feet '' will probably serve you well .
 This is a wonderful set of TWO shelves . I found the directions a little vague , yet the shelves are fairly easy to put up . -LRB- It would be nice if there was a small hammer included -RRB- . I LOVE the lip around the front edge which prevents items from being accidentally knocked off ! I bought TWO sets and hung two on my side of the bed and two on hubby 's side . Sized perfectly for smaller items like a cordless phone handset , small alarm/clock , medicine bottles , charging cell PDA , or eyeglasses at night . Now I can ALWAYS find my glasses in the middle of the night . These shelves keep bedside table less cluttered .
 I shopped and shopped and compared and compared before buying a toaster oven . -LRB- It drove my husband nuts that I spent so much time on a 40-dollar item ... -RRB- I wanted something to cook small portions of things like fish sticks , pizzas , tater tots , etc. , without heating up the big oven . I finally settled on this B&D ; TRO910W model and am so pleased that I did . I have had it for about four months now , and it does the job perfectly . It comes with one wire rack that can be adjusted to two heights , plus a `` mini broiler pan '' -LRB- pan with a separate rack inside it w / holes to drain -RRB- and also a little handle-thingy that you use to remove the pan from the oven . This handle grabs the pan very securely and I have not burned my fingers once -LRB- and I saw on several other reviews of Black & Decker toaster ovens that this was an issue for some people , but I ca n't imagine why . -RRB- I do not use it for toast at all so I ca n't speak for that . The interior will hold a small pizza -LRB- no bigger than 10-inch diameter . -RRB- I have n't spilled anything yet and no toast crumbs so I have not had to clean it , but it seems like it would be easy -- it has a tray below that you pull out from outside the door to clean.As another reviewer noted , the picture Amazon has on here for the TRO910W is not what it actually looks like . It does have the curved front glass door as pictured , but there are only three large white plastic knob/controls -- one for toast darkness setting light-medium-dark , one is the timer -LRB- up to 60 min . -RRB- , and one selects between toaster or oven functions and also then sets the temperature if you select `` oven '' instead of `` toast . '' It has a light on the front that indicates when it is turned on . The only thing it lacks that I really miss is that there is no indicator to let you know when it has pre-heated to the proper temperature -- I wish it would `` ding '' or have a light that goes out like a waffle iron or something . As it is , I just watch it until the burners stop glowing and then I figure it must be pre-heated . I have not measured the temps with a thermometer but it seems to be accurate , and it preheats quickly enough for me -LRB- faster than the big oven anyway , which was my goal . -RRB- One other small thing about the appearance -- the color is not a true `` bright white , '' it is more like a very very light bisque , which turned out to be a perfect match in my kitchen as all my other appliances are bisque . It is very very close to white , though , and would be fine in a white kitchen -- it does n't look `` dirty '' or discolored or off-white . All in all , I 'm very pleased with this oven . There were many more I looked at that were way more expensive , but for forty bucks it does exactly what I need .
 Quite a few reviews of other B&D ; toaster ovens that were not so great , so warily I purchased this toaster oven . I love the look , the cooking temperature seems to work well , and the 60 minute timer is super . I have had the product for several weeks.Beware though ! The TRO910W is not what is pictured above . Google it and find the actual picture ... rounded front and three white knobs .
 THERE IS INCORRECT INFORMATION IN THE DESCRIPTION FOR THIS PRODUCT !! It says
 This is a great product . I use it remotley and read out its measured values using theHoneywell TM005X Wireless Indoor/Outdoor Thermo-Hygrometerreceiver base unit . This product performs as advertised and the battery life wildly exceeded my expectations . I 've used the unit outdoors in Michigan winter weather for over two months and have not yet had to replace the alkaline batteries . In one application , I needed to monitor the temperature inside a metal container . The radio signals coming from the device were apparently unable to penetrate the metal to get to the base receiver/display unit . However , this was solved with the temperature sensor probe . The probe was placed inside the metal container and the unit outside the container thus allowing its radio signals to travel unimpeded to the wireless base receiver/display unit . The enclosure of the unit appears to be very robust and the battery compartment has an o-ring gasket that should help keep out water/moisture . In my opinion , this device is a super value given the price .
 Durably constructed of appropriate materials with rubber sealing gaskets and brass and stainless steel hardware . Accepts long life lithium batteries . Accuracy ascertained with certified test instrumentation . Mounted outside my sheltered window in northern New York state in all seasons , all weather . Unaffected by heavy rain and snow . Readout could be a bit larger for old eyes but acceptable . Over many years , Honeywell has satisfied me with their products .
 When making cheese controling temperture is very important and the Honeywell TS33F with temperature and humidity sensor works terrific . It is very accurate . Takes all the guess work out .
 I have this probe and sensor outside so the base station reads outdoor temperature and indoor temperature . I have the base station and 2 sensors . It has been more than 1 year and the sensor and probe have worked flawlessy . They make great gifts for adult children and grandchildren . My granddaughter thinks I 'm brilliant because I know the temperature outdoors . -LRB- She is young enough to think grandfathers are wise . -RRB-
 Temp readings are pretty accurate when compared to other thermometers . Not so much with the humidity . The best part is the wireless hookup . Very easy and reaches a good distance .
 I did not purchase this seperately from the weather station that it came with but it worked great but is for indoor use only . I use it at a sliding glass door and keep it out direct sunlight and move it when the sprinklers come on.I will occasionly fail to talk to the weather station but I just pick it up and breath on it and rub it and it will come back to life and report data.I enjoy the product.Kevin .
 Nice set for a reasonable price . Holds up to our 90 lb dog and 2 1/2 year old playing near it . I use it in our living room to hold blankets , and it holds two queen comforters and a small throw blanket comfortably . Really cleans up my living room and matches the rustic look in our log home .
 It does look better on the picture as the color is a bit off and it appears a bit more neat and accurate on the photo . I still like it and it 's good enough for the price .
 Great buy ! I was searching for the same style hampers and every place had it for double , triple the price . It is definitely a great buy for the quality .
 Set looks just like what you see on screen . Great condition , cute product . That said , the hamper is tiny ! I 'm 5 ' 6 '' and it does n't even come to my knees . It 's a fairly full load of laundry , however , but I think it looks super tiny , and I 'm used to the plastic Rubbermaid hampers that can hold 2 + loads.Anyway , cute set and I would buy again .
 I already owned these shells and loved using them . My daughter-in-law loved them when I served them with Crab Imperial . I 've spent months checking the area at specialty kitchen stores for them but could not find them . I should have thought right away of Amazon ... I purchased them and gave them to my daughter-in-law along with the Crab Imperial recipe as a gift . They are so classy when used for company !
 Great for what we need them for . we cook alot of sea food . and the shells are great for that .
 Exactly what I wanted . Uniform shape , no chipped edges , bright color , impressive presentation for serving scallops . definitely would purchase again .
 The size and shape were as I expected them to be , however I was hoping they would have a more color to them .
 I bought this on clearance here at Amazon and am VERY impressed with the quality!Pros : Very powerful suctionVery quietAir-filtration actually makes your house smell better after you vacuum -LRB- seriously , I was amazed ! -RRB- Washable HEPA filter -LRB- save $ $ $ -RRB- Wide vacuum headEasy to reach hardwood floor setting -LRB- turns off beater-bar -RRB- Relatively light for the powerEasy to cleanLast but certainly not least
 I had been looking for a vacume cleaner for a while , trying to replace a old and noisy Hoover . Liked Dysons but just could n't pull the trigger on its $ 400 price tag . Got this unit with an unbeatable deal , and result was much more than I expected.It 's extremely light to push around , and it has a very wide track . Emptying the can is a snap , literally.Best of all , it is QUIET !!!! Now my dog no longer runs for his life when I start to vacume . : -RRB-
 I 've owned SHARP brand vacuums now for 6 years - and this one is the newest . I highly recommend them . I was a bit skeptical when the salesman at Circuit City recommended a Sharp vaccum cleaner to me , but it has proven to be the best one i 've ever owned ! They last forever and continue to work like they were new ! They are rock solid and excellent products . This one is VERY quiet , and works like a dream !
 Keep in mind that I am writing this review after one extensive use of the new vacuum . All I can say is WOW ! For the money , in fact for twice the price , this is a great vacuum . It is not quiet , by any means , but it is quiter than my expensive Sanyo upright that I have used hapily for 3 years . I have always been against bagless models since they are so messy to deal with , but this one seems much better than the usual bagless due to excellent design . In fact , the whole unit and all its features show excellent design considerations . Few tools on board make for simplicity , and they work well . The unit is powerful and works nicely on bare floors since the rotating brush is shut down . My Sanyo can not do that . It is nicer to look at than the picture indicates . Even if you do not need a vacuum , this is such a great deal , it is worth getting for gifts or just to have as a spare ... certainly one of the best deals ever on Amazon , my favorite store . I should mention also that it feels self-propelled when the beater bar is working -LRB- rug setting -RRB- .
 great vac very strong suction wife loves it hose is kinda short for attachments but we are super happy with perfomence we have a kirby nice but way to heavy and a pain to change bags
 I was comparing Bosch -LRB- around $ 170 - $ 200 -RRB- and this vacuum -LRB- around $ 50 - $ 75 -RRB- before I decided to buy this one . Both are good and Bosch has lot of nice features . But this vacuum is so light and easy to maneur while Bosch one is hard to push around.Pros
 We have 3 -LRB- actually 4 , but i do n't consider the ` shark ' a real vacuum of any use -RRB- vacuums in the house . One for each floor . Miele . . hoover , and this one . The sharp is lightweight , easy to put together . the one screw to put the handle on is kind of ghetto , but you get what you pay for . . it 's no multi hundred dollar miele!as for performance , it 's pretty powerful . easy to empty and it 's easy to see when it gets full . I find the on/off annoying as a foot activate item . i like on handle on/off . I also do not like the lever for putting the tilt function so the vacuum can be used for the floor.plasticky unit , but it makes it really light . seems to hold up to moderate use just fine .
 Like others who 've written reviews in the last couple of days , I bought this vacuum for an unbelievably good price -LRB- &#60; $ 50 -RRB- . I have been looking for a vacuum to replace an OLD eureka bag vacuum which still did an okay job -LRB- as far as I knew -RRB- but was sounding increasingly like a jetplane landing -LRB- and crashing -RRB- during use . Combined with the fact that we got a dog of moderate shedding proportions in July , I looked at numerous local places , including Sears , where I was told that you simply could n't get a &#34; nice &#34; vacuum for less than $ 100 . Boy , were they wrong ! This vacuum took about 5 minutes to put together out of the box -LRB- after being delivered in 4 days -RRB- . I plugged it in and away I went down our hallway . And did only the hallway before I stopped and emptied the dust container , which was about a third-to-half full . It was pretty disgusting in a satisfying way :-RRB- I could n't believe the amount of hair and dirt that came out of just the hallway . I then did part of the living room and bedroom , letting the dust collect more than halfway this time , though the rooms are n't terribly big . I am VERY impressed with the performance of this vacuum.-Not &#34; super &#34; quiet , but certainly bearable . Our dog attacks anything inanimate than comes toward her and looks like a broom or vacuum , so I ca n't judge by that :-RRB- but I could hear the TV at normal volume easily.-Cord length was more than adequate for our apartment -LRB- I 'm used to changing outlets once during a whole place sweeping -RRB- . - Have n't tried the extensions , but they look about the same as our old Eureka . The hose IS shorter compared , though.-I 'm used to a narrower sweeping path , so I find the wider one cumbersome , especially maneuvering around furniture , but it 's something I can get used to . There is a rubber &#34; bumper &#34; that I 'm certain will come in handy :-RRB- - Like another reviewer , I had problems hitting the power button and getting it to stay on , but after a couple of practices , I can hit it the first time -LRB- practice makes perfect -RRB- . The pedal to release the handle is also very &#34; soft &#34; compared to the &#34; snap &#34; of the old vacuum , but easy to get used to . The cord wrapping is a little awkward , but maybe I 'm just not doing it right.-Very sleek design , feels well made . The canister is VERY easy to release and empty and I 've never done it in my life before.-Combined with the fact that it 's powerful enough to suck out so much dog hair and dirt , I 'm very pleased after just one use . It remains to be seen if it continues to perform after many months , but I have high hopes.I have also found several websites that advertise as having sharp parts
 Pros
 The vacuum is good , picks up everything and my carpet and tile looks great after i use it . But the belt breaks alot , I bought 5 belts with the vac and in 1 year i had to replace the belt 2 times .
 I bought this vacuum aobut 2 month ago . Very prompt delivery . I opened the box and assembled it in less than 10 mins . There are only 2 or 3 parts that needed to put together , not 5 or 6 pieces.Pros : The noise level is unbelieveabley low.Excellent suction.Light as in weight.HEPA filter washable.Bagless.A good length of cord.Big on/off switch.Price is good.Cons : Lack of tools.Extension tool is short -LRB- I think you can buy a longer extension from Sharp . -RRB- For the price I paid -LRB- under $ 100 -RRB- this truly a great vaccum .
 This is my first Sharp vacuum and I could n't be happier . Its lite , very powerful , easy to use , and a great value . The dust cup is easy to empty , moves from bare floors to carpet with no adjustment . Love it !!!
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Needed to replace my 7 year old Hoover . My first bagless and I 'm loving it . Really powerful and quiet . Do n't have to scream and shout anymore while vacuuming and talking on the phone . Light weight , really easy to manuever . Cleans easily with washable filters except the carbon filter . Looks good too ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Excellent cleaning power and lightweight to boot ! Received a couple of days ago ... this is the best and quietest vacuum that we have owned .
 I have previously owned a 12AMP Dirt Devil vacuum and was comparison shopping for a replacement when I saw this on sale for $ 49 at Amazon . I just received it last Friday and happy to say that it is a great value for money . It has excellent suction power , is noticeably lighter , quieter and easier to manoeuver than my earlier vacuum . It is also going to be much less to maintain since it 's bagless and the filters -LRB- even the HEPA one -RRB- are washable .
 Got this when Amazon had one of their ` insanity ' -LRB- my term - do n't know how they make any money - but who 's complaining ? -RRB- sales for $ 50 shipped.The vacuum is solidly built , quiet , easy to use and judging by the collection of dust in the container , very good at cleaning.I like that the cost of ownership will be relatively low since the various filters and belts are inexpensive compared to my old Eureka.Pluses
 So far am I very happy with the vacuum . It operates pretty quiet for a vacuum , it is light -LRB- only 15lbs , or so the box says -RRB- , it 's easy to push around -LRB- almost seems to want to move on its own -RRB- , it 's nice and wide which makes the job quicker , and it 's easy to empty out -LRB- no bags ! -RRB- . My only complaint is that the cord could be longer . I did n't realize it , but my old vacuum must have had a monster long cord , because with this one I have to keep re-pluging it in . Other than that , I wish the frosted brown plastic was frosted grey or something , because it makes it look kinda dirty -LRB- even right out of the box -RRB- . But , that 's being picky and is only cosmetic.I got it for $ 59 , with free shipping and no tax . Great deal !
 I 've been using this machine for over 4 years and even today i took it out and said to myself that i would be wrong not to put up a review . excellent machine . i used to use a $ 700 upright bag less vacuum cleaner and i like this better over the $ 700 because it is much lighter and does a superb job of what it is meant for.i paid $ 150 when i bought it . money well spent . i do n't even care if it went bad tomorrow after all these years of faithful work . . !
 This product may not be available at this time , but a successor would be a good purchase.The machine is very quiet and easy to use . Lack of some tools are a disadvantage . But , if you want a vacuum that really works well , this is it.Remember , this is a bagless , so if emptying the cannister will cause allergy problems , I would not recomment it .
 This is a good buy . The filter traps odors and you can not wash it . But it picks up good and is easy to empty .
 After trying it for a week or so , I purchase one for my mother . Now I am back to purchase one more for my sister and they dont sell it anymore ? Why ?
 Pros
 Hello All , I just recieved this vacuum Today 9/15/04 !! -LRB- ordered it Fridday -RRB- and I must say it took me 3 minutes to put together . It is sturdy , yet light weight and as soon as I plugged it in I was amazed at the AWESOME SUCTION power it has !!!! We got it at an unbelievable price , $ 49.00 , and it is an Unbelievable VACUUM . . we are ordering another one for upstairs !!! : -RRB- GET ONE !! it is worth it . .
 Light weight , Quite , HEPA filter and good value product.Plus , Amazon shipments are really fast and free -LRB- + $ 25 and above -RRB- . Ordered this on Friday and on Monday morning it was at my doorstep . Great service
 Wow , I never thought I 'd write a review of a vacuum cleaner . This is a great vacuum ! It is very light -LRB- ~ 15lbs -RRB- which makes it much easier to maneuver than any other vacuum I 've ever used . It 's also got a removable dirt canister -LRB- no bags ! -RRB- and works great -- picks up stuff from the carpet I never knew -LRB- and did n't really want to know -RRB- was there . It * is * quiet for a vacuum , not quiet enough to watch TV or talk at a normal tone , but quiet enough to vacuum if someone 's sleeping in a room with the door shut . I definitely recommend it .
 I recently purchased this vacuum on Amazon and have been nothing but satisfied by it . At a price of 60 dollars you really ca n't go wrong ... I believe the price is now $ 75 but still a very good value . The machine itself light without sacrificing any sort of power . The onboard crevice and upholstery tools are right by your side when you need them -LRB- the hose could be a bit longer -RRB- . The machine almost feels as if it self propelled when you are using it due to the light weight combined with incredible suction . The hepa filter is washable -LRB- Saves $ $ $ -RRB- . I gave it only 4 stars because I know at some point the belt will break and I will have a difficult time finding a replacement . But for the price do yourself a favor and by this vacuum .
 I love this vacuum but I broke the belt and ca n't find a replacement locally or online . Can somebody point me to a source for parts for Sharp vacuums ????
 Was a very beautiful apple . Gave it to a teacher friend and she loved it . Good value for the product .
 Looking for a good way to let a teacher know she is appreciated ? Look no further . It is not that big , but it is NICE.Tasteful and classy without being too expensive , but still do n't show this off - it looks more expensive than it really is and you do n't want to get the teacher in trouble or have people think you are trying to buy grades . Just a nice thing to do for someone that deserves it .
 This was purchased as a present . It is quite heavy for its size and seems to be durable . As another reviewer said , the top of the apple is flat rather than indented or rounded , but if you look closely at the picture on the item 's page , you 'll see the flatness . I do not see that it detracts from the item , although it might have been nicer with a slightly different design.I believe it looks better in person than on the picture , which has the facets very clear due to the lighting and closeup .
 My kitten had broken the crystal apple I had had before I bought this one . And I was looking for a replacement . I love the new one ; it 's a little larger than the old one and the gold leaf and stem add a little more color .
 Crystal Apple looks really cute and sweet ! I really liked it and its one of best collection of crystal I have collected till now . It really looks great and i would certainly recomend for people who like to collect different types of crystal and the quality is great too and the price is just perfect !
 first i will say you get what you pay for . this is cheap in price and it comes with cheap parts but i holds alot of DVD 's . i have over 500 DVDs my self and i probably have about 400 stuffed in this one , -LRB- i have some is thin DVD cases to make room -RRB- this works great but as i said it is cheap . it goes together simply but you do not want to mess up on construction . after you sink the screws in you better not have to take them out or they are not going to hold right . what you will want to do is go out and buy youself a bottle of elmers probond glue or gorrila glue -LRB- i used proband on mine but gorrilla glue works great also -RRB- you will want to run a bead of glue on every conection . i cover the screws the pegs every unfinished edge , everything . also it comes with some super glue but that is completely worthless cause you will use it up before it even starts to look like a DVD Case . you will want to glue everything and then let it set over night . the shelves on the doors need glued on or they will never stay . also i got different screws for holding on the doors cause i did not think it came with enough . each hindge only uses two but there is holes for three so i just sunk anouther one in each.ok on to how this looks , it has two shelves on the inside that can fit one dvd long on one . the doors have shelves that attach to them with plastic sides . they also come with a metal wire bar to keep the DVDs on the door . works great with DVD 's and Bly rays dont put VHS on it cause they never seem to fit right . the lock that comes with each door pretty much just makes it close better . it would be absolutlly worthless keeping people out cause if you fumble with the door enough even a locked lock will pop open . also you could jsut pull the screws out of the bracket no problem . so i just keep the keys in it and use the locks to close it . thats all they are good for . the directions are strait forward but you will need help atleast acouple times , i had the wife hold some pannels straight while i screwed in others.Shipping took forever and costs almost as much as the product but price even with shipping is cheaper then most DVD cases that hold less DVD 's then this one.overall i love it , it looks nice and it holds alot of DVD 's . if you need alot of space get this one .
 These plates are amazing ! The quality is exceptional and the variety of both shape and pattern is stunning . Considering the price -LRB- under $ 12.00 at the time -RRB- and the fact that they are made in England makes this an unbeatable deal . I am planning to use them with my Spode Blue Italian and Blue Room items for a surprising splash of color at desert time . I highly recommend these plates !
 I just bought three sets of these plates and I 'm really happy with them . They are n't as high end as some other Spode dishes , but they are worth the price . These are dishwasher and microwave safe , and a perfect size for serving dessert . The only caution is that they are more orange in color than red .
 We have been looking for supplements to the few Spode Indian Red plates that we have . I was over joyed not only to find them on Amazon -LRB- I usually have only used Amazon for books -RRB- but to find them at a reasonable price . On arrival they were well packed , arrived much faster than we had imagined and were in perfect condition . It was like Christmas ! They were truly in pristine condition . I will use Amazon again .
 These plates are very enjoyable to look at , with a variety of patterns that compliment each other . I have more than one of these salad/sandwich size plate sets from Spode , and have never tired of looking at them . They come in a very nice blue box , with Spode embossed on it in gold , which makes a beautiful presentation for a gift . I use them for everyday , but they could be hung on a wall for a nice effect , or as I did , set my favorite in a rosewood plate holder stand and put on my mantelpiece . If this pattern were made in a dinner plate , it would be wonderful to have some of those as well . You ca n't go wrong with these lovely dishes!Spode Home Accents Collection 9-Inch Accent Plates , Set of 4 - Indian Red
 I am extremely pleased with the quality , particularly given the price . The photographs do justice to the nice designs on the plates , although as noted in other reviews , the plates are more of an orangey-red than red . Beautiful and practical . Sturdy enough to use and really lovely .
 We bought 3 sets of 4 plates for Thanksgiving . They look terrific , and they 're a great size for dessert , salad or tapas.The 85 % off sale price was probably the most exciting part.My only complaint is that the pattern is n't perfect on the plates , i.e. the pattern is either shifted or rotated relative to the plate , hence 4 stars instead of 5 . All in all , a great deal .
 These plates are classy - beautiful colors and beautifully made . I bought 2 sets of 4 plates at a great clearance price , and when they arrived and I saw how nice they were , I immediately went back on to order more , but the price had gone up . These plates are just the right size for a brunch or luncheon . We 've used as dinner plates , but they are smaller than normal dinner plates . I love the variety in the design and shape - quite unique !
 I bought a set in Yorkshire , England . I liked them so much that I bought two sets for presents on line in the States . They cost twice as much in the United Kingdom.The sets I ordered were a lot duller and not so ` crisp ' paint wise ... not the same vibrancy as the originals ones . I was sent a duplicate plate ... two of the same in one box .
 They have good quality , I even did n't expect it . BUT the color is too red-orange .
 these are beautiful , very nice quality . distinctive pattern and shape . price keeps changing , i got my set for under $ 20 . highly recommended .
 These plates are very pretty as gifts . I bought a few sets to give to my friends .
 I bought this griddle to replace a non-stick one that we have owned for years . My husband had heard so many things about the dangers of the chemical coatings entering food that he really wanted us to get rid of all our pots and pans and go to something `` safer '' . I had to admit that all my `` coated '' pans had deteriorated and been replaced many times because the coating just does not last ... So , we decided to try stainless steel , even though my prior experiences with it years ago had meant sticky surfaces , uneven cooking and hard to clean.The CHEF 'S SECRET is a great , heavy-duty stainless griddle that is actually easy to clean -LRB- with a brillo or scrubber -RRB- and it cooks even better than the pans I have used in the past , including the non-sticks . You do have to have a good coating before cooking to avoid sticking , but we like olive oil and that seems to work well in addition to being good for you.It has a nice heft to it and solid construction and I love having a lid available , particularly a glass one to keep an eye on the food.I HIGHLY recommend this griddle for its abilities , construction and style !
 I 'm not a fan of non-stick cookware or aluminum cookware . So the choices for pancakes are limited to stainless steel or cast-iron . I looked into purchasing a cast-iron griddle at a local store . It was a really nice piece . However , I did n't feel confident that I 'd have the time to keep the iron `` seasoned '' to prevent it from rusting . Since this unit was double the price of the cast-iron griddle , I 'd been eying it for a while , but hesitant to pull the trigger . Well I finally did.First thing I noticed when I opened the box , is that this unit is very heavy , and seems well constructed . The instructions say to wash it before using , so I had to wait a day before trying it . I used cooking spray about 2 times for 15 + pancakes . It heats evenly on the stove and I was able to fit 3 pancakes at a time with ease . I was using a 12 inch fry pan before which only allowed one pancake at a time . Cleanup required steel wool , but not much elbow grease . I am definitely pleased with this purchase .
 OMG , I have been trying to hold off on righting a review because I appreciate review from people who have really spent some time using the product to find out long term how they hold up . I bought in Jan. 2010 and love it !!! I can not say enough good about it . Perhaps a little large for some people but that does n't bother me at all . I cook one person meals on it all the time and like knowing I have room to cook more for company . It never sticks , everything cooks fast and even , clean up is a breeze . Have made eggs , pancakes , chicken , stir fry and grilled cheese on it . It is beautiful , substantial and versatile . Not one complaint . This will last a lifetime and then some . Just what I wanted , something to have and I need never look for another ever . I would give as gift -LRB- but if smaller size available that would be more appropriate for some -RRB- . Love It !!!!!
 This stainless steel griddle is a very good value . I received it in good condition . It has an aluminum encapsulated bottom which is clad in magnetic stainless steel . This allows it to function on an induction cooktop . The griddle has riveted handles and heats/browns uniformly with no hot spots . The glass cover allows you to keep food warm or steam cook foods like sausage and hotdogs while simultaneously browning . The griddle can double as a serving tray if cleaned thorougly after cooking . It 's easy to clean . It is decently made and has a good appearance without the `` arm and a leg '' price of more prestigious cookware .
 So , I was tired of making pancakes in my small frying pan where I had to do one at a time ... This allows me to make 3 small pancakes -LRB- or 2 medium -RRB- at a time with a few small sausages cooking to one side . I like that it 's all stainless steel and that there 's no teflon coating to worry about . Also , it does retain its heat , so once it 's hot you can cook the pancakes faster ... The only thing I have to mention is that the original price listed was over $ 100 , and the final price was so discounted to around $ 35 that it seemed like such a bargain . Well , it 's a bit of false advertising . The box it comes in is one of those with infomercial graphics spinning one of those sales pitches like , `` MSRP $ 100 ... but you get it for only $ 35 ! '' It 's true value is between $ 30-45 , given the prices on similarly priced pots at a discount homeware place in NYC last week .
 It took a while to figure out how to cook pancakes on this griddle but now it is good product , for a good price . We spray it with high temperature Pam , although other products may do as well , and give it a long warm up at medium heat . After that we get good cakes and fairly easy clean up . If you over heat it clean up is a tough go .
 We have only owned this griddle for a couple of days , but I can already tell that it 's going to be a more or less permanent fixture on our stove . It 's nice and heavy , so it heats up evenly . It 's shallow enough that you can use your spatula easily , even near the edges , and it has enough room for three normal size pancakes . I would n't hesitate to recommend this item .
 makes golden brown pancakes on medium setting , and light spray to start and no sticking , bacon and eggs cook good too , use it alot
 My order arrived quickly . I gave the pan as a gift and have n't heard how the recipient likes it , but it looked fine upon arrival .
 I would recommend this to a friend . Cooks well for a stainless steel pan . It does n't stick much at all .
 The larger bowls are great for mixing salads , etc. and have plastic lids for storing in refrigerator . the 3 smaller bowls are also great for storing or serving .
 Used for first time to make pancakes , it was terrific . Plan to use for many different thing in future .
 We purchased this griddle to use on our induction cooking range . Any item for induction cooking has to be good and flat and have magnetic properties in the bottom -LRB- iron or steel work best -RRB- . This skillet is ideal . We clean it with a paper towel and warm soapy water and that is all . After every use we put a coating of cooking oil on it so that it is ready for the next use . I highly recommend this griddle for anyone with induction cooking or any other kind of heat source .
 I love this griddle . I use it all the time . Here are two things I 've learned .1 . Make sure the surface is well lubricated before cooking .2 . For easy clean up , while the griddle is still hot , pour on one cup of hot water and let it sit for about 30 min.The very best stainless steel cooking piece I 've ever owned .
 I have been looking for a stainless griddle pan to replace the nonstick for a while . Bloomingdale 's had a Calphalon similar to this one , but it was over $ 100 . Although this does n't compare to the quality of the Calphalon , it 's an affordable option . This is a heavy stainless pan , and the lid can be used on other pots and pans . Be careful to fully read the instructions , as there is a protective coating on the pan to protect it while shipping . This has to be thoroughly washed with soap and vinegar to remove it , or the pan can permanently discolor . The pan heats evenly on an electric range set to just below medium , and holds the heat throughout cooking . I use a light spray prior to using , and the pan cleans up easily with soap and water . The clean design gives the option of an attractive serving platter for hot or cold appetizers . Chill the tray in the fridge for cold items , or warm for hot .
 I bought this in search of something to make bacon in that would last forever and be easy to clean . I wanted a griddle with a lid . My experience with Teflon pans has been that over time they wear out by having the Teflon peel off and the pan cooking unevenly because it gets warped . I also tried a carbon steel wok - it was the worst pan I had ever bought . It cooked great but was terrible to clean and looked worse everytime I used and cleaned it . I figured I would give this a try based on all the great reviews it got . I am sold on good stainless steel , the bacon turned out great and I went on You Tube and watched a video on how to clean the pan so it looked brand new again . Put water in the pan , boil it for a bit to loosen stuck on food , move it into the sink -LRB- I let it cool a bit -RRB- , sprinkle some Bar Keeper 's Friend in it and let it soak for about 10 min . Using a sponge gently scrub pan and viola - it is clean and shiny and the stuck on marks left by the bacon are gone ! For non-stick they say just put oil in the pan and heat it up so it has a slippery coating before you cook . I am looking forward to cooking plenty more items in my robust pan that does n't peel over time and that looks brand new everytime I clean it .
 A great product for the price . I recommend this for everyone . I really do . It fits perfectly on my convection stove
 This is a high-quality griddle . Its mass and weight conduct heat well . Because it heats evenly and quickly , it does an excellent job on bacon ~ makes it perfectly crisp . It cleans up easily . The handles stay cool . And , because of its elegant design , if I put the lid on and leave it on the range top , it looks nice !
 I have known for years the dangers of aluminum and non-stick cookware . A month ago my husband and I switched out all our `` bad '' cookware for stainless steel . This stainless steel griddle was what we purchased to replace a non-stick one we 'd had for years . I really like it ! One , it looks fantastic . Two , it is very sturdy and well constructed . Three , it works great for grilled cheese and pancakes -LRB- the 2 things we 've used it for so far -RRB- . Four , it is easy to clean . And five , great price . It also would make a really nice serving tray . I highly recommend this griddle to others .
 I did n't see this ; I had it sent as a gift along with the CucinaPro 1454 . The recipients assured me it was packaged well and that it is a beautiful , well made , heavy piece with no scratches or cracks -LRB- I asked them to look carefully -RRB- . They said they would be using it for crowds since they entertain frequently . They grow their own food organically , and like cooking with stainless steel . I was happy they seemed pleased , and if I cooked more often , would order one for myself - especially at this price !
 I bought the Chef 's Secret griddle to use with our new ceramic glass electric range-top because the maker has advised against using aluminum utensils on it . The griddle is very attractive ; it is well made and heats uniformly . We have only used the utensil to make pancakes so far and it did a great job . I am sure that grilled sandwiches are going to come out well too . The griddle should also work well with meats and vegetables , but any stainless steel cooking surface is likely to cause sticking with potatoes and other high starch foods . Fry your hash browns in a non-stick skillet -- save the Chef 's Secret griddle for pancakes , carmelizing onions and browning sausages.The griddle is probably a bit overpriced , but not by much . I have no idea what the nice glass lid that came with the griddle is supposed to be used for . Maybe I am missing something .
 I won one of these from hosting a cooking show . I cooked bacon on it this morning . it did an excellent job nothing was brunt and the bacon didnt shrivel up next to nothing . after I saw all this brunt on food -LRB- grease -RRB- and though there is no way this is going to come off easly . well i ran hot water and a soapy wash clothe over it and it came out super clean . The griddle did look a little bit duller afterwards . SO i just used some bar keepers friend and it was shiny again .
 OMG , I have been trying to hold off on righting a review because I appreciate review from people who have really spent some time using the product to find out long term how they hold up . I bought in Jan. 2010 and love it !!! I can not say enough good about it . Perhaps a little large for some people but that does n't bother me at all . I cook one person meals on it all the time and like knowing I have room to cook more for company . It never sticks , everything cooks fast and even , clean up is a breeze . Have made eggs , pancakes , chicken , stir fry and grilled cheese on it . It is beautiful , substantial and versatile . Not one complaint . This will last a lifetime and then some . Just what I wanted , something to have and I need never look for another ever . I would give as gift -LRB- but if smaller size available that would be more appropriate for some -RRB- . Love It !!!!!
 I was tired of purchasing those non stick griddles and throwing them away in a year or two . They either had been scratched or had a buildup of grease and were disgusting . I also did n't like how the handles stacked with the other items in my pan `` drawer `` This beautiful pan cleans up nicely . Cooks nicely.So beautiful it could double as a tray.When I saw the price I took a chance . We have been using it for about two months now and are still delighted with our purchase .
 I 've used this griddle twice , and so far , I 'm extremely pleased with it . First I made a sausage , egg and cheese bagel breakfast sandwich . I cooked an egg , sausage , and bagel all at the same time , there was plenty of room . I just used very low heat -LRB- on my ceramic top stove with heat settings from 1 to 9 , I used 2 1/2 -RRB- and let the pan warm up before coating it with cooking spray . Nothing stuck on . The egg cooked nicely with no scorched edges . Clean up was a breeze . Next I cooked pancakes . Again with low heat , allowing warm up time and a coating of cooking spray . Pancakes cooked great with no sticking . This griddle is quite large , but it heats evenly . The handles do n't get hot .
 We have used this griddle now dozens of times and it was well worth the money . We recommend it to everyone looking for a stainless steel griddle !
 Oh my gosh , this is the best I have ever used . I run a house for elderly ladies and I cook 3 meals a day . This griddle is so great , not only does it cook everything , evenly and quickly , but with the heat off and the lid on it keeps the food warm . I recommend it to everyone .
 I received this griddle as a gift , and I have never been more pleased . It heats more evenly than any other griddle on the market -- you can literally use every inch of space and expect the same results , even if your burner is not exactly the same size as the griddle . It also cleans up beautifully and easily . I have made pancakes and french toast so far . I highly recommend this griddle ; it is well worth the price.The handles do get just a little hot after awhile , so be careful . Also , unlike with other pans that `` radiate '' heat that you can feel with your hand , this pan will not `` feel '' hot -- and it will heat up quickly -- so test with a little water first or it will get too hot on you .
 If you love cooking with stainless and you are looking for a great griddle , this is definitely the one . Came with a glass lid to use as well . Heats evenly , very durable , and works great for heaty breakfasts of pancakes , sausage , and eggs .
 Nice little griddle . When you unbox it though , you need to wash it before using it just like the instructions instruct . They advise to use vinegar and detergent to take off the industrial oils from manufacturing or it will leave a permanent brown stain . I have only stainless steel pots , so the secret to using this type of surface is to heat it slowly with a low temperature for about 5 minutes with your oil on the surface . I have gas , so I am unsure how it works with electric burners . But once you have a even low temperature , then it will work just like a non stick surface . It cooks the best pancakes and sausages .
 I love this griddle . Like most people here , I am in the final stages of dumping the old non-stick cookware . This griddle heats up evenly and quickly . It is large so if you do n't have storage , you should know that . I have cooked tortillas , ham , peppers and all kinds of things on it . The glass lid is great for keeping your food warm -LRB- such as tortillas -RRB- . I had no problems -LRB- as previously mentioned -RRB- with it being at all lopsided . I have a glass stove and it sits perfectly level.Clean up has been a breeze . I 'm very happy with it .
 I like the other reviewer was afraid I would think this was too Big!I 'd rather cook in this than anything!I LOVE it ! ... I actually just purchased 4 more !
 I saw this type of item at a state fair and it was ridiculously priced . When I saw it on Amazon I just had to try it and am glad I did . It is `` pretty much '' nonstick . I do use a spray oil for most things but find it very useful and handy . It is large and a little on the heavy side -LRB- which is probably good -RRB- but if you 're elderly it might not be easy to handle . Overall , I 'm quite happy with it.BTW , this is made in China , the one at the fair was USA made -LRB- I think -RRB- but not sure if that matters as the other one was 100-200 bucks . Ca n't remember exactly , but exorbitant .
 This griddle is not only beautiful , it is a pleasure to cook with . It cleans easily and seems to keep it 's shine . I forgot and left it on a hot stove , which caused food to stick . While it was still hot I poured some water into it and by the time it was cool , nothing was stuck and it cleaned easily . I think this pan at this price would be appreciated in any kitchen
 This griddle is GREAT ! Heats evenly . Lid is a plus to keep things warm . Amazon had best price and delivery was quick . I 'd buy again .
 O \ I have used this product for over a year and have been very satified with this Griddle . It is very easy to clean -LRB- a little warm water and soap -RRB- and it wipes clean , no need for an abrasive '' ` excellent product and at a great price .
 This was a gift and the recipient , who is a chef , said it has become one of his favorite personal utensils at home .
 This is so much nicer than you can tell by a picture ! It is extremely heavy and the etching is lovely . Well worth the price . I purchased this for a wedding shower gift and am thoroughly pleased with it .
 Basket was excellent and as beautiful as described . Received right on time to be used for our 50th wedding anniversary celebration . Thank you so much .
 I have this figurine and have given several as gifts to friends who have lost pets . Like all of Jim Shore 's work it 's absolutely beautiful in its detail . Mine is on our bookshelf next to the cremains of our beloved golden retriever mix , Jake . I work at my church and when our receptionist lost her dog I bought this for her and it gave her a great deal of comfort . Beautiful addition to a room .
 Very detailed and gorgeous ! So appropriate for those in your life that are animal lovers that have a strong belief in their faith . This was a gift for a good friend of mine but I loved this piece so much that I hope to get one for myself .
 This is an absolute beautiful figurine of St. Francis and all the little animals.The coloring and craftmanship is first rate . Item arrived quickly and is reasonably priced.Great gift for all animal lovers like me !
 Received this as a Christmas gift , and we LOVE it !! The crafmanship in this design is beautiful ! And I love how there 's also a silver cross hanging from this figurine !!! SOOOO glad I added it to my wish list !!! It 's JUST BEAUTIFUL !!!
 This is my favourite figurine . It has wonderful colours and detail . The pictures do not do it justice . Very pleased with my purchase .
 My Mom collects these and the St. Francis was a beautiful addition to her collection . The shipping was prompt and the product is what I expected .
 The colors are beautiful and it is a very nice piece . I have several Jim Short pieces that I put out during the holidays , and it looks really good .
 I originally bought this scale for monitoring the weight gains of hatchling geckos -LRB- inside plastic cups , not touching the scale -RRB- , but when I started dieting this little scale kept finding its way into the kitchen and my purse . Though it wo n't go over 7oz , I can just weigh 2 halves of a baked potato at a time , etc , and most single serving things are n't / should n't be that heavy anyway . I 've had it for almost a year and it really is wonderful , little , and accurate . My only wish is that it would have an automatic off after being idle for a while , I killed a battery once that way when I closed its cover and put it away .
 I purchased the set of 2 along with the rack topper approximately one year ago . We are a family with 2 young boys who throw their backpacks on top and none-to-gently shove their shoes into the racks . It has not come apart or broken in any way . The shelves do not offer much clearance , but it is fine for kids ' shoes and adult sandals in the summer . We had to add felt pads to the bottom because it scratched the wood floors in our mudroom . I do like the rack , it looks nice , but it is a bit pricey .
 Well made . A little pricey . Note that you get 2 shelves total -LRB- not 2 sets of 2 -RRB-
 I purchased this saute pan knowing what a useful size it is for sauteing entire meals for my family . -LRB- Previously , I used a T-fal nonstick pan of the same size . After realizing how dangerous Teflon is even if it does n't chip , I replaced my old T-fal cookware with Cuisinart Multiclad . -RRB- I like to load up my sauteed dishes with plenty of vegetables , and this pan allows me to throw in plenty ... a typical meal might consist of a pound of chicken or Italian sausage , red potatoes , fresh garlic and onions , and plenty of whatever veggies I have on hand ... eggplant , broccoli , kale , cherry tomatoes , baby spinach , whatever ... it all fits easily into the 5 1/2 - quart saute pan ! With Multiclad 's even heat distribution , everything cooks beautifully with no `` hot spots . `` I am so impressed with theCuisinart Multiclad 12-Piece Cookware Set , I really recommend it to anyone who wants to cook more healthfully for your family . I 've found it to be every bit as non-stick as my old Teflon -LRB- tip
 i bought a 10pc set and this was an investment that 's for sure ... pans fry nicely , but i ca n't say it 's made me a better chef!tips
 We were looking to move away from nonstick surfaces and back to basic stainless steel interior cooking surfaces . At the same time , we wanted the improved heat transference from aluminum or copper or some such metal.These pots fit the bill perfectly . And at a good price.Plus we love the color and that that are n't super heavy . There 's just enough aluminum on all the clad surfaces , but without becoming too heavy.We 've bought 2 other major Cuisinart Multiclad Unlimited pieces as well and love those , too.A great bargain .
 I love the size of the cuisinart skillet and it cleans up easily.Recommend this to anyone .
 My husband bought this for me almost a year ago and it is so beautiful and comfortable I love it . It is also easy to wash to . It is such a comfy silk satin feel in a beautiful pink and floral appliqu&eacute; . It is the only bedding I use now .
 I love this comforter set . It is so big , soft , warm and pretty . It was exactly what I wanted .
 This is the handiest little scale ! I was on the HCG diet and had several meals away from home . Anyone who has been on this diet knows that eating the right foods in specific quantities is the key to success . This little scale fit in my purse , was unobtrusive to use , and kept me from making some serious mistakes in what `` seemed '' to be the right quantities and what actually where.I like the multiple options for weight values also . I can see many future uses for this scale in addition to keeping food weights honest .
 I needed a scale that measures in milligrams . Not for jewelry and other such items , but to weigh tiny wildlife where a one gram weight gain equals nearly 30 percent of the animal 's entire body weight . So it is important to get more accurate weight measurements . This scale is absolutely perfect for my needs . I can weigh baby birds to make sure they 're gaining properly , I 've also been able to chart a baby mouse 's progress from 3.4 grams to 3.6 grams which means she was eating properly . No more guesswork with such teensies , love it!The only reason I took off a star is that the unit needs to be pried open and has cost me two fingernails already . Maybe the manufacturer can fix that , then it 's a solid 5 star .
 The piece is described well and look exactly as pictured . I am sure my Aunt will love to add to her collection .
 I had purchased this sofa , after seeing it firsthand in a furniture store in Chicago . The price was right . I bought it through Amazon for almost $ 500 less than I could have gotten it from the store . Shipping costs were actually cheaper ordering this sofa from California , than it was to get it delivered to New York from Chicago . Most importantly , I LOVE my sofa !
 This kitchen utensil is one of my very favorite ! It works just like a pair of scissors . It cuts carrots and cucumbers easily and most other vegetables too in no space at all . . with no bulky cutting board . When cutting tomatoes , you just need to move the blade back and forth slightly through the outsides to cut perfect slices . I can take it camping or on the patio -LRB- or even into the living room while watching tv so I wo n't miss a thing ... just have a salad bowl under the tomatoes and a paper towel to dry your hands . -RRB- LOVE IT , LOVE IT , LOVE IT !!!
 The clever Cutter Pro works better then clamed , It cuts any thing you can get under the blade like it was warm butter . I ' v cur carrets And stakes and many things inbetween . I even used it to thin slice summer sausage . WOW this wirks and I was amazied !
 These candles smell AMAZING , and the element stones included are awesome . However , I think they are a bit over-priced for their size . The candles are quite small .
 These Veratex Corinthia 330-thread count sheets are more comfortable than any I 've ever owned . I just bought extra sets for the future !!
 My husband bought this for me almost a year ago and it is so beautiful and comfortable I love it . It is also easy to wash to . It is such a comfy silk satin feel in a beautiful pink and floral appliqu&eacute; . It is the only bedding I use now .
 I love this comforter set . It is so big , soft , warm and pretty . It was exactly what I wanted .
 Excellent filter , installed on output of water softener . This is my second whole house filter . I installed a HF-360 ten years ago on the input of my water softener and when the softener broke down I needed additional safety for the water output and wanted to match the unit I had . This unit came with a 5 micron filter which is what I was looking for . The units are hard to keep from leaking on fittings when first installing but when getting them to stop they are very good . My older unit is 10 years old and has no problems . Always put vacuum grease on O-ring .
 I installed one of these into my whole house water system about a month ago . We are on a well and have a lot of sediment that was clogging up the filters of our washing machine and on demand hot water heater . It was very easy to install . I used 3/4 '' Gator Bite connectors , as it was difficult to find the regualar compression fittings around here . It leaked a little bit at first , but I slowly tightened the fittings as well as used teflon tape and it is not an issue at all now . The clear housing is great as we can easily monitor the condition of the filter . The filter is now brown due to all of the sediment and there are particles on the bottom of the housing . It is nice to know that we are no longer putting that sediment into our appliances . I highly recommend it as it is cheap , effective , and easy to install .
 Our home water is supplied by a personal well that unfortunately comes with some brownish sediment that discolors the water and makes it taste a little too much like minerals . Completely harmless , but not very pretty , especially for company . Previously I had been looking into expensive water softeners or whole house filters in the $ 200 + range . Thankfully I found this little guy for $ 32 and a two pack of 20 micron filters for another $ 7 -LRB- so cheap ! -RRB- . It took about 5 minutes to install and only required two $ 0.50 threaded adapters to hook the filter into my main CPVC line from the pump . I also put two $ 0.15 pipe clamps on either side of the filter to keep the pipe from wobbling too much when changing the filter , although I probably could have left them off and still been fine , the filter is pretty light weight even when filled . I did n't need to run additional electrical lines , drain hoses , shutoff valves or any of the other stuff required by the more expensive filtering systems , which made me happy.It 's been a week now , water is crystal clear . I like that I can see the filter through the casing , currently it has a light brown tinge so I know it 's working . Since the water has been so clear I think I 'll be sticking with the cheaper and longer lasting 20 micron filters , they 're supposed to last 4 months or 16,000 gallons , putting my total filtration costs at a cool ~ $ 12 a year.I could n't be happier !
 Just like the other reviewers pointed out ; the filter leaks a bit after installation . I solved my main issue by installing teflon tape around the bowl threads . The other leaks sealed themselves which were miniscule at worst .
 I hooked this up to catch the rust and whatever other sediments are in the water that we are drinking . It is also installed before our 4 gallon portable water heater the help stop contaminates from ruining the heating element . So far the inline filter is working amazing . It has heavy sediments on the bottom of the filter housing every time I go to change the filter which is every 4 weeks . We can start to see are housing area start to change colors after about a week.We are very happy with this purchase !
 I am generally a frugal guy and thought about getting a cheaper filter housing of the same brand . However , I am very pleased that I purchased this filter housing with the clear case and easy shut-off valve . It makes it very easy to get a visual clue as to how much sediment is in the housing and the valve make changing the filter very simple , without making a mess .
 This is fairly easy to install . It prefilters incoming -LRB- well water -RRB- and strains out sediment from the water supply . Culligan makes several kinds of filters that slip inside the filter housing . The filters are rated by microns . The higher the filtration desired , the higher the price per filter . The filter housing is clear so one can see the water and the condition of the filter . Generally , the filter begins to turn brown from iron and other minerals , and after several weeks or months , the filter is changed -LRB- the interval depends on the content of the water supply -RRB- . It is easy to change the filter . I turn off the water supply -LRB- before the filter -RRB- , run a faucett to release internal pipe pressure , and then unscrew the clear housing from the cap with the plastic wrench supplied . The old filter is discarded , and the new filter set in place . Tighten the housing with the wrench and turn on the water supply . Place a bowl or trash can under the filter housing when unscrewing to prevent water from dripping onto the floor.There are not too many places where a prefilter such as this for well water is NOT needed . Most well water has particulates , such as iron , that will collect in water lines , water heater , dishwasher , etc. if not removed . The filtered water then goes into a conditioning unit to remove the mineral content and produce clear water that wo n't stain sink basins , showers , etc. -LRB- Kinetico makes a really good house water conditioner . It is a bit more expensive than its chief competitor , Culligan , but it uses less salt , requires no electricity , and filters on-demand rather than a set time schedule . -RRB- konedog
 Works just exactly like it should and easy to install . The filter itself should last for thousands of gallons as I only filter for sediment .
 I dreaded installing this after reading some of the other reviews , especially since I have little mechanical ability . However , in less than 30 minutes I had my old Omni Filter out and this new one in . It does n't leak and it keeps my water free of the pesky granite dust that used to come out of my faucets . Just changed filters for the first time today and it was a snap . I also really like the clear plastic , so I can see when the filter needs a change .
 Quick shut is nice for emptying filter . I 've only had this hooked up for about a month , but so far very good . Was able to clean a lot of sediment from the water .
 It is a very good product . Easy to install and clear so you can easily check when to change filter . Water turnoff on top in order turn off water to replace filter . Great ! Product
 The HF-30 is a great all purpose water filter housing . It has an on/off valve at the top , and standard 3/4 '' inlet and outlet . It comes with a tool for removing the sump to change filters . You can use whichever type and level of filter you desire for it . It uses a standard 10 '' filter and there are many of them on the market -LRB- both cheap and expensive ones -RRB- . I 'm using carbon .5 micron filters -LRB- which I change every 6 months -RRB- and the water tastes great . The housing does not come with an installation bracket , but I designed one myself rather easily . I bought two HF-360s -LRB- one for under the kitchen sink , and one for the refrigerator -RRB- , and am very happy with them .
 I have the 2 big tanks in my storage room that is unheated . Last winter the plastic stopper that allows you to bypass the filter broke off and I had to have both replaced . Is there any accessory available to put over the housing to keep form freezing up ?
 I bought this at a local hardware because I was having a plumbing `` emergency '' and wanted it immediately . Of course , it cost me about $ 6.00 more than Amazon . Anyhow , since I was replacing an old Omni filter unit that had cracked , this Culligan install was easy . Instructions were clear and complete . It is made of heavy duty plastic ... heavier than my previous model . Has built-in shut-off with pressure release button . Does not have a bypass mode like my old one , however not something I used often . This unit does not include a filter -LRB- $ 6-8 for a two pack -RRB- nor does it include fittings which will add another $ 8-10 . I think Culligan would be wise to include at least the filter for this price . I actually use this unit as a pre-filter for a UV light/5 micron filter combo and have been using Culligan filters for years . Typically use theCulligan CW-F Sediment Replacement Cartridge Polypropylene Cord-Wound , 10 Micron , 12,000 Gallon Capacity , 2-Pack . Have been pleased with this filter in removing sediment from our well water while maintaining a good flow rate and decent life .
 A great filter for the price naught mine at walmart . Works great . 2 years no problems no leaks installed easy . Used plumbers tape to hold up not that I needed it . Only thing it does n't get all the iron taste out . But when ur using for whole house who needs too ?
 I put one of these in my house 9yrs ago and it works great . My sister needed one , so I got it from amazon because of the price . Easy to put in and use .
 Works great ! Ca n't go wrong with Culligan!ThanksTom
 5 stars for a water filter?Well my current one conked out , and this is the replacement one that fits my existing filters . Best price I could find , no tax , no shipping . Sometimes Amazon really amazes me with the amount of stuff you can find here.Unbolted my old filter , bolted this one in , and saved myself a fortune in plumbing costs . And the $ 50 worth of cartridges I have wo n't go to waste.Couldn ' t be more pleased with both the product and Amazon
 I purchased this filter to use only for filling my hot tub . The temp dropped below freezing and the bottom housing shattered like someone dropped a grenade in it even though it was empty at the time ! My fault . The precautions specifically state to it must be protected against freezing . I went to manufactures site to order a replacement housing but after shipping costs , I discovered I could order the whole unit from Amazon for $ 3 more . I also noted that the manufacturer recommends replacing the bottom housing every 5 years for the clear housing and very ten years for the opaque housing .
 We had our contractor install the HF360 today . He has installed many whole house filters in the past but ran into trouble with this one . Basically , when water was sent through the filter , it leaked out the very top . -LRB- Not where the clear housing meets the blue top part - an issue with the gasket - but the blue , built-in shut-off valve . -RRB- We called the 800 number listed on the box and they were no help what-so-ever . We went to Culligan.com and found this number 1-877-386-0823 . The person on the other end was able to help us right away - almost anticipating what the problem was . The top part had to be disassembled and the interior parts needed to be tightened as they were not tightened as tight as they could have been in the factory . We did as instructed and now it works without leaks.Before your own installation , I would recommend that the entire top blue part be checked by the installer before installation - tightening as needed . And do n't forget that you will need to pick up your own filters -LRB- we chose the P5-D Level 4 -RRB- and fittings for either end of the unit . Our contractor was able to build a custom bracket to keep the whole unit supported as well.So far , no leaks and the filter is already turning pink from all the rust in our water supply . I will try to update this review regarding how easy -LRB- or not -RRB- changing the filter is . Fingers crossed . So , four stars and not five for the issue with having to tighten the interior bits on our own .
 I was lucky enough to already have one of these installed in the house I bought in 2004 . Just the thing for a well water system . The drinking water gets further refined by a reverse osmosis filter , but no sediment in any of the water in the house .
 Just installed this yesterday to replace a 15 year old Omni filter . Purchased it locally -LRB- not on sale -RRB- for $ 23 and change . No the filter itself does not leak . The leak came from where the copper pipe fittings screw into the plastic housing . I had the same problem with the Omni 15 years ago . You tighten them just so far in fear on cracking the plastic if you go to far . You get it installed then turn on the water only to find a very slow leak coming out between the pipe fitting and filter housing . So you drain the whole house again tighten them a little more , refill the pipes and it still leaks . I finally gave up and let it leak just a little . The same thing I did with the Omni where it eventually sealed itself probably with tiny little minerals from the water . I 'm sure the filter will work fine for many years .
 After reading several reviews on Amazon about this filter I decided to give it a try . It was easy to install and I used two 3/4 inch shark bite connectors to tie it into my copper piping in the basement . All that sandy residue from the well is now gone and the water we drink is now perfect right out of the tap .
 I 'm using this filter to protect some water manifolds from getting clogged . It 's more sturdy than the previous filter I was using . Also has a relief valve , which makes removing the bowl to change filters easier.Only thing that would make it better is if they provided some sort of mounting bracket .
 Works well . Mounting bracket a must -LRB- pex system -RRB- to hold unit when replacing filter . No cracks in transparent bowl after one year of use at 50 psi .
 Works great ! I was really surprised to find out just how much crud was in our water ! Install was simple but the filter was a bit leaky . I fixed that by cutting a gasket for and installing it on top of the clear housing . I 'm very happy with it and looking to add a culligan under sink filter .
 This is for mounting on a boat and filtering water of unknown quality at visiting marinas . With the 1 micron filter it should help tremendously , in getting bad stuff out of the water . I 've used one at my home port and its amazing how much stuff is in the water we drink . I 'd like to see a .5 micron filter available for these housings . that would catch the really bad guys .
 we live on a well , and only the washing machine collects enough sediment , blue granite , to clog up the small thimble sized machine filter . solution ... spend the 30 $ or so and put this filter between the cold water entry to machine ... simple ... but 2x 3/4 brass couplings to attach to the filter , get an extra 5 $ washing machine hose , and connect . now i dont have to clean out the trap every 2 weeks ... its more like avery 9 months . and a new filter is only 7-8 $ ... could have installed it in the main water line from well , but add another 100 $ plus labor for a certified plumber ... this is an ez do-it-yourself job ...
 I just bought a house that is on well and septic . We had no water softener or filter system . I first installed a water softener in hopes that would take care of most of the hard water issues . After a few weeks of the water softener being in I was still getting a rust ring forming on the bottom of our brand new toilet . After installing this product it has eliminated all signs of rust and other contaminants in our water . My water now feels and tasted great , all off a $ 40 filter system . Cant go wrong with that . My only tip would be to go out and buy some plumbers pipe compound to use to seal the connections rather than the plumbers tape provided . Had a issue with a small drip from the end of the filter that the water exits from at first . just removed the connection and added pipe compounded and fixed the problem All in all a fantastic product
 This Culligan filter housing is as reliable as all Culligan products . I 'm pleased with it . Good value for the money .
 This butter tub keeps the butter on the inside , and it is beautiful to look at , too . Most butter dishes have butter on the edges of the dish - particularly in homes with kids . This keeps the butter where it belongs , and if your kitchen gets particularly hot , the butter ALL stays on the inside . Georgeous and heavy , this one is a keeper .
 I liked the clock . It is true that it is bright but at night if you cover it with a t-shirt it hides the brightness . It is also different than other alarm clocks because of the coloring of the numbers . I like how it has two different alarm settings . It also has other really nice features like pressing a button and your radio turns on . It also has a 30-minute nap button instead of taking time to reset the alarm . It is also quick to set the alarm , if you are like me and hate pressing the button a million times to set it when you are tired at night then this is perfect because it works so quickly .
 Yes , the display of this clock radio is really BRIGHT even when put on dim . The `` out-of-box '' radio reception is really poor . The antenna is buried inside the radio and does not work real well . I placed the clock radio besides another radio and could not pick up the stations I wanted to hear . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Emerson did n't offer any help . All they said is to return it to Target . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Being an electronics person , I decided to see why the radio has such poor reception . The antenna is wrapped around the power cord . A little unwrapping , re-routing the antenna , and extending it outside the enclosure yields the best reception from a clock radio I 've ever had ! One has to wonder why Emerson would n't do this to get better reception ? &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; Emerson , Target and I will warn you not to open the enclosure unless you really know what you 're doing !! &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62;
 its true . . the light is very bright but not very much . the blue is beautiful . it was easy setup . i sleep peacefully with it still . the only thing i dont like about it is that it doesnt get 101.9 -LRB- one o 2 jamz -RRB-
 These rugs are sturdy and have held up well under machine washing . They also look better than the picture .
 These rugs are sturdy and have held up well under machine washing . They also look better than the picture .
 Very nice piece . Larger than I thought . Has the green tint to glass - wish there were more pieces .
 This soap dish is excellent addition to any bathroom . It is of good size so not for small vanity tops . It reminds me of the older coke bottles when they were glass . Great weight to it also so it does n't slide around . I like the idea of it being recycled glass . Excellent product .
 Very happy with the soap dish - it does not have a drain , so its not good for areas in the shower that get wet . But it works great for me - nice looking too . I like that it is recycled glass .
 This is a wonderful garden or wall sign with a sincere message . I have put one at the family cemetery plot because we are all branches in a tree of love .
 My young daughter received the Holiday Hill for Christmas . She had spent a lot of time admiring may Winter Wonderland items in a local store 's winter window display , but Holiday Hill seemed to capture her imagination the most . The scene is very pretty , and it plays both familiar Christmas carols and old-fashioned tunes . I was a little concerned about the quality as we had a Christmas carousel from another company that just did n't work . However , there was absolutely no problem with this one . It stood up to daily use throughout the season -LRB- and endured who knows what untold abuse from curious little fingers when Mommy was n't watching . -RRB- I would definitely recommend it .
 This book was bought at the request of my husband who is a mechanic . It will be used for preventive maintenance on a Chevrolet Cavalier which was bought for our daughter . There was a little mix up in the postal address and Kevin was nice enough to get in touch to ensure that the process was completed . For the review
 These rugs are sturdy and have held up well under machine washing . They also look better than the picture .
 Made of solid Birch - looks like the company is based out of Iowa - great choice if you prefer to purchase American products.The finish is lacking - a bit thin and could use a lil more care in sanding , but only apparent upon close inspection.Woodworking is excellent and VERY solid!They are very easy to mount on hollow walls using the proper hardware - ignore that other review ...
 This shelf is EXACTLY what I wanted . It 's beautiful ! The hardware to install it is a bit lacking . . only two screws and that 's it ... this could be a problem if your studs are not exactly right , which chances are they are NOT . However , a quick trip to the hardware store and I 'll have what I need . Since I really like the shelf , it 's worth it . ''
 I love the sturdy , yet lightweight design of Corelle . The 10 3/4 dish is easy to clean , stack and can really take a beating . Overall , this is a product you 'll use often and will last for years . The black floral design is very hip and goes with every decor .
 Breakfast at our home used to be a real drag . My wife and I would both struggle to get up , and waking the dead would have been easier than waking our kids . After sleepwalking through our morning ablutions -- brushing our teeth , shaving , and showering in a leaden stupor -- we would all gather at the table for a family breakfast . I would make eggs and toast , my wife would make coffee and prepare some fruit , and the kids poured glasses of milk and juice . Once we all sat down , we methodically chewed and slurped our way through breakfast , still half-asleep and barely speaking , until the school bus came and both my wife and I had to leave for work.That was how we thought breakfast should and always would be , but all that changed after we got the Pop Art Toaster with 6 Design Plates in black.I purchased the toaster as a gag gift for my wife on Mother 's Day . At first , she was not very happy that I had chosen a kitchen appliance as a symbol of my appreciation for her motherly talents . Fortunately for me , I had opera tickets at the ready , and after a magnificent performance of La Traviata , she grew to see the humorous side of the Pop Art Toaster with 6 Design Plates.The next morning , after shuffling through my usual morning routine , I prepared to put four slices of bread into the silver Cuisinart toaster when I noticed the Pop Art Toaster with 6 Design Plates box had not yet been opened . As I was the first one in the kitchen , I thought I might surprise the rest of my family with some Pop Art toast , so I removed the toaster from the box , inserted the smiley face design plate , and toasted two slices of bread . After about a minute , the toaster popped out two slices of lightly toasted bread with a large , smiling face in the middle of each one . Immediately , a large grin formed on my own face , and I toasted another two slices of bread.The rest of the family eventually came to the kitchen and shambled through their usual breakfast preparations , not yet noticing the unusual toast on their plates . I could barely contain my excitement , which was in sharp contrast to the zombies surrounding me , and once everything was ready , we all sat down to eat . The first to notice the Pop Art toast was my six-year-old son Timmy . `` Hey , what 's this ? '' he asked , and immediately his eyes lit up and he began giggling uncontrollably . His nine-year-old sister , Susie , looked down at her plate and exclaimed , `` My toast is happy ! '' My wife , who is normally not very silly , picked up her slice of toast and in a very silly voice called out , `` Helloooo everybodeeeeee ! My name is Mr. Happeeeee ! '' Everybody began cracking up , and Timmy laughed so hard he fell out of his chair!After five minutes of more silliness and laughing , Susie wanted to see what other Pop Art designs the Pop Art Toaster with 6 Design Plates could make . I showed her the toaster and the design plates , and she immediately wanted to try them all . We toasted all the slices remaining in the loaf from the opened bag and then opened a fresh bag so everyone could toast their favorite designs . When we ran out of bread , I drove to the store and bought six more loaves . We ended up making over one-hundred twenty slices of toast , which , you can imagine , took a while , factoring in toasting , cooling , and design-plate-exchanging times . Susie and Timmy both missed their buses , I missed a morning meeting , and my wife missed all her morning appointments , but we were having so much toasting fun , we did n't care!Now mornings are the best time of the day for all of us ! The minute the alarms go off everybody jumps out of bed full of energy and joy in anticipation of their morning Pop Art toast ! Why simple designs scorched onto slices of bread should prove so endlessly entertaining I have no idea . What I do know , however , is that `` the Pop Art toaster brings fun and excitement back to breakfast '' exactly as advertised !
 I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen . I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and sugar in them . The seal seems really airtight , but I did accidently splash some water on the top of them , and the water did get into the canister . They are easy to clean and look very classic .
 I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen . I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and sugar in them . The seal seems really airtight , but I did accidently splash some water on the top of them , and the water did get into the canister . They are easy to clean and look very classic .
 I love this product . I have a few sizes and keep them on my counters . They are excellent for holding a variety of items including cookies , coffee , flour , sugar . All items stay fresh ! Truly nice looking on the counters . They pop , excellent finish .
 This is the only canister I bought . I am using it as a cookie jar . As with the other Fiesta pieces it looks great on my counter top .
 I recently left an empty 5 qt . Calphalon saucepan on a burner , and ruined it . I searched and searched , but could n't find a 5 qt . replacement anywhere -LRB- I had purchased it many years ago -RRB- . So instead I purchased this 4 qt . saucepan as a replacement , keeping my fingers crossed that it would do the job I needed it to do . Surprisingly , the Calphalon steamer insert that fits the 5 qt . also fits perfectly in this one . The Cuisinart lid also fits perfectly on the Calphalon steamer insert . They even look like a matched set , you would n't even know that they were two different brands.I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this pan . It has all of the things I love about my All-Clad LTD , and some additional features that make it maybe even superior to All-Clad -LRB- ? time will tell -RRB- . It looks like All-Clad , seems as well made as far as handle rivets etc. , is much lighter -LRB- which I find appealing , the older I get -RRB- , and has a well-designed ergonomic handle that stays cool . Heat distribution is excellent , just like All-Clad . Unlike my All-Clad , the handle on the cover also stays cool , and the Cuisinart is dishwasher safe . Clean-up is a breeze too . Just for kicks , I left food in it overnight to harden on . The next morning , I filled it with soapy warm water and let it sit for a while . Soon , the formerly hardened and stuck-on food wiped right off with a soapy sponge . I noticed after the pan was washed that the inside bottom had some rainbows , but I spray some Pam in it and wiped it with a paper towel , and it is shiny and clear again.I 've decided to order a whole bunch of these as a New Year 's treat and belated Christmas present to myself . Some of my other Calphalons have seen better days , and I 've never really been happy with Calphalon 's performance anyway . I expected more for the price they charge . This line will give me a fresh boost in the kitchen for a very reasonable price.Oh , I should mention that I also really like how you can loop the cover 's handle over the pan 's handle , and leave them together to hang them on your pot rack . I ca n't do this with any of my other pans , I have to keep the covers separate in the cabinet . It 'll be really handy to have the corresponding cover with the pot , when I 'm doing things in a hurry in the kitchen . I may start to enjoy cooking again !
 I got this to compliment my 12 piece set . All of the unlimited pieces are wonderful . Great weight , wonderful heat distribution and easy -LRB- dishwasher -RRB- cleanup . I recommend using a bit of non-stick spray or olive oil but if you do n't , and food sticks , it still comes off easily if you let a little soapy water sit in it .
 This pan replaces an older Cuisinart pan of the same size , that had a disk bottom and non-clad sides . The multiclad heats more evenly and sticks less . Part of this may be due to edges that are slightly more rounded than the old pan . It does not require much gas to keep things boiling . The handle is comfortable -LRB- unlike the ridiculous All-Clad handles -RRB- , and neither the handle nor the lid gets too hot to hold . The lip makes for a dripless pour . It cleans very easily , and I am very pleased .
 Really needed a replacement 4 quart saucepan wanted quality and a pan that could be cleaned in the dishwasher , did n't cost a fortune and did not have any interior coating that would scratch as mashing potatoes over the years had trashed my old Millenium Farberware saucepan . This fit the bill perfectly and works great ... keep the flameunder the saucepan low as it distributes heat well .
 I ordered the 2-qt . size and am very pleased with how it cooks and how easy it is to clean . This is a versatile size for cooking soup or small servings for one or two people . The handle seems well-balanced and stays cool . I like the lip around the rim for pouring , which All-Clad lacks . Mine arrived with no apparent dents or defects . I was hoping to use my Progressive collapsible steamer basket in this pot , but alas , the pot is a little too narrow and the steamer leaves can not open wide enough inside to stay below the rim . I think I 'd need a 3-qt . pot to use my steamer .
 We received two of these pans for Christmas from our son and daughter-in-law and bought this one to complete the set . We love them . They sit flat on our stove and clean up so nicely in the dishwasher .
 We were looking to move away from nonstick surfaces and back to basic stainless steel interior cooking surfaces . At the same time , we wanted the improved heat transference from aluminum or copper or some such metal.These pots fit the bill perfectly . And at a good price.Plus we love the color and that that are n't super heavy . There 's just enough aluminum on all the clad surfaces , but without becoming too heavy.We 've bought 2 other major Cuisinart Multiclad Unlimited pieces as well and love those , too.A great bargain .
 Great feel . Boils water quickly . Cleans up nicely . Does well in the dishwasher . Did the job when making caramel sauce .
 The Cuisinart multiclad pots are just brilliant . They cook evenly , not too heavy to hold , the handles stay relatively cool to the touch , great all-around pot for everything - sauteing potatoes , soup , rice , popcorn . The lid fits nicely and they are beautifully designed .
 Have n't used it a ton yet , but like the size and the tight fitting lid . Only 4 stars due to some slight staining that required a bit of cleaning effort after cooking a messy dish . I 'd probably gotten too used to non-stick coatings .
 Heats evenly and seems quite durable . On the other hand , because it is so large and heavy it can be a challenge to drain . I assumed it would come with a glass lid , and was disappointed to find it does not .
 This thing is a work horse . I use it for soups , sauces , custards , candy making , rice ... you name it . It cleans up beautifully each and every time . A great lower-price alternative to an All-Clad saucepan .
 I am starting to cook more but ca n't afford all of the All Clad cookware . This Cuisinart is a perfect alternative at more than half the price ! I am amazed that its so easy to clean , even the toughest reduction sauces come out easily without any pre-soaking -LRB- like some other All clad cookware -RRB- . Perfect for sauce , quick sautees , even oatmeal . I really love this product and am glad I did n't have to break the bank to buy it .
 This product received a very favorable review by Cooks Illustrated . Because I consider this THE go to magazine for everything cooking related I purchased it . It definitely lives up to the great review !
 I was looking for a cheaper pot that could do what All-Clad and some of the higher end cookware can do . After much research I found this little brilliant solution . It heats evenly and quickly . Perfect for sauces great for rice and can pass as a steamer for mussles and clams . I love the easy pour lip . The stay cool handle is functional and nice looking . I 'm Italian , so this is heavily employed in the making of red sauce . I usually use two pans . This pan has solved that problem . It can brown meat like a fry pan and is big enough to hold the tomatoes . Versatile and well designed this is an intelligent little pot . I 'm now looking intensely at the 6 quarter .
 I needed a substitute for non stick as I am trying not to cook at all with non stick pans . I should have bought this pan long ago . It 's well made and not too diffucult to clean . But the best feature is that though it 's a large pot , it heats up so fast ! I now cook all my pasta in it instead of my huge pasta pans because they just take so long to heat up ! Plus , I pop corn in this pan perfectly - very fast . If I needed any other pots and pans -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- I would buy from this line .
 This pan is constructed of excellent material that protects food and allows perfect results . The bottom and sides retain and distribute heat evenly to protect liquids from scorching .
 I bought this 4qt for my wife and she likes it a lot , it heats up well and that is why we she wanted it . The fit finish are not as nice as our 7qt All-Clad but this is a great pot for the money !
 This pan -LRB- the 4-Quart Multiclad Unlimited -RRB- came in second only to the much , much more expensive All-clad 4-Quart on a Food Network cooking show . The pan is excellent in almost every respect with the exception that there is a nasty roughness on the edge of the handle . Almost everyone would have to return this defective pan . I happen to have all the tools of the polishing trades , so I can just smooth it out and polish the bad area . It is discouraging that so many products with good names are no longer able to adhere to good quality control procedures . I maybe old and slow , but when it is done , it is done right !
 Nice feel and easy clean up . Works well in the dishwasher if needed . Very convenient for mashed potatoes . Could n't ask for more .
 This is THE best saucepan . Ever . Perfect size , not too heavy and not too light . It has cooked up everything superbly and even better , it 's washed up like a dream ! This is the perfect pot for the small family , those cooking for 2 , or the single lad or lady . Four quarts is more than enough space to cook up rice , soup , oatmeal , a couple of cut up chicken breasts , whatever you need ! If I could do things over , I 'd get 2 of these instead wasting my time and money on those sorry 2 - and 3-qt pans . This is well-worth its price ! Leave that cheap stuff alone and get you a real pan ! I promise , you will never need to buy another !
 very nice pan . The lid gets very hot . forgot to use potholder 1st time . That wo n't happen again . I like it a lot
 This product was on back order and I had to wait about 2 months but it was worth the wait . Customer service was great at keeping me informed about the status and expected ship date . The quality was very good and the price was much better than I could find anywhere else .
 Let me say this
 it is good , but not my perfect set.One piece had some rust from the beginning . Stainless steel discolors after use , have to clean it with vinegar.If used properly , does n't stick .
 I love this cookware so far . The first time you use it , it can get discoloration on the inside if you use heat that 's too high . But a bit of stainless/aluminum cleaner -LRB- I used Cameo -RRB- gets it shiny clean again and the problem does n't seem to occur again . I love the stay-cool handles , and the heat distribution is wonderful . And it 's lighter than my All-Clad , which I am beginning to appreciate in my old age . Also the lids fit on the handles and they can still hang from my pot rack ... a feature that I 'm crazy about because with my old cookware I had to store the covers separately.My biggest gripe is that I had barely finished unpacking it and noticed that it has gone down in price by $ 40 since I ordered it two weeks ago . I will definitely be looking into getting my moola refunded on that difference.I am uploading my own pictures . I bought this set and several other complementary pieces , and now have a set of 21 pieces . I am a happy camper . Retired the Calphalon for good .
 I researched these pans for months . My sister in law has the Allclad LTD so I have something to compare the Cuisinarts to . The Allclads are a little heavier and of course about 2x more expensive but overall I am very pleased with the Multiclad Unlimited !!!! Clean up is about as easy as you can get and if it 's ever tarnished or has that hazy rainbow discoloration , a little BarKeepers Friend and they look brand new . I have the money now to replace them with Allclads if I wanted but why would I ??? Dollar for dollar , I love these pans . You will NOT be disappointed !!!
 Bought these for the home and they are fantastic !!! Made breakfast in the skillets and no sticking at all . Use them everyday now . Great value for the money . Will continue to add to the set but this set is enough for most cooks .
 We 've been cooking on an assortment of cookware for lots of years much of which was teflon . We have thrown out all the old and cook exclusively on the new cookware and what a difference it has made . Read the enclosed material on the different way of cooking and cleaning your cookware and you 'll never have a problem .
 This is really high quality cookware with wonderful features . You can put it in the dishwasher or oven and you can hand-wash it very easily !
 This cookware set has met all my expectations , and then some ! My requirements were a complete set that was dishwasher safe , and while I 'm accustomed to non-stick pans , I decided to give this set a try . It has the perfect combination of sizes , shapes and one of the big plusses is that there are lids for EVERY size pan ! Other cookware sets often cheap-out by not including all lid sizes , but this set is top notch!Cleanup is easy ... if something is a bit burnt-on , just let it soak for a bit and everything comes right off , then right in the dishwasher it goes!The pans have a great `` feel '' in that they are not cheap feeling but also not so heavy that you struggle to lift them . The handles are sturdy and feel nice in your hand.This is a great all-in-one set of pots & pans ... highly recommended !
 I purchased this set over a year ago , and the quality and look remains great . I use an electric stove and oven and these Cuisinart pans & pots have worked very well when preparing family meals .
 Bought this a month ago from Kohls for 225 -LRB- incl Tax -RRB- !! Best set of cookwares i have ever owned.I 've researched over a 3 months before buying this cookware set , i do n't regret my decision.Pros : No toxic - the inner surface is SS , better than many anodized sets you see aroundDishwasher safeBeautiful looking over the counter topEven heating - usually i do n't cook on high heat except boiling waterSturdy but not very heavyCONS
 I 've gone through a couple sets of high-end non-stick , and they always end up scratched , no matter how careful I am . These seem to suit me much better . I believe this will actually be the last set of pots and pans I ever buy !
 This is a great set of pots and pans . For most of your cooking you wo n't need anything else . The only thing to be careful of is that they are not non-stick so you have to know how to properly cook the food you 're cooking -LRB- as in when to use butter/oil , what temperature , etc -RRB- or things will stick to them . If you 're looking for a higher temp non-stick pan , add a quality cast iron skillet to this collection and you 'll be set .
 As I normally go for nonstick cookware , this set was the first I 'd bought that was n't . With that being said , so far , so good . I 've only had this cookware for a short time , but so far it seems to clean up fairly fast using Barkeepers Friend cleaner . I do put my pieces in the diswasher and yes , I know that some people complained about marks/stains , but my husband used the barkeeper stuff on it and it was fine . The only problem I 've had so far with this cookware is trying to make over-easy eggs , as they seem to always stick no matter what I put in the pan .
 The cookware set was a great upgrade from what we had before . I have no complaints so far and the order was received before the estimated date .
 We got this cookware set as a wedding gift a year ago and still love them . They cook well and clean up great . Would recommend them !
 I have the 8-piece set -LRB- which I bought locally because Amazon only sells the 12-piece set -RRB- . The smaller set comes with 6 qt stockpot instead of 8 qt -- I do n't see much value in cookware sets if I do n't get to use as many of the pieces often as I cook for myself . My favorites are the 8 inch skillet and the 1 qt saucepan.I wanted stainless steel cookware because they have versatile cooking surfaces and none of the dangers from Teflon . I had looked at All Clad -LRB- too expensive -RRB- and Calphalon Contemporary SS -LRB- too heavy -RRB- and I 'm glad a bought the Cuisinart Multiclad Unlimited.The pans and lids are lightweight and the handle design makes it easier to , well , handle . I have a weakened grip due to -LRB- carpel tunnel -RRB- injury to my wrists , arms , hands , but I can comfortably carry and maneuver these pans . The handles do n't pinch like those on All Clads.Initially I thought the light weight would make these Cuisinarts perform less , but they actually perform as good or better than Calphalons -LRB- I have n't tried cooking with All Clads -RRB- . I had bought Calphalon SS but returned them because they were too heavy . These Cuisinarts heat quickly and evenly , all the way up the sides of the pans . I only use medium heat at the most . And the `` pouring rims '' are terrific because there 's no sticky mess on stove grills or on the sides of pan . Even the Calphalons do n't have these pouring rims . The cleanup is typical of any stainless steel pan , and I have Barkeepers Friend for those stubborn stains . I always hand wash my pans so I ca n't say much about how they would hold up out of the dishwasher.The downside is the dark grey anodized exterior shows a lot of markings just from regular use . I think a SS exterior would show these same `` fine scratches '' less . Also , I found a dime-sized dent , actually more like a dimple , in the interior of the 1 qt saucepan but I do n't think it affects it . The dimple is a quality issue with Cuisinart but overall , I 'm very satisfied with the set . I went ahead and got the 3 qt saute pan -LRB- bought it locally because Amazon does n't sell it -RRB- .
 I 've always maintained you ca n't do a decent job unless you have the right tools . I 've put off buying decent cookware for at least 40 years . What a dummy , right?Well , I 'm the one laughing now.I ca n't believe how great this set is . I make omelettes without any oil or spray . The sauce pans heat up quickly and , as I 've read , I need less heat to cook things.All the basic pieces you need are in this set . It arrived on time -LRB- actually a day early -RRB- and in great shape . Could n't be happier .
 Well , I was very reluctant to leaving behind my tried and true non-stick , but after years of replacing and my wondering exactly `` where do the small non-stick particles go once they flake off the pan '' -LRB- YUCK ! -RRB- I took the plunge and started researching ... Googling `` Best Stainless Steel '' cookware brought me to the Cuisinart Multiclad set ... great set , easier on the pocket than AllClad.I treated myself to the the full set in the Ultimate hard anodized exterior finish , because to me , they looked better . I have been using the set for a month now , and can not find a single thing to complain about . I took the advice by Amazon reviewers on cooking at a lower temperature ... and its absolutely true . Foods cook , and cook well , without sticking at all . You just have to trust the pans , they hold the heat at a superior level . I also purchased the Barkeepers Friend cleanser as advised by Amazons reviewers and it makes even slightly sticky foods just wipe off . I have not yet needed to use the warranty -LRB- nor do I expect to -RRB- so I can not comment on ease or difficulty dealing with Cuisinart directly . I never write reviews , but the Amazon Reviewer 's were so key to my making this purchase , I felt I owed it to the next skeptic . I hope you are not disappointed.Cuisinart MCU-12 MultiClad Unlimited Dishwasher Safe 12-Piece Cookware Set
 First off let me say that this is a beautiful cookware set . For the pans that are included this is a steal . Cooking performance is superb and is equal to All Clads LTD. set . The one place that this cookware loses a star is in the finish . Where the anodized exterior meets the stainless interior is somewhat sloppy . It 's not horrible but I expect more from Cuisinart . There are also a few barely perceptible dents here and there . I believe that I found two on the exteriors that no one else can see . I have also found at least two in the interiors . This does not at all take away from the cooking performance and I highly recommend this set.Update 2009
 I 've always been an avid cook , but never quite appreciated the importance of a great set of cookware . After being diagnosed with an illness that was probably caused in part by years of Teflon use , I decided to get rid of my kitchen-full of T-Fal Teflon cookware and splurge on stainless steel . After much research , I decided on this set of Cuisinart Multiclad . My thought was I wanted something durable , heavy-duty -LRB- yet not so physically heavy that it was a pain to pull out pots and pans every time I cooked -RRB- , and that would not leach harmful chemicals into food and the air while I cooked.I admit , I was intimidated by stainless steel ... I had the idea that food easily became burned on and that it took intense scrubbing after each use . I also had the idea that a good set of quality stainless steel would cost at least $ 1,000 . After finding this set of Cuisinart Multiclad , I decided to take the plunge.When my order arrived and I began pulling pots out of the box , I was delighted -- I was n't expecting them all to be so darn * beautiful ! * They also felt magnificent in my hands ... just the perfect feel ... substantial , but not uncomfortably heavy . -LRB- Confession
 I have both . Using this for vacation home . About 30 % thinner and lighter than allclad ltd. . Conducts heat well , almost but not quite as good as ltds -LRB- easier to overcook custard ice cream base with this -RRB- . Fit of lids on pots looser than I 'd like . Very attractive , well made . For the price , 5 stars . Allclad is better though at more than 2x the cost .
 I am by no means a professional chef , but rather an aspiring college student that is sick of eating at the cafeteria . I started out with a cheap 12 pc . set from a no-name brand and after a year , all of the nonstick is peeling off ! I received this set as a gift and I could n't be more impressed ! The quality of this kit would definitely suit a pro chef at home . The heat is distributed evenly , and cleanup is a breeze . I recommend this set to anyone who is sick of cheap wannabe pans .
 It distributes heat so well that now I can put my stove on 5 or 6 instead of 7 to boil water and it will come to a boil in a much shorter time . Searing on the stove then moving to the oven was wonderful . It cooked much faster than my previous methods -LRB- cheap pans or baking dishes -RRB- and still managed to hold in all of the flavor and moisture . Sticking foods
 I bought this set 2 years ago and I have to say I do n't think I could be happier . This set is incredibly durable and has suffered through my daily use and abuse and is still in amazing condition . I am a bit of a foodie and love to cook so I 've used these pans for pretty much everything you can imagine and I certainly do n't treat them like delicate flowers.This set was a bit of an impulse purchase for me , I looked at a lot of sets but for no other reason than gut instinct settled on this one and I 've never looked back . The cookware has excellent heat distribution and is very easy to clean . Any time I 've burned something on or let something sit too long all I have to do is fill the pan with hot water let it soak and I can wipe everything away . The handles do stay cool when being used on the stove stop so no fussing with awkward pot holders.The only thing that I might consider a drawback is that the part on the inside where the handle is attached can sometimes hold on to a little food so it needs a few extra seconds of attention when cleaning.Otherwise highly recommended .
 I 've been very happy with these . They are very nice to look at . They wipe up very easy after a good soak - no scrubbing needed . They cook very nicely .
 Very nice quality pans . Have only used a few times , but pans seem to wash up nicely and look great as well . Put them in the dishwasher and they seemed to do fine .
 I received this pan set a few weeks ago and could not be happier . I 'm writing this review to pay it forward since Amazon was a huge help in my search for the perfect pan set and hope this helps the next shopper . I researched pans all over the internet trying to find the best ones at the best price . I spent many hours on Amazon looking through different sets and reading reviews as well as googling top pan sets and the cusinart multi-clad was # 1 on several sites.The Cuisinart Multi-clad sets caught my eye mainly due to sleek look but then I started reading reviews . Not one person had anything bad to say about the pans , the cuisinart customer service got some complaints but the pans all got rave reviews . This was a big deal to me because since I 'm big on reviews I know that someone always has something bad to say about anything . Between this set and the all silver Pro set there were no comments of the quality of the sets.With all that said the reviews do n't give the set enough credit , they are perfect . They are the right weight and give great heat distribution . The handles do n't get hot unless they are directly over the heat . Clean up is a breeze , just stay away from cooking with starchy foods directly on the pans and use oil .
 Reading the pros and cons on other hand vacs , I was concerned that there was n't any hand vac on the market that would do the job well . I could not find any reviews on this model - it must be newer - and was concerned by the negatives I read on other Euro-Pro machines . I decided to take a chance and try it.Well I was pleasantly suprised . This little v1510 Euro-Pro machine kicks -LSB- ... -RSB- It has very strong suction both when used on carpet , as well as using the detachable hose and crevice tools . It is right sized and not too heavy - it 's very comfortable to use . Does a great job getting into corners too.I got this because vacuuming carpeted stairs was such a chore - now it 's a breeze . The v1510 picks up everything from fine dust to the dog hair my Norwegian Elkhound sheds constantly . -LRB- Pet owners this is the one for you ! -RRB- The only negative aspect I could find is that it is loud - but I can put up with some noise considering how well it performs.Bonus
 I have never written a review before , but after seeing these mixed reviews wanted to offer my perspective/experience with this vacuum . When I first got mine , it frustrated me immensely . Like others experienced , it would overheat quickly then need to sit 45-60 minutes to cool before it would turn on again . Then after a fairly short while , I could n't get it to work at all . I finally discovered the problem - user error ! I had n't realized that because it works SO well and picks up SO much dirt and hair SO quickly , the canister needs to be emptied very frequently . If it gets too full , it does n't get enough airflow and overheats . Since figuring this out , it has n't gotten to the point of overheating/turning off a single time.But then I noticed that the cleaning power seemed to decrease over time . Again - user error . I had n't realized how to properly clean the filter . In addition to emptying the canister , I learned that I needed to also take the screen off the filter and vigorously tap it against the side of the wastebasket , then reassemble . The first time I finally did this -LRB- after many months of frequent use -RRB- , I was amazed at how much fine dirt had been caught in the accordion pleats of the filter . I actually needed to use a butter knife to pull all the clumps out . Now that I know how to clean it properly each time , I have no problems at all with this machine and love it so much that I plan to check out the full size Euro-Pro vacuums to replace my ailing current machine.I use mine not only to clean cat hair off my upholstery , but also to vacuum my area rugs , bath mats , carpeted stairs , car upholstery , and entryway rugs . I do n't mind the time it takes to clean the canister/filter after each use , in fact I actually enjoy doing it because it 's such a good feeling to SEE how much dirt this little machine is capable of pulling out of my carpets and upholstery . So please - do n't be scared off from this vacuum - just take the time to learn how to use it properly . I gave only 4 stars because I feel this could all be better explained in the owner 's manual .
 I have had my Euro-Pro Shark Cyclonic Bagless Handheld Vacuum for a year or so and love it.This hand vac is only good for one thing but it does that one thing very , very well
 This little beauty does exactly what it should , pick up dirt ! The powerful motorized brush and huge vacuum , leave nothing behind . The attachments include an integrated brush you can not lose and an edging tool that fits easily onto the hose without removing the brush . Brilliant ! Canister filters can be cleaned with water and reused . Corners and edges are a bit difficult because the motorized brush does n't get right up to the wall . However , the edge attachment works well enough to make up for this small short coming . The power cord could use a notched plug to attach to the cord for storage . Overall , this is the best hand vac I have come across and highly recommend it to anyone in need of a small vacuum cleaner .
 Perhaps users who are having problems with this product have not realized that it works so well that one must really follow the instructions/warnings and COMPLETELY EMPTY the dust cup and filter after each use . It is simple to do , and the instruction sheets provide clear sketches showing how to do so . It 's not really a pain to empty the dust cup and filter , especially when you realize your unit will last longer with proper care . Preventing the unit from overheating should also keep the belt from stretching from the heat , and thus , help that item last , as well.I use the product nearly-solely for cleaning cat or dog fur ** from my upholstered furniture , and occasionally for cleaning parts of my wall-to-wall carpeting if it has something spilled on it . When a spill occurs , and if I have n't noticed it before it dries , I vacuum that small area thoroughly with the Shark handheld before I spray clean the spot with a spray cleaner . My system works very well . As for the cat fur on the upholstery , I have been absolutely amazed at the amount of fur that a few minutes vacuuming picks up . ** We have adopted stray cats & kittens and have also adopted two beautiful canines from an animal shelter . The cats are all indoor cats , while the canines are indoor-outdoor pets , so you can imagine the fur that clings to the furniture . But it is so easy to clean up with this mid-weight handheld . As for the noise , yes , it is loud , but I am more concerned with the excellent cleaning than with the noise.So , I think if one follows the instructions carefully , and does not run the handheld overlong * in a single use , * you will be delighted with the product , just as I am . * Overlong overheats the vac .
 If I had I probably would not have , and that would have been a BIG mistake . I have 4 cats that stay inside all the time and three dogs that come in sometimes . Believe me , having a good hand vac is a must in my house . When mine -LRB- wo n't name the brand -RRB- kicked the bucket and I could not find another one at a local store I settled for this SHARK.I have just cleaned all the upholstered furniture in my downstairs and it 's quite a lot . I have emptied and cleaned the filters twice and could not believe the amount of dander , dust , hair and everything else nasty that the other hand vac left behind . The furniture that I just cleaned was supposed to be fairly clean , I was just doing a regular weekly cleaning . I was totally shocked at how much stuff was in my furniture that I thought the other vacuum was getting out.This is a great Vacuum ! It cleans excellent , it does run a little loud , but no louder than my other one . It has great suction on the hand held hose and crevice tool . I especially like the filter that can be totally cleaned with hot water to get rid of the dander and dust . It 's not too heavy , and if it only lasts a year under this heavy use , then I have gotten my moneys worth at less than $ 4 a month . I would buy another one without question .
 I love my hand held vac ! The best one I 've purchased to date . The negative reviews surprised me.This vacuum picks up so much buried dirt that the canister can look empty and yet the filter will be clogged with the finest particles of dirt . It 's unbelievable.The solution ? If something is heavily soiled , empty canister and shake out filter . When my vac stopped while cleaning out my car , it must have taken me a full ten minutes to shake out the packed fine particles of dirt . My car had not been vacuumed in years due to disability on my part ; it had only been picked up . In the future , with even a yearly or twice yearly vacuum , I do n't think I 'll run into that problem again.My living room furniture , which was looking shabby and in need of replacement , now looks like new . I had no idea that my other hand held vacs were doing so little to keep my furniture clean.My only real complaint is that it is noisy and somewhat cumbersome , but given what it has done for my furniture and car , I 'm not complaining too loudly . : P
 Just as my title says . This unit is powerful enough to take care of all of my needs in my motorhome . It picks up sand and dirt with ease and empties in a flash . It is also small enough that it tucks away neatly in one of my storage areas . Always a necessity in a motorhome or trailer . If you need one get one !!!
 I 've owned this vacuum for over 5 years with no problems . It is loud , like people say . I 've never had a belt break . I clean the canister and filter parts each time . The reason for my 4 stars is because I would like to buy a new filter and can not find one . I 'm thinking of buying an entirely new vacuum just for the filter ! I like the vacuum ! I just wish they were still making parts for it .
 The hand held Euro-Pro Shark vacuum cleaner is wonderful . It has great suction power and is not too heavy . You can manouever it into small spaces . I have had many other brands of handhelds and this is definitely the best .
 I bought this for upholstery vacuuming up cat hair . My upright was n't cutting it so we decided to buy one of these because it says for pet hair . WOW what a great product . It picks up cat hair like a BEAST . I have a cat condo , 2 recliners , and a couch that I use it on . I usually have to clean it out once before I am done . Wish it had a bigger capacity but gets the job done and does it well . I was actually looking for a dust filter when I read all the bad reviews . I was looking for a dust filter because I vacuumed up a bunch of flea powder and noticed that the vacuum was getting loud . Look when filters get dirty bad things happen . Only difference with this is that it is a small appliance with a small filter . There is a button on the back that makes it VERY easy to remove the filter and I used the upright to vacuum it off and it worked just fine . Volume went down and everything worked great again . Just like you change the bag in your regular vacuum you have to keep this one clean or it will eventually fail . Trust me this thing picks up like a champ just needs a little attention while using . Volume goes up = clean it out !
 This is the third vacuum of this type I have purcased and to say the least I am very satisfied and the delivery was very fast ... very fast
 I agree with reviewer `` Citizen Fact Checker '' that this vacuum does what it promises . The power beater is a must . It 's size is the reason it is purchased and because of that size it must be emptied and cleaned as soon as needed , not later . It is so super easy to empty that this does not matter a bit . If you want to save effort just keep a small trash bin with you as you go.The first time I did my stairs , I only did 2 at a time before emptying and shaking out filter since there would be more than a week 's accumulated dog hair and one of the dogs sheds like a pine tree . It was full each time as expected . If I had tried to run it full of hair yes it would have surely burned up.When popping back in the cleaned filter and cup be sure you hear a `` click '' or it is not sealed and you wo n't get your suction.Some unhappy reviewers state it should n't need cleaning right away because it is brand new . If you are vacuuming up some Cheerios no it does not but if it is grit , hair , sand , dander etc. yes indeed you need to clean it after first use.Now I do n't have so much accumulation because it is so light and easy to use more frequently . 5 or 6 steps can be done before emptying.LOVE IT .
 These rugs are sturdy and have held up well under machine washing . They also look better than the picture .
 This product works great for cleaning up after my children and dog . I use it to clean up the crumbs after the children eat and to clean up the dog hair -LRB- I have a long haired daschund -RRB- . You do have to empty it out after every use , but other than that I think this hand vac works wonderfully .
 i also bought the lotion/soap dispenser . . a matching shower curtain etc. . . sturdy quality . . great cant ask for more
 Every couple of years I have to replace these non-stick pans . My last one was from Calphalon . This time I tried Cuisinart . I really like the other pans of theirs I had purchased . The handle really never gets hot . This is very easy to clean . Do n't use metal instruments . Follow the instructions and this will last a while . Best value I could find for the size .
 I bought this as an add-on to the 17-piece set I got a few months ago . I needed a pot that was between the 3-quart saucepan & the 9-quart stockpot that came with that set , but did n't want another stockpot . This is perfect for a box of pasta ... so far that 's all I 've used it for . I really like the helper-handle feature . The only reason I 'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars , is because -LRB- this had n't occured when I gave the 17-pc set 5 stars -RRB- the smooth outside that I raved about before is n't so great now that I 've got a couple of little stains and scuffs on some of the pieces that wo n't come off . It very easily scrapes when it gets knocked by other items , but that does n't affect the cooking quality and I still think it 's a great set . I paid around $ 60 for this pot which is almost 1/3 of what I got the whole 17-pc set for previously , but I did n't mind so much because I got the big set for such a good price .
 i love this weather station ; it has everything any one could think of always very imformative in my needs for the day a lot of nice bells and whistles would highly recommend this for anyone ;
 We bought this weather station after having problems with two other stations , the main problem being the outside temperature sensor not working . Since this unit does not have an outside sensor , we did not have any problems with it ... Overall we like the forecaster very much . Only wish we could make it more specific to where we live , we get weather warnings for the entire region and that it was wall mounted , takes up counter space in kitchen . Other than we are very happy with the 3 day forecaster through MSN and like the UV , moon phases , sunrise/sunset times , etc. .
 Make sure you check out to see if you get MSN in your area . Does n't work in Southeast Alaska sad to say ...
 excellent product . be aware , though , that the backlight does not stay on . wish it did . it stays on for about 15 seconds .
 I love the little weather station . I saw it at my aunt 's house one night . She 'd bought 4 or 5 of them as Christmas presents for my cousins , and one for herself . I thought it was a perfect present for my dad . He loves it.As for the service that the seller gave . It was great . It arrived a lot earlier than I thought it was going to . Only a little overpriced , but the fast shipping made up for it costing a little bit more . I 'm pretty sure it 's one of my dad 's favorite presents .
 Bright display , Easy to read . Neat features . Not always accurate in the region I am in -LRB- foothills of Mt. Rainier -RRB- . Satisfied with product .
 I bought the weather station as I love to keep up with wind , temperature , etc. , but ca n't afford an outside station , nor would it work as there are trees around the house . This weather station avoids those problems by receiving transmissions from the local airport weather station - in my case , about 8 miles away.One nice thing about it is that it is constantly updated -- temperature , wind speed , UV level , barometric pressure , etc. . Another nice thing is that it shows alerts by a different color -LRB- or flashing for severe -RRB- on the power light . Additionally , when alerts are in progress , they scroll across the top in a ticker tape.One downside is the `` dot matrix '' of the ticker tape -- it 's not the highest quality , although thoroughly readable . Another downside is the light -- it only stays on for about 8 sec , which for my slow eyes is n't enough to read the whole display . THERE IS A LOT OF DATA ON IT !! Would I buy it again ? Absolutely ! I put it in the kitchen and always use it . I highly recommend it !
 a little larger than other weather stations but does everything I want and then some .
 As indicated by others , it worked right out of the box . I 'm not enamored by the bright blue lights on the side that can not be turned off . I might cover them up but other than that , it works as advertised . It took less than a minute to sync up with the FM signal but that is probably because I am well within coverage range.I hope the FM signal continues past 2010 . If not , hopefully there will be many users who will send emails asking for the signal to continue . -- EDIT -- Well , its been 13 months later and my weather station is still going strong . It has lost its signal only 2 times over the past year and that 's probably due to a transmitter issue I presume . The annoying blue lights were covered up with electrical tape and I can barely notice them now . --------- Another Edit ------------- You CAN turn off the lights on the side . Press and HOLD the snooze/light button in the front and it will turn the side lights off . Press and hold it again and the lights will turn on . It 's April 2011 and my weather station is still going strong . ---------- And a FINAL edit . -------------- What a shame the MSN signal was turned off at the beginning of 2012 . I now have a great tool that currently serves a better purpose as a paper-weight since it can not pick up any signal hence it completely useless .
 I bought this unit because I am very interested in the field of meteorology . It has absolutely everything you could want to know about the forecast . I no longer have to wait for the local forecast on TV . It is very accurate -LRB- as I have compared it to the local forecast when I first got it -RRB- . The unit is very modern looking with the LED light in the screen and the stainless steel side panels . The display is very clear and easy to read . At first the display seems a little confusing but after 5 minutes of looking at the manual I could use every control and every feature . As long as you get the MSN signal in your area it is worth every penny . Forecast at you fingertips !
 I would like to thank you , I was afraid to order this , because I thought it would n't work , it might not be new . BUT I WAS WRONG !!! It was just like you said , new and never opened . I love it . I glad I bought it . And your service was very quick . Thnks . JeanneI would order from you again a five star >> >> >> >
 I was worried at first that I would have some problem with this , especially with the MSN signal , but it could n't have worked better!I opened the box , set it up and within 5 minutes it had a signal and was working perfectly . I am in a low fringe area of the MSN network here and I was worried reception would be a problem but I can even pick up the signal deep in the house.My wife isnt too keen on high-tech gizmos but she loves this weatherstation . She just has to look at it , never has to press a button unless she wants toI would recommend and will probably buy another for my office .
 This is a great weather station to determine if you will leave the windows open at night or use the AC . I check it before bed and I know what I am going to wear in the morning . I would buy it again.Things I like : - Timex indiglo style backlighting . Much easier to read than those without it.-Nice design . It sits out on my night stand and I did n't want anything too industrial looking.-Fairly accurate weather predictions in my area.-No problems receiving the MSN signals.-LED changes color and blinks when a storm advisory is in effect . This is more handy than I expected it would be.-Easy to setup.-Well built.Things I do n't like : - No way to silence the beeping when pressing buttons.-Very loud alarm . At the quitest setting , it is much too loud to be used as an alarm clock.-Has some bells and whistles that are more for show than usefulness.-Fairly large unit . It 's almost as wide as my laptop.-Have to toggle between indoor and outdoor temp settings . They are not both on the screen at once.-Too many weather forecast icons.-User interface could be better , but it is not too bad.-Weather report scroll bar runs too slow horizontally and is difficult to read.I also have the weather channel model #WS -9043 TWC made by lacrosse . I prefer the Oregon because of the forecasting feature . Of course , you can get the same info from online or tv as well .
 HARDWAREThe WMS801 is a one-piece unit that comes with a FM antenna and AC power supply . There are no sensors to place outside of your home to measure temperature , humidity , rainfall , etc. . However , since there are no sensors , the unit downloads all of this information from digital FM broadcasts via the MSN Direct network . These digital broadcasts are hidden among radio channels and provide all the local weather info your WMS801 needs , and it updates several times an hour . The information comes from the same MSN weather service that you can access on the web . But in order to get this FM information , you need to first goto the MSN direct webpage and see if there actually is an FM signal in your neighborhood . Most decent sized cities have it -LRB- it works in Chicago and Madison , WI -RRB- . The service is free with the purchase of this unit , but if you are not within the FM range of MSN Direct , then DO NOT purchase this unit.The unit also comes with a built-in sensor to measure your indoor temperature and humidity , and comes with a clock that sets itself automatically . All of the buttons on the edges of the device are easy to hit and make sense . You access the different features of the WMS801 much like it was a watch . Hit the `` mode '' button to access the different categories and then hit the `` select '' button to cycle through the items within that category . Relatively simple.SCREENThe screen is a standard LED type with a nice indigo blue background light you can turn on in the dark . It 's highly visible and the font sizes are large enough that you can see it from a reasonable distance -LRB- about 0-9 feet -RRB- . The one downside is that you can not display both the indoor and outdoor temperatures at the same time . It only takes one button press , but still , it would have been nice to see both temps simultaneously.WEATHER INFOThe WMS801 has everything you need about the outdoor weather
 My husband bought this gadget and I thought why in the world do we need it when we can check the weather channel or the interent . Well , I quickly came to know why he got it . It 's just a cool thing to have and looks very nice . It tells you the temperature , shows you the little cloud/sun , goes through the entire day easily by just pushing one button . I actually like it and my son runs up to it every morning to see if it 's going to rain . Also , the blue light goes off after a while and wo n't light up the room all night long . You just push the black base at the bottom and it comes right back on . There has only been one problem and that 's why I gave it four out of five stars . We took it to my parents house -LRB- they live on a lake -RRB- and it could not find a signal . So , if you live in the middle of nowhere it might not work . Otherwise , this is a cool weather station .
 My teenage son wanted a hooded towel , but they are very difficult to find in a larger size . This was perfect and the other swim team parents kept asking me where I found it .
 Sturdy great for drying wet shoes - easy to assemble can hold shoes , boxes or even boots . Modular so you can have it in the garage , basement or mud room . Fits in closets with ease . Great for children since it is made of plastic . Usually ships within one day
 This desk is large enough to sit and write out some bills and then folds in half and can be pushed out of the way . Exactly what I needed .
 I have a small home with no room for a permanent sewing desk . When I wanted to sew on a project , I 'd have a card table up in the living room for days . An annoyance to everyone . This is the perfect compromise . I pull it out when I need it and it stores by my baby 's crib when I do n't . Love it !!!
 I have never liked canister vacuum cleaners but found myself in a tiny house that only had one carpeted room and no utility closet in which to store my upright , so I ordered this one on Amazon . I paid exactly $ 49 with free shipping and hence my expectations were not particularly high . First time I used it , I was amazed ! This thing has far better suction than any vacuum I have ever owned . I swear it would suck up a piece of furniture if you 're not careful . I have since bought the Shark Vac 'n Steam and it is equally amazing . I 'm a total Shark convert and hope you will be , too !
 This compact vacuum cleaner is very powerful . It 's easy to maneuver because of it 's light weight and big wheels . Easy to clean under furniture . Works well on hardwood floors as well as carpet.The big disadvantage is that the replacement bags are very hard to find . I finally found an online store that sells them , although their shipping costs are relatively high . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have had 3 of this particular vacuum . My family has 3 large dogs and kids and we are absolutely BRUTAL on vacuum cleaners going through several $ 300 machines . The 1st shark I had had the most amazing suction that it was well - a shark - it lasted over a year -LRB- which is truly a record in this house where we vacuum 3 times a day -RRB- 2nd one not such a shark - even though it was the same model . The 3rd one is good but not as amaing as the first . This is a great vacuum for hard floor as the suction is very strong and there are no brushes or belts to break . It is not a good machine for rugs as it does n't really pick up well without the brush .
 I had a shark canister that lasted 7 years . It recently broke and I bought this model as a replacement . I was very impressed with the design and power . I was so impressed that for Mother 's Day I bought one for my mom for Mother 's Day . I made the mistake of reading the reviews AFTER I purchased the one for my mom . I was so upset at the reviews that bags were hard to come by that I canceled the order for my mom and went online to see if I would have a problem finding bags for my canister . I went right to Shark and placed an online order for two sets of bags on May 6th . I received the order today May 15 !!! Please . . If you want a good vacuum at a reasonable price consider this model . . and do n't believe everything you read !!!!!
 Despite its nearly all plastic construction , this little vac is quite rugged . We found ours at Target on clearance for $ 36 about 4 years ago . It did n't have the `` Roadster '' name and is labeled as Model EP709 . Maybe it got the `` Roadster '' name not only from its sporty looks , but because of the noise it makes . Sounds more like a little jet engine to me . This vac has great suction despite the noise and is easy to move around . Easy to store in a closet due to its small size . After four years of regular use as our main vacuum , it 's still in good working order . Our only problem recently is that the plastic hose has split near where it enters the nozzle . A little duct tape in the meantime keeps it together until we find a replacement . As for the bag scarcity , we bought several packages when we got the vac , which have lasted quite a while , but now we 're down to our last two . If we ca n't track down any more soon , I 'll make new ones . I save the cardboard collars from some of the old bags and attach them to similar size bags -LRB- of any brand -RRB- to make them fit this vac .
 This is my second Euro-Pro Shark canister vacuum , and for the quick jobs , especially my tile kitchen floor and hardwood stairs , I am not at all disappointed . It has a good deal of suction for a little machine . I 'm not as impressed with it for carpeting . The only other con , is that the hook to hold the tool does n't work , but the job it does outweighs this con .
 Purchased this gift for my mother-in-law for Christmas , received it just great , packed real well in the box . Came from Macy 's and right on time . Very happy with the purchase and the delivery .
 Rushmore has been my favorite all-time movie since it came out . It would take a short novel to describe how much I identify with the characters , setting , and writing . I 've always wanted a nice framed poster from this film and I hope to secure a Schwartzman autograph one day . Great seller , great shipping .
 I have owned this vacuum for over a year now and I love it . The vacuum doese a great job of getting up my yellow lab 's dog hair . It works well on both carpet and hard woods and I even use it with the attachments for my car . I have found that it is very easy to empty the canister and without making a huge mess . Occasionally , the filter does have to be taken out to be cleaned but it has not needed to be replaced yet . I have not had any problems with the vacuum overheating . I highly recommend this vacuum if you are looking for an inexpensive bagless upright vacuum .
 Ihave own this vaccum for 6 months now ; I searched for a vacum witha hepa filter because my family and I have allergies ; Like the others I too took the vacuum back because it cut off ; but i am told that that is a safety feature to keep the vacuum from over heating when you have it in down in a low position ; I think the vacuum does a great job in my house ; I have only 2 rooms of carpet and 6 rooms of hardwood ; I like the feature of the attachment being handy easy to use ; the the hepa filter works NO STALE VACUUM SMELLS I have clean my filter 2 times in 6 months ; other vac . with hep filter cost $ 200.00 or more
 I like the Shark it is wonderful , I have 6 cats in the house and new carpeting . I vacuum everyday or two , I like the looks of a freshly vacuumed carpet and no cat hair . It is great that there are no bags to replace , It is easy to clean . and the beaterbar is exceptional . I also live where the dirt is very fine , it is like baby powder only gray . The Shark is getting it up it is amazing to see the dirt it retrieves.You do have to clean the canister after every use to get the best performance , and watch to see that hair does not accumulate around the mesh screen . I bought the Shark to replace a band new Sharp I bought on July 13th 2004 , had it 40 days and it is broke . It has been in for repairs the past 20 days and still not fixed.The Shark does not have the problem with my carpet and collecting cat hair inside the ends of the beater bar that I have experienced with previously owned vacuum . I like the fact the Hepa filter can be washed .
 I really like my Shark Vacuum and I LOVE the handheld Mini Shark . I do n't have any problems with either unit . Unlike other reviewers , I 've never had a problem with the Shark over heating and it picks up dirt and what-not really well . The Mini Shark is wonderful , if my husband were a hand held vacuum , he would be this one . The price is also great . All over a wonderful deal .
 We thought this would be good on hardwood floors and was the reason we bought it , unfortunately it is n't that great on hardwood . Works excellent on our rooms with carpet though and overall it 's a great vacuum . Handles well , the light is bright , the attachments are great , everything about it is pretty damn good ... other than it 's poor performance on hardwood . It more or less just moves your stuff around.It does require you empty the canister a lot but I do n't know if that 's really a knock against it .
 I bought this product in hopes of dealing with my dog 's hair . It has surpassed my hopes in its ability to leave all carpets and floors very clean . Each time I use the unit and empty the canister I am amazed at its effectiveness . The unit is compact and easy to use and the handy agitator switch helps when going from carpet to vinyl/hardwood . The unit goes flat for under furniture . I highly recomment this product !
 This vac performs very well for me . I own three dogs who shed terribly and this machine gets it all up ! It also gets the fine dust particles out of my carpeting and that 's the stuff that causes carpet to wear faster . As I saw stated by another reviewer , you DO have to empty it after each use ... sometimes several times during use depending on how dirty the carpet is , but hey , think of how much of that dirt you 'd be carrying around in your old sweeper bag and blowing air out through each time you run it ! I love the smell of the clean air it filters out when I run it . No dust blowing out here ! I have severe allergies to dust and this machine has been a life saver for me .
 The novelty magnet is charming , though small . It took forever to get this . The postage and handling was more than the cost of the product .
 The die-cut was very lifelike . It 's heavy and well-made , and looks great on my fridge . This magnet features the typical &#34; Boston look &#34; .
 This is the cutest thing ever!Great graphics-really true to what the Boston Terrier looks like , and I have added it to my collection of all things Boston .
 I received the poster quickly and it came ina hard protective tube in excellent conditionI would definetly order from them again .
 We love it . Good size for our small house . Slim , so it is more discreet . Holds just what we need .
 Everything I would expect from a bed set . Richly colored , soft , and the comforter is snuggly warm . Fits well too , I was concerned as some ` Cal King ' sizes are smaller than others . My cat loves it too , wont stay off : -RRB-
 I love Peggy Karr Designs for her glassware and they make excellent gifts for weddings , birthdays , housewarming gifts , etc. . One of her plates was sent to Spain as a wedding gift for a relative . I wanted them to have something made in America , still the best in craftsmanship in the world . Another is going to another relative bridal couple this month . Amazon provided the best prices and the best service directly to my home . Another wedding coming up in May , so Amazon get ready for my order . You are the best !
 Ordered two sets of these chairs expecting a nice chair for this price.Chairs were much better quality then I expected . The chairs are much heavier in weight than I thought they would be , I do n't know if they actually are wrought iron or just a high quality metal , but they certainly have the weight , feel and appearance of wrought iron . The fabric on the cushions is beautiful , heavy weight and compliments the chairs beautifully . My cats immediately tried out their claws on the chair seats after putting the chairs together and were unable to leave a single mark on the fabric . I was n't sure how comfortable the seat backs would be with the metal scroll work and all , but the angle and the curve of the seatback make this one of the most comfortable dining chairs I have ever had the pleasure of sitting in . I highly recommend these chairs .
 I am all about the stars and the primitive country decor ! This is very well-made , arrived super fast , and is so cute !
 This paper towel holder is simple and pretty and easy to refill . I love that it 's made in the USA in Amish country , and was even packaged in PA newspaper . It was exactly what I was looking for !
 Everything I would expect from a bed set . Richly colored , soft , and the comforter is snuggly warm . Fits well too , I was concerned as some ` Cal King ' sizes are smaller than others . My cat loves it too , wont stay off : -RRB-
 I bought myself a similar product at bed , bath , and beyond a few years ago . And when some friends noticed them , I bought them the newer versions . These come in nice colors.This makes it so much easier than having to look for separate measuring spoons . I share my stuff with my mother who lives downstairs and sometimes bake in both/either apartments so my stuff is everywhere . Every time I go to look for my 1/4 tablespoon , for instance , I have everyone but that one from the set ! So annoying and it drives me crazy . But no more with this life saver . I just grab this one gadget and I have the whole set with me!The only con I found , if you would even consider it that , is that when you need to measure a few things you usually have to wash it/rinse it -LRB- especially going from a liquid to a solid -RRB- . You could buy a few to avoid that , though it is n't very time consuming.Its very easy and simple to use . There is a slider on the handle that you just move up and down and position it at the clearly labeled amount that you are looking for.It comes apart for easy cleaning , and is dish washer safe , though I have never tried it . I usually end up hand washing everything after baking.It also has a magnet on the back so you just leave it on your fridge . Ca n't get lost in your drawers . If possible I prefer to put it on the side of a refrigerator as it does stick out and may sometimes fall off with the doors opening/closing . I also bought the bigger size . Love it just as much . Both are a necessity in my kitchen .
 Something did n't seem quite right about the inavailability of replacement bags . The DeLonghi website was showing this model as a current one so I took a chance and ordered replacement bags from their website and then ordered the vacuum from Amazon.com.I just received the replacement bags and the carbon filters I ordered and my vacuum -LRB- being shipped as I write this -RRB- has n't even arrived !!! This seems like a great deal . Do n't be put off buy reviews that claim you ca n't get the filters .
 this is really a great vacuum , very light , very powerful very useful . very high ratings from CR as well various vauum rating sites -LRB- typically allergy forums -RRB- . As far as bags not being available , that is silly , I found them at a dozen different retail outlest on the web . this is the internet age friends -- just google ! the bags and filters are easily avaiable and very reasonable
 If you have hardwood and tile floors then this is the vacuum for you ! I like how you can adjust the amount of power that it uses and it is not as loud as most vacuums . It does an excellent job with pet hair . There is no disgusting canister to empty or a filter to clean like with my old vacuum . I had no problem getting bags for it at all . The person that rated this as one star because they said they could not get bags should remove that rating because it is just not true . I ordered the replacement bags on Amazon and had them in 2 days . My local vacuum supply also stocks the replacement bags . This vacuum is wonderful !
 I bought this vacuum , it came with 3 bags , and I ordered the bag kit -LRB- asin
 We purchased our Delonghi Super Scopa over 5 years ago because of our need for a high powered vacuum for hardwood floors , with the versatility to vac rugs , too . We were very happy with our purchase for the years that it lasted which was almost 6 . This vac works great on dust , particles , and dog hair and offers return air filtration . With the flip of a switch you could safely go from rug to hardwood floors . However , we did have issues finding replacements bags - it seems Delonghi does n't support this vac any longer . We did manage to find some online and were rocking and rolling , until I accidentally sucked up a small hair binder and the motor went kaput.After taking it to the vac doc , it seems our pretty girl is dead . Delonghi makes mo parts to support her existence . I would love to find another one - if you are trying to unload one or have a motor available , please contact me!It 's too bad that Delonghi does n't make or support these anymore . :-LRB- What else compares for hardwood floors and rugs .
 I like this vacuum for the kitchen , because it gets under the counters . Bags are hard to find , but Amazon does sell them . Does not work too well on carpet .
 I agree with all other reviews . The vacuum is great , but if I had known that the replacement bags are impossible to get , I NEVER would have purchased it .
 These chairs are very sturdy , and easy to assemble . They will also be very easy to re-cover when the time comes . A few of them had some areas where the finish was damaged , but overall we were very pleased with them . A definite upgrade for the seating in our breakfast room with their whimsical sun design backs . Most chairs that I looked at in this price range were no where near as fun or durable .
 Well , what can u say about chairs , very good quality and we like the design .
 I bought these chairs for a beach house and recovered the cushions . They are perfect for what I needed . They added interest to the space , are very sturdy and a great value considering I did n't want to spend a lot of money .
 I bought this holder because my rolling pin -LRB- maple rolling pin from Williams Sonoma ; the cylinder is 12 '' long and 3 '' in diameter -RRB- does n't fit comfortably in any of the drawers in our kitchen . This well-made holder is a great solution - it gets my rolling pin out of the way and acts as a nice decorative touch . The holder does not come with a screw or hanging device .
 We were trying to figure out how to display my mother 's rolling pin in a grouping on the kitchen wall . I was running out of patience until I found this display rack on Amazon . I LOVE IT AND AMAZON.COM There is a small hook on the bottom of the rack where we also hung her old measuring spoons ! My mother loved to bake and is now deceased , however , her rolling pin and measuring spoons remind us how wonderful she was and how much we miss her .
 Someone made me a very unique rolling pin for Christmas and I wanted to display it . This rack was just what I wanted . The rolling pin was a little larger than a normal rolling pin but we were able to bend the rack a little to make it fit . Made very sturdy and looks great !
 It was a gift and my friend loves it . Her sister had given her one just like it . She said to grive it a five star .
 nicely crafted rolling pin holder for my retro kitchen . well made and reasonabaly priced . received via post in a reasonable length of time .
 Perfect - well made . My order was processed quickly and item arrive undamaged . My grandma 's rolling pin looks great displayed in this holder .
 Very easy to hang . I just needed one and the rolling pin hides the hook where you would add a 2nd one if you ordered it . Very fast shipping too !
 I ordered 4 of these to display antique rolling pins . The racks easily hood together with a hook you ca n't see in the picture . It is hidden by the pin . They are beautiful and functional . These are items that you will pass down through generations of rolling pin lovers along with the special rolling pins . The racks are made of cast iron , with the simple swirl design . The part that holds the pin is curved out from the wall . I have one very large pin , long and with a 3.5 '' barrell that would not fit on the rack . It can be altered and then my prize pin will be on the wall with the others . This is a collectors item . Proudly made by the Amish in the USA .
 This item is well made and of top quality . No trouble to hang and the antique rolling pin fits perfectly .
 Thank you , the rolling pin holder is beautiful w / my antique rolling pin . Delivery was as promised . Again Thank You , I am very pleased .
 Everything I would expect from a bed set . Richly colored , soft , and the comforter is snuggly warm . Fits well too , I was concerned as some ` Cal King ' sizes are smaller than others . My cat loves it too , wont stay off : -RRB-
 First let me explain why I purchased the Sharp `` OTC '' . We recently updated our kitchen and decided on a standard hood vent for above our stove . When it came time to replace our Microwave that had been sitting on the counter , we wanted one that was a `` space saver '' , i.e. Over-the-counter . There were very few to choose from ! So we decided to go with the sharp.I have not been disappointed at all ! I was originally concerned about the installation . It was a breeze . The sharp is a nice size microwave as well , not a compact.As for the 5 stars I 've given it , I have very little complaints.Pros
 As the only over-the-counter microwave I could find anywhere , Sharp filled a big need of ours . We recently built a new home and chose the gourmet kitchen from our builder . This offered a very nice double-oven and island cooktop but no microwave . The Sharp over-the-counter microwave was the perfect solution to save counter space.I really like this microwave and do n't understand ANY of the previous negative comments I 've seen on it . It looks great , works great and was easy to install . The task lighting is really nice above our granite countertops . This is n't a cheap microwave but in our kitchen , it looks more expensive than it was . I would recommend it to anyone looking for an over-the-counter solution .
 I bought the Sharp R-1214 because I wanted a more powerful range/fan unit over my cooktop and needed to replace the old micro/hood unit . I did not want to sacrafice counterspace so I purchased this Sharp R-1214 . Installation was easy with the provided templates and it is very clean looking installed . The microwave is very powerful , and has more than adequate room inside . I like the sensor settings , task lights , and stainless finish . I would buy it again .
 I bought this produce recently and so far so good . In particular it looks great in the kitchen because it is one of the few available `` over the counter '' microwaves which means that it looks like a built in without the price . I 'm very happy and I thought the service through Amazon was great .
 Even though this is not the cheapest microwave that I was able to find for the space , it works just right for my needs . If it lasts a couple of year , I will be happy . Amazon had the best price for this particular unit .
 You wo n't find any other microwave like this , it seems . It offers built-in features but in a non-enclosed , hanging type of installation . The price is also right . Two halogen lights on the bottom illuminate the counter . Programming of the buttons seems good , though I have not got into the full breadth of that yet . Easy to clean . Door opens well.Only reason I gave it a four and not five is that Sharp discontinued making it . Dumb ! Definitely worth buying if it fits your design .
 We have only had this microwave installed for a few days , but so far we think it is great ! It is a wonderful space saver , fits perfectly under our cabinets , looks super and performs as expected .
 I love it ! It was an interesting challenge to install it !! and the learning curve to run it was also a bit of a challenge but after that ... . it 's terrific and I highly recommend this brand of microwave and this style if you 're looking to clear counterspace as I was .
 I purchased this microwave just last week . I liked that it has the large capacity with a smaller footprint and loved the way it looked . I am not able to use an over the range microwave and have very limited counter space so this was a great alternative . I wish I had known before I purchased this microwave that the cord comes out the top right center and is probably 3 ft long . This added just enough height that it really needs an additional inch of clearance from it 's listed 14 '' height so keep that in mind when considering where you intend to place this microwave . Probably makes little difference to most people but in my situation and location of outlet it will cause some extra work to mount it and the microwave is currently waiting patiently on the counter . Because this microwave is designed to be hidden within a cabinet it does n't have a completely finished look to the sides and top-yes I realize this is advertised as Over-the-Counter but Sharp could have designed it to look as great on a counter as well . Again , does n't affect the intended purpose of a microwave but it would have been nice if the sides and top all looked as sleek as the front and be careful with where you set it as the bottom scratches the surface it sits on without much effort.All in all , it works well so far and is quieter than the microwave it replaced . Saw a couple comments about issues with the display and control placement . Time will tell if the controls being in the bottom of the door is an issue or not .
 It was hard to find an over the counter microwave-so I am very happy that it really works well . . haslots of bells and whistles but is still easy to run.Arrived in 2 days in perfect condition .
 The under-cabinet design meets our counterspace needs . It works great heating items quickly . Excellent quality .
 Product is of good quality and easy to use . Would buy at twice the price !!
 Love the cookie cutters . Am making Christmas ornaments out of them . All personalized for my son.GREAT !!! Fast service . High quality product . Multi-use product .
 I used these cookie cutters to make heart shaped toast and they cut through the toast just fine , so I am sure cookies would be no problem . It is nice to have a range of sizes and straight and scalloped shapes . They do not cut into your hands when pressing but if you are making something tougher , you might want to consider something else with more of a handle .
 I am very pleased with the delivery schedule and ease of assembly with this product . In addition the chairs are sturdy and look as good as advertised
 I had bought these chairs -LRB- or ones similar -RRB- years ago , and when I wanted more , I could n't find them locally . I ordered these and they are exactly what I wanted . Assembly is easy and they stand up to pretty rigorous use very well . My original ones have lasted 8 years now and still look great ; no wearing on the paint or finish , just a few puppy teeth marks : - -RRB-
 I have had one of these knives for years . I bought it for the purpose in which it was made . This is a great knife for cutting LETTUCE . It wo n't cut cake because it is not made to cut cake . I just bought one for a friend.Metal knives destroy vitamins in lettuce and make the lettuce go rusty faster . Before this knife was invented it was better to tear the lettuce . Now we can cut it with the `` PERFECT LETTUCE KNIFE '' !!!!
 I purchased this clock for my parent 's home to fill a space between two paintings . It 's the perfect addition , and we 've received many compliments about it . It 's just the right size for the wall and does n't overpower any other decorations in the room . It runs on batteries and is ready to go out of the box . Very pleased with the purchase and would recommend this clock .
 This clock is just what I was looking for - a large , metal clock that is easy to see from a distance . The quality is great and just as described . Packing was carefully done and hanging the clock was easy . It ticks very quietly and you really do n't notice it even in a quiet room .
 Beautiful clock ; just as it appears online . A little pricey , but hopefully it will last longer than the $ 20 clock I bought in my local home goods store . Howard Miller is a good brand that I felt safe purchasing and the clock appears to be well made ; I 've had it for less than one month now . Unfortunately , the packaging was not secure -LRB- shipped in the product box only -RRB- and I thought the clock would be damaged , but upon opening the box , the clock was in good shape . Thankfully , UPS was gentle with the shipment .
 The York Station Wall Clock was purchased for my husband for Christmas . We have returned many Christmas gifts over the years , but this was loved . The quality , workmanship , and history make this a wonderful addition to any home .
 Fit our spot perfect , everything I was hoping for . Love the aged iron color . Good quality , keeping time like it should .
 We 've had this clock at our home for several years and ordered a second one for our winter home . The first one we bought keeps good time so we expect the same from this one . It 's been here abour two months and so far , so good .
 This is the second of the same clock we 've owned , the first meeting its demise after 6 years and a nasty file during home construction . My wife and I looked at dozens of clocks , but this simply fits us and our space in great fashion . Battery life is great and it keeps good time .
 The clock was just as ordered . Just what we wanted . it arrived in under a week to here in Australia . The only problem was the packaging ! The outer box was 2 1/2 times the size of the clock , so the post office would not deliver it . Had to make a 60km round trip to the freight depot ! The clock is only approximately 22 inches , but with all the packaging I could just fit in my car . A case of overkill .
 As others have described , decent unit , especially considering the value . Instructions were fairly clear , although some interpretation needed , and peg hole #s for DVD usage were incorrect . There is some mild ` echoing ' in the exterior finish from the camber screws pressing on the inside , but hopefully this will not worsen over time.I also found that one part was missing -LRB- in a bag with almost 250 parts -RRB- ; this was a critical euro-head screw to fasten vertical panels to each other , not readily available on the local hardware market . Company did not respond at all to urgent email , so I was forced to engineer something from my garage screw supply . I am stunned that a few extras of each part were n't included ... each hardware item has to cost mere pennies.Others remarked that unit was difficult to move after assembly ... perhaps on carpet , but I installed self-stick felt pads to the base , and it slides readily on hardwood .
 I have over 200 DVDs that fit perfectly with room to spare . Product was easy to assembly but a little time consuming . Very stable on carpet , looks great , and works great . The only issue was the rotating device which is just simple plastic rollers , but work fine . A little wd-40 will fix any squeeking that they may have . Product is made of particle board , but i found it to be plenty durable for it 's use . Overall well worth the price and a great product .
 This was a gift and they love it ! The box arrived somewhat damaged so I was a little worried . However , it was packaged so well that the item was n't touched . The directions made it easy to put together and it holds all their movies and music in a small area . This is a must-have ! One note
 I got it as a Christmas gift for someone and they loved it.its is very sleek in black . perfect size.not to big and not to small . doesnt fit as much movies at it says it does.easy to assemble but takes a while . loved it anyways.plan to get another one to have on other side of tv .
 I love this item . It holds so much in so little space , cds and dvds both . I even can place something on the top and look at it from all sides as I look for a dvd .
 Gret product . Easy to assemble . Good instructions . Sturdy . I finally have a way to store all my DVDs in a closet where there is not much space . Luckily , the rotating shelf design is a rel space saver .
 Got this for my hubby to replace 2 plastic ones he has had for nearly 20 years . It was easy to put together and big enough to house all of his collection with even more room to add more.It is a nice tower , however , I have noticed that if you only turn it in one direction , the bolt at the bottom loosens and the tower gets wobbly .
 This CD tower greatly exceeded our expectations . I tend to feel a little paranoid about anything that requires assembly , fearing badly drilled holes , incomprehensible instructions and missing parts . None of this happened with this solid , well finished unit that only took a bit of time and patient following of instructions to be completed.The only downside is that I had ordered a black unit , but the one we received was a combination of black and cherry . Because the material was of higher finish than expected , that was n't an issue , however . It looks terrific , turns easily and keeps hundreds of music CDs perfectly organized .
 The CD rack came without a tracking number , -LRB- causing me to lose 3 days pay waiting for it -RRB- and took 4 weeks for UPS to deliver . Once put together , the Rack work out very well . I would buy it again . If they could have deliver on time , I would given it a five star .
 My wife and I decided to purchase this media tower and are very pleased with it . It compliments our family room furniture perfectly . It was easy to build and revolves easily . When building be careful not to throw away the revolving spinner because it was taped to the bottom side of one of the card boards . The wood is pretty sturdy and has a great look .
 Have been using this for almost 4 months now ... . It is a very high quality unit . It takes about 1/2 hour to put it together . It 's revolving ... . Fits DVD 's or CD 's . . It taks up hardly any room . . Buying this will make you very happy . It 's worth it .
 This item was everything promised . It arrived on time with no damage , assembly was fast and easy and it looks great in our family room . For such a small amount of floor space the capacity of this unit is amazing . The price was amazing too .
 Very happy with this reasonably priced purchase . This is a slim tower that keeps everything organized and easily accessible . The turn-table moves smoothly and all the shelves are adjustable so you can really customize the fit . The assembly was n't difficult , instructions were easy to follow . With interuptions , assembly took me about an hour .
 This was fairly easy to assemble other than the shelves . The shelves and pegs were TERRIBLE to install ! The shelves fit VERY tightly in place and needed to be forced into place . The pegs did n't fit very well in the holes . I had to pound most of the pegs in using pliers -LRB- a hammer is to big to use in the small space -RRB- . However the product turned out great and I am very happy I bought it . This media rack really does hold a lot !
 This is a very nice media center . It fits a lot of stuff and then some . The only downfall is it comes in a million pieces and is time consuming to put together . Other than that , It is a great product for the price !!!!!
 Took me about an hour to put together . Was a little nervous about other reviews saying the shelving pegs was difficult , I personally did not have an issue just twisted them in . Holds all my DVDs and looks incrediably smart and appears very sold . The price is excellent !
 I bought this CD rack for my husband so he would have somewhere nice to keep his all his CDs and be organized at the same time . It shipped really quickly and arrived in one big long box . It offers plenty of storage and is almost taller than I am , which gave us a laugh . It was easy enough to put together and the directions are pretty easy to understand . Took about an hour with him helping me every now and then . The hardest or most annoying part is putting the little pegs in , but other than that its cake . Its very sturdy as well . All in all i would definitely recommend this to anyone and I have a feeling we will be purchasing another one in the future . Hubby 's got loads of CDs .
 This is more like a 4.5 star review . The product looks very nice once assembled and appears to work as you 'd imagine . The only knock on it is the assembly that is required . It is n't really too difficult , but it is a bit time consuming . Be prepared with screwdrivers , and a hammer . Also , some of the screws can be difficult to get in , because of the angles that you are working with . Overall , decent product at a good price . Free shipping is always great !!!
 I think the product was accurately described . It was not difficult to put together . I saw a similar , or maybe the same , product in an in-flight magazine for much more . The only thing I would change is in the design , there is a way to make room for much more storage , which would be to make the side wood panels less wide . But , the unit still meets my needs ...
 I 'd bought a larger one of these years ago from a catalog and loved it so I figured I 'd get a little smaller one when I moved . I did a Google search and after comparing prices between sites offering this exact same tower , Amazon came out on top for price and reliability ! It did n't take that long to build , and it came out perfect ! Awesome product at an awesome price ... you will not be disappointed !
 I love this product . The delivery was quick , the installation was easy , and it was just what I was looking for . If you have alot of CDs or DVDs but not alot of space this is the perfect product . I have two and recommend it highly .
 I have installed other photo ledges before and while they were fairly simple to hang , this system beats them all ! All you have to is hang a small plastic strip on the wall -LRB- it has a level built into it -RRB- . You add one nail at a time , keeping the level where it needs to be , and then you are done . There are optional anchors and screws if you need them . Then all you have to do is put the ledge on the plastic piece . The piece is made of hard plastic and has a lip for the ledge to hang on . No worries , as it is very sturdy ! I use the anchors , because I tend to put several heavy picture frames on mine.The finish is a nice and comes in several other colors . They are made of wood and laminate materials -LRB- but most photo ledges are -RRB- . There is a lip on the top to help hold frames in place . The Burnes of Boston product line is a bit more expensive than other ledges , but it is worth every penny . The hanging system and detail are worth it . You can try mixing and matching the sizes if you have a large wall to put photos/displays on .
 The detailing is grand . Re doing my Masterbedroom and this clock will be one grand piece .
 This was a gift for my wife . She loves to cook and managing a cook book while tried to follow a receipt became more and more of a problem . With the holder , reading and following directions are much easier . The holder seems to adapt to most size books and articles , however it would be nice to open wider for thicker books .
 This rack is strong enough for my thickest cook books . It 's study and keeps the correct page opened . When I 'm done , it folds flat and fits on the bookcase with the books .
 Holds even the largest cook book my wife has and can easily read through the plastic cover in front of the pages . It sits at a good angle on the counter with the non adjustable angle being the only drawback . Folds as flat as a cookbook for easy storage .
 No complaints , just a little smaller than I thought it would be . I still recommend it . Word word word word .
 I got this for my mom for christmas . It works well for what it 's supposed to do as far as I know .
 Strong - holds up a big cookbook . Plastic cover does a great job . Finally , it folds flat and not too heavy - easy to put away . Love it .
 I did n't personally use it but it was a gift for the woman who has everything , loves to cook , and does n't need any more cookbooks . It folds flat and the splat protector is a unique plus . I think she is very happy with it .
 Although initially I thought it was a tad pricey , I cook 5 -6 nights a week and fooling around with cookbook pages and keeping them clean gets old . Thisworks perfectly and looks good in my kitchen . It is very sturdy and can support my heaviest cookbooks . It can be easily cleaned if it should get a splatter esp . when cooking with the kids . Great gadget .
 This is an attractive cookbook holder that works great . It can fold flat for storage and looks great on the countertop . Can hold single pages of recipes or hold a cookbook open .
 Efficient design ; takes up little space , but displays and protects the entire book . It 's getting lots of use in my kitchen . Easy to clean and store .
 I was surprised when this arrived to find that this cookbook holder holds the book in quite an inclined position , such that it takes up a large amount of counter space -LRB- 8 x 12.5 inches , nearly a square foot -RRB- , not happiness for small kitchens . I was assuming it would stand more vertically than it does.Also there is nothing behind the acrylic other than the open frame to hold one 's recipes . This does n't matter if you 're putting a book under the acrylic , but you 'll need to stick a board or something behind any printed-out loose recipe page or card if you want to use this product to protect those.The particular item I received arrived with a gap or crack in the bamboo frame as well . Such is the sad quality of so many products these days.That said , the acrylic is clear and smooth and I can read through it easily . I hope I like this more once I 've had it a while .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas . He is very pleased with it . It looks so nice that we have it out on our kitchen counter all of the time with a cookbook in it . Very happy with the product .
 This cookbook holder was even nicer than shown . Any books sets easily into it and no food gets on the pages anymore . Folds down to a slim thickness .
 I thought this product was a little expensive at first but when I first used it I did n't have any regrets about buying it . The plastic protects your cookbooks from stains and holds them open so you can spend more time cooking instead of fumbling around trying to keep the book open .
 Great stand for cookbooks . It folds up so compactly , I am able to slide it on the shelf next to my cookbooks ! Works great .
 Bought this gift for a friend that couldnt find this old wooden style anymore . She was really excited when she got it !
 This is a must tool to have around . Makes the perfect shape `` Tostones '' !!
 I bought these to go along with the children 's set . I thought it would be nice to have adult size cups to go along with her set for me to use as well as for her as she got older . Then she would always be able to use it no matter what age she was . I am very pleased with it . I love how each cup is different in shape and color .
 I received this tea set as a birthday gift several years ago and it has gotten lots of use ... in fact one of my teacup 's saucers is cracked and I am thinking of ordering another set of teacups I love this set so much ! They are so pretty and I love to mix and match the cups and saucers ! Enjoy !!!
 I was fortunate enough to find two , new in box sets , at a local thrift store . So I snagged them both for my daughter 's 5th birthday party . We had a Mad Hatter Tea Party and these mismatched cups and saucers were absolutely perfect ! I was a little worried about how eight 5-year-olds would handle these but they did wonderfully and over half of the guests were boys . I wish the colors were bolder but the sweet pastels looked lovely with the table setting.Very cute , durable set and the hatbox they came in is an adorable way to store them . Ca n't wait until our next tea party !
 I gave this as a gift to a dear friend . She absolutely loved it . Very well made and beautiful finish .
 I had been looking at this set for quite a long time before purchasing it . It turned out not to dissapoint when I received it . It is so cute , colors are true to the pictures and packaging is great in fact I display them along with the cute hatbox they came in !
 If your looking for something whimsical or are into the Mad Hatter look , than this set is perfect for you . It is absolutely adorable and so sturdy . It can even be used in the dishwasher and microwave which is an added bonus .
 What is there to review ? This was an exact replacement for the part that I had that slipped into the garbage disposal ! It works great !
 I 've had a Krups espresso machine for several years , and I 've ground up this little attachement several times in the garbage disposal . When I go to the store where I bought my machine , they usually claim to carry the item and go to the display to get one and there are none there and I 'm told to `` check back '' later . On a few other occasions I 've `` checked back '' and the store clerk has them under the counter and just hands me one as they know it 's a tough item to find so they 'll do me this little customer service to help me out . But then if they 're tough to find ... why do n't they stock more ? I suspect that they perpetuate the problem by handing out this tough to find item and just never buy more . I 've never bought a replacement , I 've just had them handed to me . This little thing is absolutley required to make decent frothed milk and after I stupidly grind it up by accident , I 'm more than willing to buy a replacement . I 've asked at every store that sells this model to help me get one or more replacements for future garbage disposal incidents but I 'm always told to `` check back '' . I just wanted a way to buy this thing on a regular basis , it 's small , gets lost or `` disposaled '' so I just want to know where to go . Leave it to amazon to add this silly little item to their site and save me many frustrating trips to the department store .
 Great product with no problems what so ever . I would gladly buy from Kryptonite Kollectibles again in the future . Thank you .
 The mug came very quickly , so quickly , my husband almost found his present early ... . I am so glad I found this mug , again . My husband broke the original Harley Mug -LRB- just like this one -RRB- several years ago . When I accidentally found this on Amazon , I was so HAPPY I could finally replace it ! So is he ! Thank you !
 I broke my husbands mug , so I decided to purchase him another one . He loves Harley Davidson 's and eagles . This mug would be perfect . The mug is super solid . It goes in the dishwasher and nothing has changed on it.It came so quickly and he was really surprised . He loves it !!!
 Product is very sturdy , and holds up a 35 '' tv -LRB- oldschool not flat panel -RRB- no problem . Be very careful when putting on the back panel , and even though it clearly says make sure it 's a 90 degree angle , you might want to double check before putting it on and only put in a few nails , as the doors may appear slightly off . Otherwise it 's a surprisingly good sturdy buy , and one of the taller stands that we have in our house . I would probably buy another product from Techcraft based on my experience with this one .
 Not too difficult to assemble , looks nice , suffices for the job -LRB- holds a 42 '' TV -RRB- - only issue I had was that the doors do n't actually meet when closed . There 's about a 1/4 in . gap , and I could n't see how to adjust it . Overall , I 'm very happy with it . I did n't want to pay $ 300 - $ 800 for a TV stand/storage cabinet .
 The Techcraft Veneto ABS32 TV stand is well made , attractive and cost effective within its price point . This unit was easy to assemble and went together well . When completely assembled , it was sturdier than I expected . I have a 50 '' Samsung plasma TV on top of a ZVOX 550 speaker system , with a combined weight of around 90 pounds . The stand feels very solid and does not wobble or move . Bear in mind that the stand will not feel solid until completely assembled . The top shelf had what looked like a small white scratch , but it was more of an imperfection -LRB- perhaps intentional because it was smooth -RRB- . There was a product sheet explaining that surface imperfections are part of the distressed black finish and this is normal . This one imperfection was on top - if there were more of them on the product 's finish , then it would n't have stood out . However , it 's small and the stand looks great overall . The doors work well and help keep dust off the components inside . I recommend this product if you are looking for a cost-effective , solid TV stand .
 We are quite happy with our purchase . It looks really nice in our theater room . It houses our receiver , TiVo , Blu-Ray player and PS3 .
 This TV stand was the perfect fit for my movie room . The cabinet has a good finish and was easy to assemble . It is a very sharp looking piece of furniture .
 I bought this because we needed something to use as small entertaiment stand in our small living room . It is made kinda cheap , but you cant beat how it looks for the price . Im very satisfied with it so far .
 The product was perfect for the area I wanted to place it . My sonhad no problems assembling it and it looks beautiful .
 Quiet , perfect for a small space , or a window . I use it to keep air circulating in my room by having it in the window , venting out . I have been using it 24/7 for months now , and it works perfectly .
 I use it in a window to bring clean air into the house . Works good and is quiet . Well worth the money spent .
 This fan was used most of the summer . It 's not seeing much use right now , but when we needed it , it was on all night , every night - and it 's still running quietly . It 's been excellent value for the money invested.Update
 We love these . Easy to use , run quietly and no vibration . A very good buy and will continue use and buy as needed . Happy with the price/value .
 I was sick of luke warm coffee that I brewed each morning . I was looking into purchasing a Keurig-but read that once again luke warm coffee was produced . I have had french press and began searching . Was going to buy a Bodum-but remembered the process of boiling water , warming the pot , etc. and was turned off ... I continued my search.The West Bend 57040 is perfect for me ! I am the only coffee drinker in the house . I pour water into the machine-just like my expensive coffee maker , freshly grind my beans , pour into the bottom of the 4-cup pot and the best cup of coffee is born ! Easy to use , easy to clean ... love it ... love it ... love it ! Would recommend to anyone who wants a HOT , wonderful cup of fresh coffee .
 This French press is outstanding . We love it . It 's the only one I use out of the eight coffee makers that I own which includes one other electric press and three manual presses .
 I searched forever for a all-in-one French Press and settled on this one , over the more expensive option . And I am SO glad ! I use this daily -LRB- sometimes twice a day -RRB- and it makes delicious coffee . It 's so easy to use and clean . My only complaint - it only makes one big size cup of coffee at a time . So if you 're like me and your significant other wants a cup too - then you have to make another one -LRB- or share , which is NOT an option ;-RRB- Highly recommend .
 I really love this french press - it 's just the perfect size for my 4 cups that I take to go in the Morning . It takes about 5 minutes to brew .
 I am not fond of the coffee made by typical drip coffee makers and was looking for an alternative and was delighted to discover an electric french press . The West Bend 57040 Electric French Press CoffeeMakerWest Bend 57040 4 Cup Electric French Press , Blackmakes a fine cup of coffee but it really does n't make enough coffee . It is most ideally suited to a light coffee drinker as it makes about 2 mugs of coffee . For the price it is a good product but I would like to find something that 's built a little sturdier and capable of making 2-3 times as much coffee . I am inclined to say you could do better with an electric kettle and a large Cafeteria or Bodum french press although you would be looking at spending much more money .
 I have spent hundreds of dollars on coffee makers and have been very snobbish in thinking I could not get an American made one because it would n't get the water hot enough . I also love the coffee from a French press . Because I wanted to have the automatic capabilities with the French press , my options were few with the only other one available getting rather poor reviews . Reluctantly -LRB- and because I had a $ 100 gift certificate -RRB- , I tried the West Bend for $ 39.99 . IT IS FABULOUS . The water is VERY hot and so it makes a fabulous cup of coffee .
 Product works as advertised . I have tried other electric french presses with poor long term results . This one is dishwasher safe and works great . Best of all , it makes great coffee . The only negative is it 's 4 cup capacity . Four cups works for me , but may be small fo rsome families .
 I was looking for a self-contained coffee press where I did not need an outside way to boil the water . This coffee press fit exactly what I was looking for . Both my wife and I enjoy a good cup of coffee , and this unit does fit the bill . I would recommend this to anyone who needs or are looking for these requirements . The only drawback I noticed with this unit is that I wish the size would be for eight cups instead of four as it makes a great cup of coffee .
 I am new to the concept of French Press , so did n't really know what I was buying . If you 're like me and thinking of trying it , here is my impression . There is no way to set the coffee so that it will brew itself in the morning . You have to physically get up and turn it on . You can put the water in the night before , and put the coffee in the pot , but do n't make the mistake of putting the pot on the unit , because the water will drip out into the pot even though the unit is turned off . I thought this would make enough for my son and I to each have a normal coffee cup full , but it really only makes 2 cups that are about 2/3 full . It takes a good 6 minutes for the water to fill the pot , and then another 3 to 4 for the coffee to brew , so plan on 10 minutes of waiting in the morning . The coffee is good , though , and it makes great tea from loose leaves .
 I purchased this product for my sweetheart , an avid drinker of good coffee . The West Bend Electric French Press was perfect for her work , where heating -LRB- filtered -RRB- water was problematic . This product sufficiently heats the water to the necessary temperature and quickly produces a carafe that , after four minutes of steeping time , produces a top shelf cup of smooth coffee.I also found the price to quite a bargain given the comparison to standard French Presses and the required extra preparation equipment needed . I 'd have no problem paying a bit more for this , now that I 've used it and see it 's worth.We took this device with us on a romantic get-away , along with a filtered-water pitcher and supply of fresh , course ground coffee , -LRB- both necessary for great coffee from a French Press -RRB- , and enjoyed our mugs of java without having to leave the room.Of course , no coffee maker can make a good cup of coffee with bad water or stale or ADC grind coffee , as I suspect to be the case in the few negative reports I 've read about this item . I would also emphasize the clearly marked MAXIMUM fill line on the carafe being critical as filling above that mark may lead to grounds finding their way above the plunger screen and into your cup.A competent operator is the best suggestion for consistent , quality operation of the West Bend Electric French Press and that 's not included by the manufacturer .
 The West Bend 57040 4 cup electric French Press is everything I was hopingit would be easy to operate and clean . I would recommend this product to anyone wanting an attractive compact maker that serves 2 full mugs of great tasting coffee .
 I bought this for my husband who loves coffee . I did a little research and deceided to try this unit . Boy am I glad I did . It is wonderful ! So easy and makes a great cup of coffee . I would recommend this unit to anyone ! Great little coffee maker !
 I wanted the French press taste w/o having to heat a kettle of water . This thing is so easy to use ! It makes about 2 big cups of very strong coffee - think of it as two cups of near expresso - which I love because I like my coffee strong . My husband wishes it made more at one time , but it 's perfect for me .
 This works just like it should . Water is done in about a minute . Just let your coffee brew for a few more minutes and press . The best tasting coffe comes the French press method .
 How nice to have my new quiet air conditioner delivered to my door . It was well worth the few dollars for delivery service since I live in an upstairs terraced apartment and did n't have to carry it from the store , to the car , up to my place . Easy to intall , too . Inspiring experience-thank you , Amazon !!!
 MY GRANDDAUGHTER WAS HAVING A SIX YEAR BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION AND THE THEME OF HER PARTY WAS BUTTERFLIES , SO NEEDLESS TO SAY , GRANDMA HAD TO COME UP WITH THE BUTTERFLY BIRTHDAY CAKE . I ORDERED THE WILTON BUTTERFLY PAN AND IT CAME VERY QUICKLY AND I MADE THE CAKE AND DECORATED IT WITH VERY VIBRANT COLORS AND MY GRANDDAUGHTER ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT AND SAID `` THIS IS MY BEST BIRTHDAY EVER '' !! THANK YOU FOR SUCH PROMPT SERVICE AND A VERY GOOD QUALITY PRODUCT . I WILL CONTINUE ORDERING DUE TO YOUR QUALITY PRODUCTS AND EFFICIENT AND WELL PACKAGED PRODUCTS .
 The pan is so cute . Once the cake is baked , it 's easy to see the indentations for decorating it . Make sure to grease and flour well for easy removal . I would suggest not using a box mix as it may be too light and may even break . I found the edges baked much faster than the center . Keep checking it often , as 2 extra minutes of baking can be all the difference between being done and being burnt . I was n't sure how high to fill so my cake baked up a bit too high and I had to trim off the excess for a smooth , flat bottom . By far the easiest cake I 've ever decorated !
 I bought this cake pan , because my niece 's birthday is coming up , and she is having a butterfly themed birthday , and I am going to school for culinary , and I figured this would be the easiest way to make her cake . . I might put up pics when I finish making both of her cakes !!! Hopefully she will love her favorite uncle after this !!!
 I made the cutest cake using this cake pan for my daughter 's 1st birthday . Everybody was impressed with it . I probably will never use it again but it was worth it for my daughter .
 This is a multi functional pan too . You can do different kinds of butterflies as well as other flying bugs . Bees flies whatever your imagination comes up with .
 This pan worked great for my daughter 's 2-year-old birthday party . I sprayed with Baker 's Joy -LRB- flour is built in to the spray -RRB- and the cake turned out nice and moist . It baked evenly and the pattern came out very clearly so it was easy for me to ice the cake to make it look like the pictures that came with it .
 I bought this to make my daughters first birthday cake and although I have n't used it I 'm hoping for great things . It looks and feels just like a Wilton pan so I 'm going to assume no one replaced the stuck on Wilton paperwork . I find it funny that it had to go from the US to Canada and then back to the US before it got to me though . I 'll update my review after my daughters birthday.Update : The cake came out great ! I 'm not sure how to post a picture with my review otherwise I would because the cake was cute .
 Wonderful - easy & looked so adorable and colorful ! Perfect for daughter 's first birthday !
 Came packaged well , no damage to the pan . Made a beautiful cake . Works as all Wilton pans have for me . . great .
 This pan hold a box of cake mix perfectly , I made 2 for my daughters 2nd birthday parties . I sprayed with pam for baking and nothing stuck int he nooks and it cleans up like new .
 Loved this pan ! Really easy to remove inner paper and adhesive ; washes well . Cake comes out of the pan really easily and can still see the imprint to follow when decorating . I made my own design for my daughter 's 1st birthday and it got a lot of great comments on it .
 I got this for my daughter 's 7th birthday . After reading the reviews , we made sure to oil it up really good -LRB- I used Pam and flour -RRB- . We baked according to directions , and it came out PERFECT . The cake slid out of the pan - if truth be told it came out easier than most pans . The shape was perfect , and it was easy to frost.Highly recommended !
 I used this for my daughter 's one year birthday . It turned out nice but a little smaller than I was thinking it would be . I did make one , filling it about half way , and then made another with about the same amount . This made sure that it cooked evenly in the center . The indentions were perfectly fine and I had no problem with seeing them as I was decorating , as some review stated . I would recommend this product for a birthday or any other party .
 I purchased this to use for a baby shower but with four -LRB- soon to be five -RRB- granddaughters I 'm sure it will be used A LOT !
 I made an ices in this pan when my 9 month old daughter was dressed as a butterfly . I made two layers , purple - grape and pink - raspberry . it was adorable . I sent it to my mother in law . everyone went crazy over it . And best of all ... . the ices was delicious !!
 The Scunci is superior to any other steam cleaner out there on the market . The steam has more than enough pressure to take care of the job . Several other brands I tried were weak by comparison .
 I used my daughter 's steamer over 10 years ago , but she has since lost it . I happened to get this exact model at Goodwill this weekend for $ 6.00 . It was only missing the measuring cup and funnel . It was in perfect condition and runs great . My grandson was cleaning the kitchen and bathroom floor with it . The fine point nozzle is perfect for cleaning tiny spaces like the hinges on the toilet seat where dust and projectile urine gets trapped.Keep in mind that this does not suck up any condensation . It 's not like a carpet steam cleaner that sprays and sucks . It only steams , so keep a rag handy to wipe up after it , if necessary.I was worried that the extension hose would get too hot to hold , but it does n't . It comes with a decent length of cord . 15-1/2 feet . So many appliances these days do n't . I have n't tried the brushes . It says you can clean bbq grills with them.The squeegee attachment is pretty slick for cleaning windows . I have n't tried it on windows , but the grandson used it on the dishwasher door for a streak-free shine.I think the unit heats up pretty fast , even when using ice cold water from the water dispenser in the fridge . In less than a minute , it 's steaming . With continuous steam , it loses pressure and you have to let it rest for about 30 seconds for it to build up again . The maximum amount of 9 oz of water does n't last long . Before you remove the cap to refill it , just press the button down to release any additional steam before refilling .
 Great product at a great price . Easy assembly , very sturdy and nice looking to boot . Prompt delivery . You will like this item .
 The stand arrived promptly and was fairly easy to put together . It requires two people to construct the stand . My TV looks very elegant on the it ! I regard it as a good purchase , and it was cheaper than at local big box stores .
 I purchased this stand primarily because the top tray was both large enough to hold my center speaker while providing reasonable elevation for the speaker . Price was also a factor - similarly designed stands cost twice , some even nearly three times as much.I was able to put the stand together on my own . It of course would have been easier to do with a friend , but if there is no one around to help you , you can do it alone with little trouble . As others have noted , the directions are poorly written , or rather poorly drawn . After looking through the parts and directions for about 10 minutes , I finally understood what the directions were asking me to do - the total construction time was about 30 minutes.The one part of the construction that you really should have a friend help you with is hanging the TV on the mount - but I still did that alone.Overall , I am happy with the stand . It holds the TV at a good height , the design of the stand is sleek and minimal -LRB- it 's not a big piece of gaudy fake wood furniture that calls attention to itself -RRB- , and the bottom tray has lots of storage space . As you can see from the pictures of my setup , I have my receiver , CD player , Blu-ray player and SACD player down there . I could have also fit my cable box in there , but the box gives off a surprising amount of heat , so I wanted to keep it away from the other components.I would n't hesitate to recommended this stand .
 My husband & I saw this TV stand in a local Department/Hardware store . The store had one on display , & none in stock ; Of course , when you want to buy something , they never have the one you want . The display model was already sold as well . Checking surrounding stores within a certain mileage , there were n't any available elsewhere either . So , I did some research , & would n't you know , I found the same exact TV stand on Amazon.com , for less !! It was priced at a good $ 40 - $ 50 more at the store . Since this was the one my husband really liked the best , we purchased it online and received it in like 2 days . It was a bit hard to assemble , just because your working with glass , but it once you did get it together it looks great . We have these surround sound speakers on the bottom shelf , & my toddler constantly knocks them over , making a very loud banging sound . The glass has never cracked , chipped or even marked up in any way . I like the fact that the TV can swivel from side to side , and the 2 shelves make it easy for the other entertainment devices like the cable box or DVD player .
 Very sturdy piece of furniture . It is a dust collector as mentioned by previous reviews , but you do n't really notice unless you 're up close or looking for it . Solid product .
 I bought this stand for my Samsung 46 '' ToC TV and it fits in like it was made for it.The stand itself is beautiful - Great angles , perfect size , nice metallic foot cap accents . shelves themselves are made of an opaque glass which gives the stand a lot of weight , but I prefer that over something flimsy.There are cable access holes in the upright , although if you have a lot of tech you may find yourself struggling to feed the cables through.The stand is very heavy , and if you follow the directions for assembly , you will likely need a helping hand to hold the glass in place while you tighten screws and the like . If you 're creative , you can probably makeshift something to take the place of a person , but it 's not terrible.It really makes my entertainment system pull itself together .
 I opted not to mount the TV -LRB- a 50 inch plasma -RRB- on the swiveling stand , because the TV came with a stand attached and I did n't want to hassle to get it off . It would have been very helpful to have written directions on how to assemble this very heavy stand , rather than schematics . It took me an hour with the help of two motivated daughters . One other negative-the black glass of the shelves look very dirty very quickly . Clear glass shelves would have been a better choice . But overall , well-made hardware despite source of origin .
 Love this stand.Pros
 I ordered from Amazon and received the TV stand in a timely manner . It took me about 1.5 hours to assemble it by myself . I put my 52 '' Samsung LCD TV suspended on it by myself . It looks great and is very functional . Although it 's hard to hide the cables behind it . It is not the most sturdy stand but it does the job . The suspended look for TV is very cool .
 The Techcraft TV stand has an appealing clean , sleek design and is good value for the money . It came well packaged -LRB- a good thing , since the shelves are glass and the outer box arrived quite battered -RRB- . It provides the needed tools for putting it together , but no extra screws or parts , so you need to be careful not to lose any . The TV stand itself can be tricky to put together , and the instructions caution that two people may be required for virtually every step of the process . It can be done by one person if you are strong and patient . However , the glass is easy to chip , so you need to be very careful putting the shelves together with the legs . Once completed , it presents a sturdy but attractive centerpiece , which allows you to easily swivel your large screen TV and has a clever hollow core for hiding your power cords and cables to maintain a clean look . I knocked one star off the rating because of the lack of extra bolts or screws , the ease with which it chips , and the fact that most people will need to have help to put it together .
 very rarely buy sight unseen but when i saw this in my house with my 46 '' Samsung LCD . everyone agreed that it was rich looking . very pleased with Tech Craft and Amazon .
 When the stand arrived , the box was not in good shape . But the contents was packed very well . Not a single part was damaged . With the well laid out instructions , I was able to put the stand together in no time by myself . Though , I do want to mention that the stand does not slide on carpet very well.I purchased this stand with the Samsung LN46A750 . This LCD TV has a wide glass edge . I read about people complaining about the wide bezel , but when paired with this stand it looks great.Now for my wish list . I wish it could swivel wider . While the wire routing passageways are wide enough to fit a lot of wires , I just you could pass the wires down through the top shelf . Instead , you have to pull the wires out , go below the top shelf , and stick the wires back in . If you want a clean look . Finally , the shelves are at a good height , but I wish the TV could sit higher up.I would HIGHLY recommend this product , especially with the Samsung `` Touch of Color '' line of TVs .
 This unit looks great , holds my 52 '' LCD with no problem . Has plenty of room for components with enough room for a center speaker to fit between the TV and top shelf . The box it arrived in was beat to hell , but the unit did not have anything broken , dented , or missing . It does the job !
 There are not many products you can buy these days that are of good , solid quality but this item is . It arrived the Friday before the Super Bowl which was 5 days earlier than we expected . It was easy to setup and it easily holds our 47 inch LCD tv . Very sturdy and a beautiful looking stand . Highly recommended .
 The TV stand itself is fantastic , the instructions that came with it , not so much . There are about 25 different screws and other little pieces that are labelled differently than in the instruction manual so its basically trial and error getting the thing put together . There is also absolutely no way one person could put this thing together by themselves , Definitely a two man job . An hour and a half later , though , you will be in love with this stand !
 This is a `` solid '' TV stand . It weighs a ton in the box . We put a 46 inch TV on it and I definitely will not have to worry about whether it will stand up . Even with everything I have on it now it easily slides across my tile floor in the basement recreation room.I was a little concerned about the glass shelves getting to us in one piece , but the packaging was very good so no issue there.Assembly was a little time consuming , but you get the required allen wrenches and there were no missing parts . The time it took was well worth it.I actually seen this same stand at another web store and it was back ordered , it was a good thing I checked Amazon it was $ 70 cheaper and was `` in stock '' . I wound up getting a few other things that were less expensive on Amazon as well.I would recommend this stand to anyone that wants a solidly built product.Amazon rules !
 + Easy to assemble + Space for receiver + Blu-ray player on bottom and center channel on top + Well-builtThe mount on the stand is tilted upwards a few degrees so the TV is not perpendicular to the ground . Consequently , the screen has a very slight pentagon shape from the perspective of my sofa . It 's not really a big deal . I ordered the stand a year ago and have n't been annoyed enough to fix it . Now that I 'm moving I will give the manufacturer a call .
 The instructions were very helpful . I found that it was straightforward . My only trouble with this was actually mounting the TV on it . I used the included mounts from the tv . It came with it 's own spacers for the screws in the back of the TV . This kit worked very well , and my house is very satisfied with the outcome . I 'm currently fabricating a protective plate over the tv to save a few bucks and get the install correct . The setup is great and it looks really nice . The cable management system is cool on this as well . I recommend this for those who are technically inclined . It 's worth the money as it looks great and the outcome was fantastic for me .
 This stand was packaged up very well . A good thing seeings how the carrier had dropped it on one corner . Thought for sure the glass shelves would be broken . . but nope . All parts and pieces were fine , assembly was easy and it supports my 60 '' plasma even though only rated for up to 52 '' TV 's . About the only draw back I really find is the fact the TV does n't lock onto the stand in any way , just kinda sits in place and held on with a small set screw . . Dave
 It holds my TV . It was fairly simple to set up , but the instructions could have been a little more detailed.Very sturdy design , and looks great when assembled . My cats really enjoy leaving their paw-prints all over it .
 I saw this item at CompUSA , but then found it at Amazon . It was only a few dollars cheaper here , but also no sales tax & free shipping . It would have been a hastle to get it home from my local CompUSA in my small Toyota Celica , so having it delivered and for less money was a no-brainer . Then Amazon got it to me waaay faster than they estimated . The stand is heavy but I was able to get it into the house & assemble it myself -LRB- & I 'm not a big guy -RRB- . Very pleased & Amazon rocks !
 Techcraft Solution Series TRK50B TV StandGreat looking thick glass and heavy holds my 42 '' VISIO HDTV
 My daughter found this unit online under a Canadian name -LRB- Arcadia -RRB- for over $ 368 dollars plus shipping but is was no longer available at that price -LRB- had gone up - way up . -RRB- She fell in love with the design so I did a little digging and found this unit under the U.S. manufacturer name and model munber then searched for a vender.Lo and behold Amazon had it for a most reasonable price including shipping and what a deal !! Since I had an account with Amazon I ordered the unit and it arrived in 5 days!I set it up and it was pretty easy too.My daughter loves it along with her new Sony 46 '' flat , new FIOS HD TV package , new Sony PS3 , and her Toshiba A2 HD DVD player.It all looks fantastic on the Techcraft but now , she says the Sony flatscreen is too small : -RRB- I recommend this unit highly if you need or want a lower to the ground unit for your needs AND it accomodates the above items -LRB- including the FIOS Motorola unit -RRB- very easily !
 I love this stand . It 's simple , effective , very attractive , and classy . If you do n't want to wall mount your flat-panel TV , this stand is solid choice . It makes your HDTV `` stand out '' from the typical pedestal stand as it `` suspends '' the flat-panel TV in mid-air . I researched this stand on the manufacturer 's website at -LSB- ... -RSB- before buying.It 's very strong and sturdy and `` suspends '' my brand new 50 '' Plasma in mid-air giving it a `` WOW '' factor . The TV bracket can hold up to 125 lbs . and the two black tempered-glass shelves can hold up to 80 lbs . for your home theater sound system , etc. . Remember the black glass attracts dust but I usually cover my plasma tv and the shelves until `` showtime '' so it 's NO big deal . In addition , you can swivel your tv about 10-15 degrees left or right once it is mounted , plus it has cable management to hide all the cable/wire clutter . The black gloss color compliments very well with my black panel plasma HDTV . I invited guests over and they said one word
 This is a great TV stand . Properly assembled , it is very sturdy and holds my 46 '' Sony with ease . Barring any accident such as dropping something heavy on one of the glass shelves it should last many years . Once you have the brackets bolted on the back of the TV , it is easily mounted to the stand , and would be as easilly removed when necessary . It swivels a little and the height can be adjusted about 6 to 8 inches during assembly -LRB- though the TV would have to be removed from the stand to change the height afterward . -RRB- The assembly instructions leave something to be desired , consisting of six exploded drawings with arrows and dotted lines , and is not the easiest diagram I 've ever followed . Typical written passages are '' CAUTION
 It is made for 50 '' or smaller but my 52 '' Samsung LCD fits great . Everyone gives compliments on the TV and the stand .
 Purchased this stand from Ritzcamera through Amazon . Item arrived promptly and actually earlier than I expected . Putting the stand together was a little daunting at first , and two people is recommended as the glass is heavy , but I was able to put it together myself using the instructions and handling the glass VERY carefully . I currently have mounted my Samsung LNS3251D 32-Inch LCD HDTV and it fits snugly . Only complaint is that the bracket actually obscures the input/output area making cable connection difficult for me . However , this is likely a symptom of having a smaller TV . I imagine larger TVs -LRB- which this stand is designed for -RRB- will fit much better on this rack . In any case , I was able to connect every cable I needed to . On my stand is an Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 along with 2 computer speakers . There is plenty of room for both systems to breath which is a big plus . On the bottom rack I have a DVD player and a Wii and plenty of extra space . The mounting bracket swivels which is a bonus . Overall I am happy with this stand . It looks nice and gives the living room a mature look . I am planning to purchase a much larger TV -LRB- 52 '' + hopefully -RRB- so that I can make better use of this stand . I am extremely happy with this purchase.If anyone knows ... I would like to mount a 55 '' LED TV -LRB- the very thin type -RRB- on this stand . Since these tend to weigh less , there should n't be an issue with mounting ... am I right ? Just wondering if anyone out there has tried it . Thanks .
 Outstanding TV stand - very attractive and easy to set up . Handles my 46 '' Samsung handily . Good design , and it hides cable clutter very well . I would suggest , however , that you make your connections in order of the thickest cables first , because the space inside the support tower fills up pretty fast . The only negative is that there is no real ability to adjust the viewing angle either vertically or horizontally . Otherwise , I 'd have given it 5 stars . Caution ! This sucker 's heavy even without the TV , so make sure it 's in the place you want it before mounting your TV .
 This is a great stand at a great price . Universal bracket worked great with our TV -LRB- Samsung -RRB- LN52A750 . Easy to assemble . Product arrived quickly with no damage . Only small complaint is that the dust REALLY shows on the black shelves .
 Good , solid product . As advertised . Actually have n't mounted my tv on the bracket yet , but my Samsung LN52A650 fits nicely on the top glass shelf.Assembly is a bit tricky with one person , but do-able .
 This seems like a high-quality stand . As another review stated , this TV holds a 52 '' Samsung LCD just fine -- LN52A550 in my case . The bracket width adjusts sufficiently for the set 's mount-hole spacing , and the TV mount 's 150-lb rating easily accomodates the 60-lb TV . Looks nice and goes together quite easily -- instructions state it 's a two person job , and it probably should be , but I managed it all myself , aside from hanging my rather large TV.Minor quality issue
 This is a great baster for two reasons . 1 . the crown around the cylinder which really does make this dripless , and 2 . the cleaning brush.The plastic crown is perfectly positioned so that the baster rests horizontally , so you can put the baster down on any flat surface , without worrying about making a mess , or contaminating the baster.The cleaning brush makes cleanup a breeze . Though this is dishwasher-safe , I 've always preferred to hand-wash basters , because the dishwasher can never quite get the long tube clean . Now , with the included cleaning brush , it takes seconds , and I do n't worry about putting away a greasy baster.Good update to a kitchen essential .
 I bought this combo to replace my 20 + year old telephone/radio/clock . It takes up so much less space . Clarity on the phone is excellent . I love the Caller ID - especially if the phone rings in the middle of the night . I get good reception on the radio and the alarm works well . I think the volume on the alarm could be a bit louder , but hey , what do you want for 20 bucks ? I love it and and it works well for me .
 I was very pleased with this trifle set . I made a trifle for Christmas and it looked lovely
 First off , the specific model I own is actually the AF-S125EX , but I understand they are really the same , except the 125 is apparently sold only at Costco.This is a thoroughly modern 12,200 BTU window unit with an EER of 10.8 , which is excellent . It has electronic controls including an infrared remote . Just punch in the temperature and fan speed that you want . A timer lets you start or stop it after a period of up to 12 hours from the initial setting time . The front panel has a sleek pleasing appearance with louvers to direct air upwards and to either side . Blowing air downwards is not an option , but that is typical.Sharp has registered the term `` Library Quiet '' for their A/C products , which may sound like hype , but especially compared with my previous unit of the same BTU rating , this thing is QUIET . At first , I thought only the fan was running , but I quickly realized it was actually pumping out cold air.I have n't had it long enough to comment on reliability , and we have n't had any really hot days yet , but so far my feeling is that I could n't have gotten a better air conditioner for the price paid . Finally , this unit only weighs 73 pounds , which make it relatively easy to install and uninstall every year . Other A/Cs with this capacity tend to weigh about 15-20 pounds more.Bring on the heat ; I 'm ready!Oct '05 update
 This case can hold over 100 cigars with the foam trays removed . On a recent trip to Africa , I brought a combination of everything from Petite Coronas to Presidentes totalling about 110 cigars . Every cigar survived the journey as I travelled via planes , expedition trucks , safari trucks , ferries , cabs , and mini-buses . My cigars and I travelled from Seattle to Dubai to Johannesburg and then from Vic Falls through Zambia , north through Malawi , across Tanzania , over to Zanzibar , into the Ngorongoro Crater , onto the Serengeti , into Nairobi , on safari in Amboseli National Park , into Tsavo West National Park , over into Tsavo East National Park , and finally into Lake Nakuru National Park . Just the overland portion of the trip was 12,000 + Kms . This case protected my cigars through all of it ! The pressure release valve was a welcome feature following elevation changes and flights .
 I took this case to Iraq and with the dry climate it worked fine . 130 degrees with no humidity . My cigars worked awesome
 I got some `` steakhouse '' knives for a gift one year . They had wood handles that have dried out over the years from dishwashing . So I looked around for some replacements . These are the ones I ordered , and I 'm very happy with them . I do n't even use the knives that came with my flatware set anymore . These are all I need . They are nice and sharp to cut through meat with ease , and wide enough to spread butter on bread . They also have a black plastic handle that will not dry out like my old wood ones . They are made by Messermeister , a good brand . Perfect !
 Went looking for two more Storehouse Portofino stools but the line is discontinued . Discovered these chairs at a fraction of the price . Purchased two , including shipping , for less than half of one of the Storehouse chairs . These chairs are of course not the same size , color or quality but look similar enough to use for extra chairs.They look great and like I paid much more than I did . Very happy with the purchase . + + No assembly required !!
 I have these on every of my windows - each room different color . It looks very nice . I am satisfied with the style and quality of material .
 These curtains are a soft , lush material that would complement leather , microfiber , velvet , or chenille furniture . They drape beautifully .
 When we moved into our new home some of the windows already had these window treatments . I have spent the past month searching for the same items . Thank you amazon.com ! I am purchasing more panels because I love the look . They lay beautifully , are full and lush . If you are looking for a `` casual '' treatment for your windows these are the one you want .
 I am so pleased with my new Hoover Self Propelled Windtunnel Vacuum . I 've used a Hoover for years and when it finally needed replacing , I had to do some research to find another one like it , knowing that products are n't generally made as solid and reliable as they once were made . This vacuum has the edge that sucks up dirt close to the baseboards , which satisfied my greatest concern . The embedded dirt finder truly gets to the deepest portion of the carpet , resulting in a beautiful clean finish . It 's easy to push and I especially love the signal that indicates if an area is clean or if it needs a few more strokes . After using it for a month , I know I could n't be happier with another vacuum .
 I hate getting something and realizing I ca n't use it until I get something else ! I 'm referring to alcohol wipes . In order to hang these , you need to clean the area first with an alcohol wipe . I think 3M could have afforded to throw a couple of them in with the hangers . They only cost about 2 cents each . Having said that , I have to go find my bottle of rubbing alcohol to put the hooks on the wall.I have used many of these , in various sizes , and for the most part they 're great , BUT if you have a texture to the wall , they MAY not stick .
 I love these hooks . I used them for hanging framed prints -LRB- not too huge , but much bigger than an 8 '' x 10 '' photo -RRB- on my walls , into which it is impossible to drive a nail or screw . I 've had them up for about a month and had no problems . They worked just as advertised . I have also bought , from the same brand , the huge hooks for hanging a mirror and the velcro-like strips for hanging smaller items . They all work great .
 I was a little skeptical about this item being that I had always hung things with the standard nail and hammer . However , I can truly say that I am completely satisfied with the ease of use and the value of this purchase . A must have for any home or office .
 These things are great . I bought a pack of two and then bought six more because I just needed hooks to hang up all my things . Multipurpose hooks that are removed easily and they do n't mark the walls so I wo n't get fined at my school.Definitely worth purchasing again if I ever need more hooks especially at just over a dollar a piece .
 Purchased these because the shower dispensers I bought and installed in my kids ' shower did n't have any type of hooks for their wash cloths to hang from . Installed with ease right onto their shower wall above the faucet area .
 These hooks were great , were delivered quickly and easy to install . I hang a bunch of different purses on these in my closet and they hold up well . They are great way to display and hang my purses without nailing a rack to the wall .
 These Command Medium Hooks are so handy and easy to use . They really do stick on the wall , they seem to be very sturdy holding things up . I got them at a great price and they really came fast !!
 Bigger than I thought but work great . They stick great and do what they should . I highly recommend these hooks .
 These hooks are easy on and off and can support a lot of weight . Perfect for the holiday season hangings !
 The product so far works well on walls for small objects and I think if one follows the instruction , the hooks can work for longer . The instruction is detailed and quite user-friendly with two color-labels .
 These hooks were great for my Christmas decorations . I hung my stockings on the fireplace , my wreath on the front door , and my advent calendars on the wall . These are easy to remove and do n't leave marks on the wall .
 these have proven very useful , but mind the limits of these things , try not to hang anything too heavy on them .
 We used these to hang holiday decorations temporarily . They worked well and I was pleasantly surprised that they were so simple to remove .
 These wall hooks work great there pretty strong , strong enought to hold a large jacket at least , no complaints easy to remove just push the hook up and pull the tab to negate the adhesive strip .
 Do you live in a small , cramped city apartment ? Well , so do I and these have been a great tool for me ! When you do n't have any more floor/counter/closet space , these allow you to take advantage of your wall space ! I hang towels from these in the kitchen , a -LRB- small -RRB- laundry bag from these in my bedroom , and my bathrobe hangs on one of these as well . They remove easily with a pull of the tab and do n't leave any adhesive behind . Highly recommended !
 They hold a lot of things i put on them . So far i have used them as coat hangers and pot and pan holders . great so far !
 These go up without a problem . So easy easy , a caveman could do it . Taking it down is easy as well , although I did tear some paint off the wall .
 So far the product works great for hanging a broom , a mop , a dust pan , and a kitty litter scooper.I am more impressed with the company that shipped the product . I ordered this on Friday afternoon and it arrived on Saturday morning . Two day shipping in less than one !
 Use these to organize things like hanging flashlights , small telescopes , keys , and so forth . They are easy to use and most important they stay right where you put them .
 Having moved into an apartment with little storage space , I needed places to put belts , umbrellas , bath robes , etc. . Trying not to damage the walls or doors , these provided the perfect solution for me . Easy to set up anywhere , and very strong once in place . My only problem is keeping myself in check with how many of these I put up . They come in many sizes -LRB- and strengths -RRB- and I used the small and medium ones to great effect .
 These are great and very sturdy . They hold heavy towels and bulky purses . They can also be removed very easily if you did not place it in the right place , and there are additional backs provided .
 My dorm room does n't have any hooks to hold up my jeans and pants . So I bought two packs of these Medium 6-Hooks , and stuck them on the wall . I made sure to exceed the instructions and press down on them for dear life till my fingers went purple . Then I waited for more than an hour -LRB- maybe about 5 hours -RRB- . And they work perfectly . I 've hung up all my jeans , shorts , pants , belts , a few dish cloths . I 'm totally buying these again if/when I need more .
 I have to say that 3M continues to bring out quality and innovative products.I have hooks up on my wall for a year now and still no issues.I use these hooks to hang keys as soon as i walk into the house as well as to hang my bath towel in the bathroom.I have had no issue with them coming off after an hour like others might claim.If you follow the instructions , they will work as advertised.Remember to :1 - Clean the area on the wall to be of any debris on the spot where you will stick the hook .2 - Apply pressure to the sticky for the 10 seconds as indicated on the instructions3 - Let the hook hang out for an hour on your wall before you put any pressure on it.As i stated before ... i use them on my wooden door in my bathroom and they have held up just find . They hold up a wet bath towel when just fineUsing these for over a year now and they have made hanging things much easier for me.Buy these with confidence .
 I actually bought my hooks from Lowe 's , not Amazon but they are the exact same size and brand and I love buying online so I thought I 'd share my experience.So glad to say these hooks stick a lot better than I thought they would - they were a last resort for hanging up my shoe organizer - I lost the original hooks which latched over the top of the door . I purchased some different over-the-door hooks , but they were too big for the holes . Luckily , the store clerk showed me these and said that a lot of customers actually come in to the store looking for them specifically.After 2 days , the shoe organizer is still hanging securely to the door even with several pairs of boots and other shoes on it .
 I use these in many places in my home where I do n't want to leave holes . I hang pictures , towels , jackets . Great product that holds well and does n't leave a mark .
 If you need hooks this is a real no-brainer . I rent the house I am in so the less damage I can do to the walls the better . I love these and highly recommend them to anyone bc they do exactly what they say they will and do n't leave any damage behind .
 I have used these ALL over our house.Used at Christmas for wreath on front door glass and to hold up stockings.Have used around the house to hold cords behind dressers or in utility closets for cleaning supplies or to hang dog collars or leashes on.Literally millions of household uses.I am buying another pack immediately .
 Box contains 6 hooks and 12 double stick pads to attach them to wall . Very easy to use . I am happy with htis purchase .
 I 'm deployed and my living area is about as big as two twin sized beds . These hooks , combined with hangars and survival cord has helped greatly in allowing me to maximize the space in my area . The hooks are easy to install and support a decent amount of weight .
 These handy hanging hooks are very convenient to use , require no skills to `` install '' and can handle a reasonable amount of weight without worry of a middle-of-the-night crash . I probably would not try to hang a sledge hammer from one but they have certainly been handy for small hand tools and kitchen utensils . No issues at all even in a very dry , high altitude environment .
 My husband is crazy when it comes to damaging our walls ... he does n't want to pound a nail in the wall . These hooks work great because they go on easy and do not damage the walls at all . I recently used these on my kids ' bedroom doors to hang some canvas I painted with their names on it -- it worked great !
 These work wonderful - no more nail holes in the ealls , but make sure you let them set for 1 hour before hanging
 I know these have been around for awhile now ... but I just tried them . I put up lights in my classroom and did n't want to put permanent hooks around the windows . These were easy to use , leave no trace residue and actually can handle more weight than I expected . I 'm impressed !!
 Nice item and works great ! If you are considering buying one such thing , this one must be a good buy .
 Very sticky , doesnt damage the paint , can move em around without much hassle . I live in a cinder block fortress so holes in the walls are n't an option ... These are actually better than nails .
 These are very useful for home use . i stick them behind my doors for towels or ropes and they dont fall off at all . They can actually hold very tightly . I also stick some in the kitchen to hold the swifer and other tools . Very very useful yet so cheap !
 When I first saw this product , I hoped it would be perfect for me . I wanted something that I could put up in the kitchen , and use to hang up my apron . My husband and I rent an apartment , and the landlord would n't approve of us drilling into the wall to put up permanent fixtures.I was a bit skeptical at first about this product when it arrived . The hooks were quite small , and the sticky pads were n't all that sticky . But I tried them anyways , and so far , -LRB- 1 week later -RRB- have n't had any complaints . The hooks support the weight of my apron very easily.The only thing I will say about this product -LRB- and this could be seen as both a good thing and a bad thing -RRB- is that the sticky pads come separately . This means that you have to peel off the backing , attach the pad to the hook , then peel off the other side and attach that to the wall . On the plus side , this means that if the pads should lose their stickiness you can always just stick on a new one and reuse -- on the other hand though , I found it a bit difficult to get the pads aligned onto the back of the hook -LRB- though I managed it eventually -RRB- . Overall though -- good product .
 The hooks have been great for hanging this and that around my apartment . I 've only ever tried the medium sized hooks and have never had an issue with them .
 These hooks are perfect , they arrived quickly and are just what i needed . I put them in my closet on a bare wall to hang purses . Thanks !
 HAD NO WALL SPACE TO PUT ANY HANGING DEVICE , JUST THE OUTSIDE OF A CLOSET DOOR . DID N'T WANT TO MAKE HOLES , SO THIS HOOK WAS THE PERFECT ANSWER . NO TOOLS , NO HOLES , EASY , ONE - STEP APPLICATION.TRUE TO ADS . LOVE IT3M Scotch Command Adhesive Hook Value Pack , Large , Holds 5 lb , White , 3 per Pack -LRB- 17003-VP-3PK -RRB-
 Yeah , the white color is a bit tacky , but you ca n't beat the value for the quantity AND quality . I wish they made value packs of the silver hooks !
 I have a textured surface shower in my apartment so suction cup hooks are not an option for hanging loofah 's etc. . These work great in the shower and I can easily remove them when I move out !
 We do n't have a ton of decent organizing space , so we 've hung these around the kitchen . They 're great for smaller skillets , strainers , and other lightweight kitchen products . They keep the medium-sized things ready at hand for use . Have n't had any fall or malfunction yet , and they are simple to remove when we want to rearrange . Absolutely a must for any apartment situation where you need to keep organized !
 I moved 4 months ago and used only command strips in the new place . I have hung up several picture frames , some larger multi-picture frames and one mirror , and 4 months later nothing has fallen . Great product !
 Good product works well , does n't fall off . It seems sturdy and looks cute.Not very large , so do n't expect to be able to hang purses on them but jackets , and necklaces would work well .
 I used these hooks to organize my closet to hang up my belts . I can see these being a must-have for college dorm rooms , tenants , or someone who does n't want to mess up their walls.I went to a local hardware store to purchase because it is difficult to imagine the actual size of items that it would hold by viewing online.The hooks are on the smaller side and it says they have a 3lb capacity . I 'm not sure how much a belt weighs , but they have n't budged or come loose at all . I 'm impressed for such a small strip of sticky glue that it works as well as it does . -LRB- it 's also super easy to install -RRB- It does seem kind of pricey when you compare to the standard screw in hooks , but it looks as though you can reuse them which is a nice perk . I was surprised to see there were extra strips included in the package for future use .
 I bought thirty packages of these ... Command 17001-VP-6PK Medium Plastic Hooks Value Pack ... They are great I use them to hang necklaces , scarves , hats and visors ... a great way to organize your stuff !
 Replaced my kitchen cabinets recently and did not want to damage them with nails . I bought these hooks at Lowe 's . They are sized medium and wo n't support anything in excess of 3lbs . I needed a hook for my apron and a hook for my calendar . Followed the instruction with one deviation . I did n't hang anything from them until the adhesive cured for a couple of hours . I did this after one hook came down on another occasion and it seems to have resolved that problem . From past experience , uninstalling is simple.The main reason I like the Command system is that it does n't leave marks or cause any damage . Tried similar items and they caused damage or left a sticky mess.My only gripe is that they are overpriced . I still have failed to find these bargain priced and I am a bargain shopper .
 Does what it is supposed to do . Very helpful . I hang about 2 to 3 pants on each hook and it holds up just fine .
 Out of the box , installation was simple and very easy . Throughout the use over the past several months , I 've had good but also mixed resultsSome thoughts : * Can certainly hold up to 3-5 lbs - be it jackets , umbrellas , keys , anything . * However , one or two of these fell , but that could partially be our error . * Saves a lot of space and looks good on the wall , or wherever you decide to place these . * Does n't hurt your wall and easy to take off.Overall , a good solution to not having to put holes into your walls . Just be wary that potentially , one or a couple of these hooks may need some adjustment to stay on the wall .
 It might sound silly that I would review something so small , so simply but it 's also so effective.I bought a 6Pack of Medium Command Hooks which came with 12 adhesive strips so that you can reuse the hooks . This is perfect when you do n't have any air tools and do n't want to leave a mess.Right now I 'm using 3 of them in my cook/shoe closet to hang up my broom , Swiffer and the previously mentioned Swiffer Duster . Because I have no space in my pantry and no other kitchen closet , I had to shove these items in my coat closet . However , the floor was already full of shoes so I decided to `` build up '' instead.Peel off the line on the adhesive strips , stick it to the hook , stick the hook on the wall and wait an hour . The medium sized hooks are meant to hold up to 3lbs but 3M makes hooks as small as mini and as large as jumbo as well as hooks with different shapes and even chrome hooks to add a little style.So far , I 've had no problems . The hooks stick wonderfully and my Swiffer Wet is probably over the 3lb limit -LRB- although the fluid bottle is not full -RRB- . When it comes time to take them down , all I need to do is push up on the hook and it will slide off , revealing the end of the adhesive tab . Removing them , which I have done before , is simply a matter of pulling the tab until it comes undone and your wall is free of damage and residue .
 I love these hooks ! I set them up throughout my dorm apartment , and they have never once failed me . I can hang a bath towel -LRB- pretty heavy , I would say ! -RRB- and hand towel onto one hook , and they will remain on it perfectly . I also use them to hang purses and totes , winter coats , belts , and a dry erase board . They have - never - `` sunk '' or loosened - all the hooks remain firmly in the position I set them up in -LRB- which , by the way , was a breeze ! -RRB- . I highly recommend these hooks and ca n't see why others did n't like them - maybe they messed up on adhering them to the wall ? Or maybe they just tried to hang too much - every product does have its limit , after all . But , with proper use , these hooks sure have been a valuable addition to my apartment !
 I have only used one of these so far , and while I do n't anticipate putting much weight on this hook there is one thing I must mention.They do NOT hold well on textured surfaces like dry-wall with said surface and latex paint . The first experiment showed that the surface had to be lightly sanded to give a more consistent surface texture , and then cleaned . I used a 400 grade sandpaper , and cleaned the surface with a rubbing alcohol swab.This time the connection is very tight , and I will always `` level '' a surface before I start putting one in place , if you are putting it on a smooth surface , just be sure to clean it with something like the rubbing alcohol.CCW .
 These things are rated at three pounds but it seems like they can hold a little more . They even work well on uneven wall surfaces . My room has walls made of the painted cinder block material and you can recall how bumpy it is . Not only do these adhere to the surface , but they remain strong . Very satisfied !
 First thing i do n't like is that the hooks coming off of it is way too big , needs to bed a little smaller . But this hanger surprised me by how well it held up with the adhesive to our walls which are textured sheet rock ! Kudos to 3M but geeze make some more that are not so large
 You really can put these anywhere . I tried a wood door and left it there and it does n't ruin the finish . It 's so much easier than the hammer and nail thing . You can hang them all over because there are different sizes and finishes . Make sure you check the size though . The large hooks are really big . They 're easy to install and uninstall .
 Great Product and good price ! I have gotten some from the stores before . They fall after 2 days . I have these on a rather rough surface now for about 2 weeks . They are still going strong . Love it .
 anything from kids towels to temporary coat hooks , potholder hooks , umbrella hook , possibilities endless !! love how easy to install/remove and hang on any surface !!
 Just as described , I do n't like being asked to write such a long answer for a very simple question . This should be optional and not a requirement .
 These did exactly what I was looking for . They are strong enough to hold carhartts and pea coats . I would definitely buy them again .
 We love these nifty little hooks . They really are super easy to hang and to remove when you 're done with them . We used ours to hang garland over our mantel at Christmas time . They worked wonderfully and were easy to remove from our -LRB- apartment -RRB- walls .
 These hooks are excellent , if you are not sure of your needs or do not want to drill holes . I needed hooks on the side of a bookcase and piano for my daughter to hand her bags . Drilling holes was not an option and these hooks are doing the job very well . You need to follow the instructions carefully and wait for 24 hours before hanging anything on them . They come out very easily -LRB- again follow the instructions on removing -RRB- without leaving any mark.The only negative is that they are aesthetically not that pleasing . Given the weight tolerance of these adhesive tapes , 3-M should be able to come up with with some real metal ones.Overall , a great product and would highly recommend it .
 I do n't have a mantel but do have a floor to ceiling wall of brick for my fireplace . I wanted to hang stockings on there so the little ones could n't grab hold of them this year . -LRB- normally hanging off a short wall in my livingroom -RRB- . It worked great ! I had 13 of them and not a one fell .
 i 've always liked 3M products , so this one gets 5 stars . i love how if you change your mind and want to pull off the sticky tab , it wo n't leave any residue on the surface either .
 It takes a second to figure out how to apply these , but once you do you 're good . Great for hanging relatively heavy things -LRB- though use common sense -RRB- in a snap . I used them on glass to hang a bunch of pictures -LRB- my office has glass walls , long story -RRB- . Highly recommended , especially for the price .
 Love all the command hooks and other products . They are great for hanging items on block walls where nails are not options .
 I 've bought all the sizes of these 3m command hooks and none of them have let me down . Easy to hang , never failed me yet , and easy to remove when its time to move out .
 This product is great for putting new hooks on my RV walls , without drilling holes or damaging the look of the RV . They hold most any item I wish to hang up , yet they are removable in the event of my rearranging or cleaning up to sell . This item will be purchased again some time .
 I have used these hooks for a couple months of holding hoodies and needed more for the rest of my hoodies . They can hold the weight and when I remove the hooks , they leave no marks on the walls .
 I purchased this item to hang some pictures on my walls because I did n't want the mess of having hole all over my walls . The hooks work good as long as you do n't live in a moist , humid environment . We put these up about a week ago and the other day , two of them failed , causing my pictures to smash to the ground . Needless to say , it was a moist day outside , and I think that 's what contributed to the hooks failing . However , overall the hooks do the job ... most of the time and are a great value and alternative to banging nails in walls .
 These hooks are easy to apply and come off cleanly like advertised . They hold a good amount of weight and feel pretty strong . If you are using it vertically , for example , on a wall , then it should work great . If you want to use it horizontally , for example , stick it on a ceiling and hang something from it that way , then the hook probably wont be able to hold it because the item will slip off since the hook `` angle '' isnt severe enough , if that makes sense.For most cases , this is a good , strong hook that will fit most people 's applications . The pack comes with extra strips so you can re-apply the hooks later .
 These hooks have worked great so far and it is nice that if they break you can slide a the broken one out and the new hook in with out having to peal sticky off .
 At our house , our landlord wo n't let us put holes in the walls . These hooks are the perfect solution ! They are easy to place , they hold a good deal of weight and they 're easy to take off with no mess left behind ! The only reason I did n't rate it a 5 is because of the price . I do think they could be a little cheaper considering they 're only plastic hooks but because of how effective they are , I 'll pay it anyway.Awesome product , would purchase again .
 These hooks work great . I 've been putting them around my office for both hanging jackets on my door to helping with cable control .
 fantastic product . i have nothing bad to say about these things at all . i have used these for several little things around the house including
 All my walls are concrete or tile . I used these to hang items in my kitchen , bathroom and entryways . I followed the directions and they worked great . Not one came loose , very happy with the hooks .
 I bought these to hang things in our baby 's nursery so as not to damage the walls - they are so easy to use and they stay in place and hold as they say they will - 3M is amazing !
 This is the best thing next to sliced bread.I used to hate putting holes in my walls to hang things up . These things , as well as the sticky strips have saved my ass more than I can imagine.Anything that I can hang on them , they go on . Just make sure you adhere to what they can hold and what they can not .
 Everything about command strips is awesome . These worked great for hanging coats , towels , etc. in my dorm room , where there were n't a lot of other options . If you follow the instructions , you wo n't damage the walls/paint either . If you just yank it off , though , you probably will mess something up . Love that these are reusable with more command strips .
 These are decent little hooks if applied to a clean and dust-free surface ; when they are removed they leave no damage or residue on the wall . Excellent for use in a temporary situation , they come with two pieces of double-sided tape so can be installed twice . Very handy .
 I love these things . First learned of them when I first moved into my new apartment and my roommate lent me one of hers . Do n't get the cheap packs of Dollar Store imitations unless you plan on hanging cheap , flimsy things from them . Nothing beats a metal hook screwed into a stud , but these are clean , fairly quick , removable , and considering how strong they are I 'd say they 're very much worth the price .
 I have used these before and they for hanging wall items without damaging the walls . They are worth the cost and the quantity as sold .
 These are great for a dorm room or small apartment where you need space . These come with twice as many sticky strips as hooks , which is great because the hooks are a reasonably sturdy enough plastic to be reusable for a couple years .
 These hooks are wonderful . I have set up my spice rack in the kitchen using them . It is magnificent that I can hang something up and change my mind and place it somewhere else without leaving holes in the wall .
 I have purchased this item locally before for use around the house . Purchasing this item from Amazon actually saved my about $ 5 , so if you have Amazon Prime and can wait a couple of days , you 'll definitely save money purchasing through Amazon .
 Price is great for the set of 6i pretty much used them around the house adn it is all great . I even have a couple spare.Excelent product
 These hooks are quick , convenient and do not require commitment . When you 're moving or have decided you do n't want the hook there any more , they 're easy to remove and do not leave residue . We 've added hooks on the inside of kitchen cabinets for oven mitts , in the garage for flashlights and umbrellas , inside of bathroom cabinets for mirrors , and inside closets for belts . They come in three sizes , but we 've found that medium is the best all-around size .
 THese work great . I have used them before and loved them . They do n't wreck the wall and hold a good amount of weight . -LRB- like my big robe -RRB- . This is a great price when you order $ 25 or more for free shipping . In the store this would be twice the price .
 I love these very good for what I needed I did n't research the price but I thought it was a good deal .
 I found this product while searching for something to organize my phone headset and the USB cables for my cameras , phone , etc. . I stuck several of them to the side of my desk and everything now hangs neatly without getting tangled . When I wanted to move one , it came off really easily after I read the instructions .
 Cute and exactly what I was looking for . Slightly larger than I thought . Fun - not necessarily `` cool '' .
 This pressure cooker does a great job of cooking vegetables and meat . It takes very less time to cook compared to other methods of cooking .
 When I first saw this I was intrique with how it looked and how it would work . So I decided to purchase it as I love pressure cookers and I have never saw one like this one . This is my third pressure cooker and I love this one the best . I got really frustrated as I could not figure out how to get the lid out -LRB- had no trouble putting it in -RRB- . But once I cooled off and looked at the directions I have had no problems since that time . So simply put , I love it . I will probably buy a smaller one because it is just me .
 i bought one for Me at least 30 years ago . I got this one thru a magazine issued by a bank . perhhaps at that time I hope It was Made in America . Any way it is goood !!! . I got this one as a gift for my Sister in law ; She saw the pressure cooker 25 years ago in My house and did not expressed to me nor my Wife how much She liked the unit , and She started in her own looking for it and no luck ; until few months ago She said to me she was in love with the unit since then . I serched and I found it one more time ; I ordered the cooker . She is very happy with it.Was this to long ?????????????
 I bought this for car camping for two persons , and I 'm finding it too small . The instructions say to fill it no more than 2/3 its maximum capacity . This means at most a liter -LRB- a quart -RRB- of food and water . I use it to `` bake '' a potato , and it 's difficult to get the lid into the pan with the potato in there already - the lid must be placed in the pan to give it the seal . I 've tried the recipes in the included book , and they must be cut substantially to fit in this little cooker.I also note that ads for pressure cookers say `` cook for four or five minutes . '' However , the instructions say to put food and water in the pan , put the lid on , then heat on high till steam blows out the vent . Then put the vent cap on and continue heating on high till steam escapes the valve . _ Then _ you start the timer for four or five minutes -LRB- or whatever -RRB- . Then after you 've cooked , you let it sit till it cools enough for the pressure to drop so you can open the pan . It _ is _ faster than normal cooking , but it 's definitely not the advertised time.I like the pan , and I 'm planning on getting a 3 or 4 liter Hawkins for the two of us to see if I get more use out of the bigger capacity .
 I actually saw this cooker first on one of Alton Brown 's episodes . I have a Mirro-Matic 4 quart cooker that 's been around since the 80 's and for some reason it just does n't hold pressure properly anymore ; I think the base is a little distorted -LRB- of course , I 've replaced the gasket several times , that 's not it -RRB- . So , I ordered this Futura because it 's beautiful . No doubt it 's the prettiest piece of cookware I own ! Let me say first off also that this cooker does not have the second short handle on the back as shown in the photo . However , for a 3 litre size I do n't think it would be necessary anyway . I 'm in a wheelchair a lot of the time and I can handle it fine . The inside of the cooker is anodized aluminum in a dull finish . The part that took more time for me to get used to is the lid . As do other Hawkins cookers , the lid actually fits inside the base ; both the lid and the opening are oval shaped . It can take some practice to get good at putting the lid in . There is a rubber gasket , quite small compared to my old Mirro gasket . The great part is that there 's no way , once the cooking starts , for that lid to come detached from the base ! This is a 15 lb . cooker with no poundage options . No problem for me because I always cooked at 15 lb . with the Mirro , even with the 5/10/15 ` jiggler ' . The cooker is much quieter than my old Mirro ; when I first used it I kept looking over at the range just to make certain it was still cooking ! Because of the shape of the base it 's also easy to see all the interior because the base is wider at the top . I know there are Euro cookers that cost easily two to three times more than this one . However , Hawkins does make more cookers than anyone , and it 's certainly the prettiest cooker I 've ever seen . I have a 6 quart Mirro that is still working well but should it crater , I 'll probably be buying a larger version of this same cooker .
 Futura makes a great product . Not only does it seal well and pressure-cook well , but the hard-anodized aluminum makes a great cooking surface for anything you might want to cook before the lid goes on . We have cooked everything from 4-5 lb pieces of meat to curries to bean soups -LRB- beginning with dried , un-pre-soaked beans , of course -RRB- . Everything turns out great . I wish we had a larger volume one , in addition .
 The product is good Quality . Arrives nicely packaged . We mainly used it for Dal and Rice which is daily Indian staple . Make sure you buy 6.0 Liter or higher or compare height of pots you want to use . They should fit in and lid should close . The lid for these cookers -LRB- unlike prestige -RRB- needs to be inserted inside which is a tricky job . So you need some space on top after putting dal + rice together to add and close the lid . That is one thing you do n't want to forget . I had to replace 5.0 liter version because of that.Second issue you will face -LRB- if you are using prestige before -RRB- is this one does not whistle . We were so used to listening and counting whistles to time the cooking before . This one needs to be timed . But then this is more energy efficient as you build-up and then maintain pressure at lower heat . You will get used to time part.Anodized coating is great.I hope Hawkins make two changes . Blow alarm or time whistle.Change the lid closing . It is very safe as you just can not open lid when cooker is pressurized but it gets used to closing it.Overall good product . Availability in US through Amazon instead of haggling at US local Indian market with no return guarantee is best part .
 Well , if you are single , and want to make some awesome stuff in cooker , buy this product . It cooks much faster than prestige . It is very easy to use . Plus you can directly do some initial cooking preparation in the cooker itself.Well , if you are from India , then this is a definite necessity for you and you will not regret it . I was not sure which size to go for and went with 3 litres . It turned to be the perfect size for a single person like me.Happy cooking !! : -RRB-
 This is a wonderfully designed pressure cooker . Easy to use and novel method for closing . Only pressure cooker to be displayed in the Musem of Modern Art . My wife loves it , and our family use this same pressure cooker in three continents
 I have been using pressure cookers since quite sometime , now . I have used a couple of different brands , including Hawkins . While I have been satisfied with both of my Hawkins cookers , the Futura is a revelation . Not only does it make your entire cooktop look good , like some alien spaceship has landed on it , it works wonderfully , too . The cooking time of Futura is definitely less compared to other cookers , and you might have to get used to it at first . But it saves on your energy bill , so thats good . Next , its very easy to use . Putting the lid on might take some practice , but once you get used to that tricky part , its really a wonderful experience . The handles stay cool , you can release steam very easily , and safely , its easy to clean , and so long as you do n't use abrasive cleaners or bang it with ladles and spoons , stays looking shiny and good . Also , the levels to which food can be filled inside are marked clearly , so thats helpful . I would advise users to read the instruction manual before using it , first , because it takes significantly less time than normal cookers to cook.On a completely different side-note , I would like to add that I read somewhere that the Futura is the only cooker in the world to be displayed at the Metropolitan Museum of Modern Art , NY . I must remember to check it out on my next visit , lol.I am very happy with my purchase.Product Link : Futura by Hawkins Hard Anodized 5.0 Litre Pressure Cooker from Hawkins
 The pressure cooker is sturdy and and absorbs heat very well . The cooking times are fast . Food tastes good due to steam cookingThe reason for 4 stars is that it makes a lot of noise when steam is released from the top .
 The pressure cooker lives up to its name - Futura . It looks futuristic and works as intended . Cooks food fast and very easy to clean . Some reviews mention that the lid is hard to insert into place , but I did not have any issues with it . Well built and seems like it will last a long time.This pressure cooker does not ` whistle ' like some traditional pressure cookers . The way it works is by monitoring the steam escaping the vent -LRB- i.e. cooker is at full operating pressure -RRB- and then timing the recipe from then onwards . The instruction manual / recipebook that is supplied mentions the cooking time for almost all kinds of foods . It is extremely easy to follow and has cooking time for almost every thing I ever cook -LRB- and more ! -RRB- . This also translates into very reliable and consistent cooking . The only flipside is that one has to be present to monitor the steam escaping and setting up a timer as opposed to the more traditional cookers which rely on the ` number of whistles ' method . Frankly , I would love to have the convenience of the ` whistle ' method and the consistentency cooking of the Futura.Two small things I 'd like to mention
 Very good performance , the design was great , the pressure pushes the cover against the lid that help prevent escape of pressure
 I LOVE THIS PRESSURE COOKER , IT IS SO QUITE AND IT COOKS FAST.EVERYONE SHOULD TRY THIS COOKER.THIS IS THE BEST EVER .
 I am giving this cooker five stars as it runs circles around my electric pressure cooker . This Futura heats up fast , cooks great and is easy to clean . I love my 3 quart so much that I am ordering a 6 quart.The lid took a little getting used to as I never had one like this before . Hey , I am 70 years old and do not have a problem with it so do n't let the few negative reviews stop you from trying this great cooker.So glad to have the opportunity to purchase a product that is NOT made in China .
 probably the king of pressure cookers . i 've used a few other brands & this one rules.it is a little challenge securing the lid but once u master the positioning , it works every time.i 'd buy another Hawkins if i needed one .
 I bought a 9-l , but I thought she got used and I returned it and bought a 7 liter . I loved the pressure cooker is super fast , easy to clean . I recommend . I must say that the delivery date for me makes all the difference when I buy a product , I made the return very easy and the new pot arrived much faster still ... Congratulations to you &#34; amazon &#34; team .
 I have seen only Hawkins pressure cooker in my parents ' home since I was child . After getting married in 2000 , I bought our first Hawkins , Aluminum model 6.5 L . Then in 2004 , I bought another . This year I bought one 5L and also Futura . This is the brand I trust ... . In past more than 30 years , I have witnessed Hawkins ' reliability and operation without a hitch.Now , I have been using Futura for a week . I never had problem with putting cover . Of course , I had seen reviews that it is hard to put lid on this cooker but Futura is no different than any other Hawkins in terms of operation , like to putting lid , cleaning , and cooking .
 I just love this 4 liter Indian pressure cooker . Even my dogs think highly of the product as I found the manuals outside in the snow shredded . Now , if they could make the manuals dog proof ...
 I own a 3 liter futura pressure cooker and have grown pretty used to it.This 5 liter one was a gift for someone special and that person was blown away !! Rapid-fire delivery !! Thanks !
 I love it . Okay at first , I thought I had the wrong lid to it . LOL Yes , I thought there was no way this lid would fit but after reading the instructions carefully over and over , I got it and now I can put it on and take it off without getting it into the food . It seals well , heats up fast and cooks my food in minutes . The pressure value is not something I have to worry about . It releases pressure as it needs to so it takes care of that on its own . I love this pressure cooker . I got the 5.0 and it 's perfect for meals for two .
 Oh , this pressure cooker is just great . I love it . I recommend it to everyone who wants food cooked fast and just delicious !
 I already have the 7 liter jumbo Futura which has been heavily used for almost 10 years . It is too big for small jobs and heavy to clean , so I decided to scale down to the 2 liter Futura . If you 've never used a pressure cooker , these guys are fool-proof and do the best job ever . I 'm thrilled with the little guy and use it almost nightly . Just the right size for two people and so easy to clean . I highly recommend this product .
 This is a good product for all of us single or skinny people who prepare small amounts of food -LSB- on a busy schedule -RSB- . The lid should be easier to assemble like the Mexican pressure cookers Ecko . However , once you learned it well it becomes easier.Note
 I bought this pressure cooker after seeing people chatting about them in online forums . So far I 've used it for quite a few things and have been really pleased with the results , including belly pork and plain boiled potatoes.The instructions are clear and it feels very safe to use - not that I have anything to compare it to , except the noisy ones my Mum used in the 70 's ! I bought it along with the pressure cooker cookbook by catherine phipps , which has got lots of interesting recipes and will see a lot of use in the coming winter momths ! http://www.amazon.co.uk/Pressure-Cooker-Cookbook-Catherine-Phipps/dp/0091945011/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1356592086&sr;=1-1Well worth the money - if only they were available easily in the UK !
 When I purchased it . . was after reading all reviews . It is difficult to work with at 1st instant but gradually u ll discover its better than other ones . When I used it 1st time I felt its very difficult but then I found a easy way to deal with , it doesnt whistles like other pressure cooker so U ll never know whats the right time to remove from heat but it definitely sizzles . . which indicates that pressure is built and steam starts coming out from lil nozzle . . so its ready and u need to be alert and remove is just as u would with other whistling cookers.The lid locking is not difficult , u only have to keep it at right angles while inserting in body and then keep it parallel and apply some pressure to lock it . That is all . No difficulties as I read in reviews and was scared . Its similar to the prestige non stick handi if somebody used it.Body and make over is adorable simply . . u ll luv it beyond doubts . . and once u r used to u ll hate other brands . . :-RRB- as I did .
 this products are the best cooker , I used every day for diferent situacion my family is large and I purchase 3 pressure cooker , and I go to buy another for give to my friend . thank .
 This is a without doubt the best Pressure Cooker in the world for home use.Its Design , Functionality and utility is unmatched.It is very Energy Efficient and yet thoroughly & quickly cooks food without loss of Nutrition or Taste.With this cooker , you are limited by your own imagination of what Dishes you make.Highly recommended for anyone looking for a quality Pressure Cooker for home use . Comes in several sizes and pricing .
 Length :
 I wanted to get back into pressure cooking after giving up on them years ago . I wanted more of a `` pressure sauce pan '' than a full sized cooker , since I only cook for my husband and myself.The little Hawkins 1.5 liter cooked up a batch of beef stew with carrots in about fifteen minutes . It should have gone a bit longer - as the meat was a wee bit tough . The FLAVOR blew me away.One of the advantages of pressure cooking I never thought about years ago is how energy saving they are . I was able to cook a stew in about fifteen minutes . I used way less energy than cooking a stew in a slow cooker or in a cast iron pot in the oven.Oh , and a great cookbook of Indian recipes comes with the cooker . I just might get a bigger cooker just to experiment with those tasty recipes from all over India.If you gave up on pressure cooking years ago , now is the time to get back into it . You 'll save time and energy !
 I have been waiting to write a review for this product so I can use it and help others . If you are looking for a Superior quality and featured filled pressure cooker then look no further than this Futura . Anodized material used is visible in all aspects of the cooker . I am using the 9 Liter version the biggest that they make . I read other comments on trickiness of closing lid mechanism . It is designed to close this way by keeping safety aspects in mind . One pretty much can cook worry free since the risk of blowing up on you are none . A melting safety valve and inner closing lid mechanism is almost fool proof . I highly recommend this pressure cooker to any cooking lover and as an essential kitchen utensil.Been using it to minimize time and energy for meat boiling . I have used Mutton/Beef . It takes some time to learn as with every pressure cooker as to how much water to use.My cooking time for both Mutton/Beef is right around 17 minutes . This is in North Central GA-Georgia with Elevation of
 The lid locking mechanism is ingenious , but takes a bit of practice and it 's * essential * that you do n't over-fill the pot . If you dunk the lid , you wo n't get a good seal -- the gasket has to be clean . This means that the smaller sizes are more limited than you might think in the amount they can cook . My favorite feature is one that some reviewers seem to have missed . You do n't ever have to mess with running water over or around the pressure cooker to release the pressure faster . It has a built-in quick release !!! Just hold down the finger tip control to release the pressure in seconds ! Other folks had problems with the steam vent clogging -- this is most likely due to over-filling the pot . The manual says it should * never * be filled more than 2/3rds full , and in most cases 1/2 full works best . You need to choose your size accordingly , and avoid the temptation to push the limit . The instructions for use are actually pretty good , though we 've always started out with the pressure regulator in place , which works fine .
 Am used to the old jiggly valve version one cookers , this is my first 2nd gen pressure cooker & very happy with it . Yes - the lid takes a little getting used to & there is the chance that it may touch the food inside but if you take due care it is n't a problem . This is because the lid opens inside which hilites one of it 's design advantages and safety features - not being able to open the lid while there is pressure inside . The lip on the top is minimal and does n't create problems of pouring the contents out onto a plate , nor of looking inside while browning meats etc first . The manual states to turn the lid to 90 degrees but I found if the main handle is at the 6 o'clock position , working the lid between the 4 - 5 o'clock position works best . For those who try to cool the unit down as per normal cookers by pouring cold water on the lid & then complaining about the ingress of water when the lid is opened , the manual clearly states to place the body of the unit into water , if done this will prevent water getting inside . Unlike other cookers , this unit is run up to temperature with the pressure regulator removed & it is placed on the lid once steem is steadily coming from the steam vent . Beans , pulses and rice should not be filled above 1/2 full -LRB- listed in manual -RRB- . Unlike many cooking appliances , this comes with a very good recipe book with some 60 plus recipes along with cooking tips , do it yourself repairs and parts list , and more importantly - how to convert the recipes from those tested in the 5L model for use in a smaller cooker .
 I have bought many pressure cookers and all of them had problems sooner or later . Out of Prestige , presto and others , this one is the best . Very sturdy , easy to clean and food gets cooked in like mins . No need to spend time waiting for the whistle . . One of the best buys ... . I recommend this cooker to everyone .
 I ordered this cooker on Sunday after I had some problems with my old Prestige cooker . Since this was a standard shipping I was expecting it to come somewhere between next Saturday and Monday . But was pleasantly surprised to find the package waiting at my door steps on Thursday ... ! The dealer had packaged it up very nicely & FedExed it !! Started cooking with this cooker this weekend.This was the 1st time I am using the Hawkins model & I am very very happy with it . No worries about the lid blowing of on my face when I am cooking or about wasting too much electricity . My cooking time has practically reduced to half !
 I purchased the largest one and this was my first pressure cooker . Extremely high quality , easy to use , and great tasting food!Make sure you do the trial run in the instructions so that you know step by step what to do before you try to cook with food . -LRB- I did n't & left the regulator on at the beginning . -RRB- This is an easy recipe to try for the first time , and it came out delicious!Pressure Cooker Chicken and Spanish Rice * 3 large skinned bone in chicken breasts * 1 cup brown rice * 2 cups water , or chicken broth * 1 large chopped onion * 1 small can chopped jalapenos , drained * 1 -LRB- 8 oz -RRB- can tomato sauce * 1 can diced tomatoes -LRB- or another can of tomato sauce -RRB- * 2 teaspoons salt * 1 or two teaspoons powdered garlic * 2 teaspoons ground cumin * teaspoons dried red pepper flakesAdd rice to the bottom of pressure cooker , Add the next nine ingredients , stir will.Add chicken pieces , skin side down.Place lid on cooker , set timer for 20 minutes . -LRB- Start timing it once the pressure comes up . -RRB-
 All in all a very nice pressure cooker . It 's not too expensive , nicely made , a super durable finish . The pressure regulator is simple and reliable , and the recipe and instruction books are well done . The lid is designed to engage from the inside so that the pressure reinforces the seal , ingenious but it makes fitting the lid a little tricky . Check out the product literature to make sure you 're okay with that before you buy .
 It takes time to adjust with this cooker if you are used to the other kind of whistle-blowing cookers but it 's worth it .
 Excellent my wife loves it . Is the second cooker that she has from that brand and she pushed me to find it and I did find jt at amazon that was great .
 I 've had many pressure cookers but this seems easier to use , easier to clean ... . easy easy easy easy easy
 Simple , easy to use , attractive , sturdy and functional . We have the 5 qt cooker and really like it so far .
 Pressure cooker is an essential item for Indian kitchens and we are no exceptions . After using the conventional Hawkins pressure cookers for a long time we switched to this Futura range . The look is very nice , works really great and price is reasonable . Unlike other users we never had any issues with closing and opening the lid as we are accustomed to that .
 It was my dream to use , I am using it on daily base , it is too good . I like it . I give 5 stars . Again it is too good
 It 's a pressure cooker and its design makes an atractive addition to your kitchen as well as making it easy to use ...
 This is a great inexpensive pressure cooker . My husband makes his breakfast grains with it every day . I get beans and rice ready for a recipe in a short time . Easy to use , to clean and small enough to store easily in the cupboard .
 Have used this cooker myself and bought three others for friends . It is one of the safest cookers as the lid fits under the rim and can not be opened while under pressure . Follow the instructions carefully and enjoy great food cooked in a fraction of the time it normally takes .
 Using a Futura cooker is like doing magic in kitchen . I have been using a 3liter Futura cooker for 7 years and now decided to get this 2ltr one . In the first test use , I had put some lentils and I barely got out of the kitchen and sat down , and the cooker was whistling . I could n't believe how fast it was . For smaller families , or couples like us , I would highly recommend this product . closing the lid can be tricky for first time users , but apart from that it works great .
 The cooker was recommneded by a friend from India . The cooker is nice looking , fairly simple and cooks food as intended .
 Cooks fast , cooks well , looks good , extremely durable stuff and easy-to-handle pressure regulator.This is definitely better than other stock pressure cookers I have used.Its so sturdy , looks like it can last a lifetime . Highly recommended .
 I received this pressure cooker today and performed the pretest to check for leaks . The lid seals perfectly and is very easy to use.It is much easier to use than the old type like my mother and grandmother used . This cooker is idiot proof with the locking lid design.I would have given this 5 stars other than the fact that it gave off a heavy oily odor after using it the first time even after washing it prior to using it . I 'm not sure if it was something in the manufacturing process or post manufacture , but the smell was pretty bad when I opened it up after the pretest . I will cook something in it and see if it still has that odor , then update this review as needed .
 I bought 2 unit of the 7.0 liter model for my sister in law and my mom . I actually owned a 5.0 liter for 19 years now -LRB- received as a wedding gift from a friend -RRB- . Has only changed gasket once.Great product ... highly recommended . Might consider higher capacity model since it requires some room in the cooking area to maneuver the opening and closing of the lid .
 This is an excellent pressure cooker . We have been using this pressure cooker everyday and this is the best purchase I have made so far via Amazon . This cooker has the capacity to cook for 8-10 people . The seller sent me the pressure well before the estimated time . I would highly recommend this seller .
 is the best pressure cooker I bougt , work immediately , give you besides a beutiful touch to your kitchen , you can kitchen in only minutes
 It is a good quality product with a reasonable price as i compared with online and local market .
 The product is okay-I have had it for some time now . But this vendor -LRB- VCT Electronics -RRB- is charging a king 's ransom on shipping ! He thinks people are stupid .
 This by far is one of my favorite cooking pots . I cook alot of meats that often need to be tenderized and cooked for a long period of time if you do n't have a pressure cooker . This pressure cooker cooks quickly . The only issue that I have with it is that the cover is hard to come off once you finish cooking . Even at the angel that the instruction booklet says to do , it still is a little difficult . But besides that , it works like a champ .
 And now it takes less than 20 minutes ! Awesome product , very easy to use , nice design too ! The 2.0 litre model is perfect for two people . Highly recommended !
 Cooks food very fast , design is awesome , easy to clean , anodized better than aluminium for healthy food , handle stays cool . Gr8 for indian food as well .
 My Futura 5.0 litre pressure cooker arrived today with 2 day service just like Amazon.com promised . It looks nice , feels solid , comes with a warranty certificate and instruction 's for any servicing should it need it , the U.S. Futura service center is near Chicago , IL.The instruction booklet is a must read especially for first time pressure cooker user 's such as myself . Once I did the `` test '' of boiling water under pressure all anxiety went away . There 's also a cook book that comes with about 20 recipes along with a table of cooking times for various food items.I made pinto beans for one of my first meals , took all of 45minutes once the pressure was on , 50 if you allow the water to boil and build the pressure . Beans boiled the regular way in a pot take several hours and sometimes you run the risk of burning them if you do n't add water in time , this is not the case for me anymore.I 'm actually enjoying this piece of cookery and ca n't wait to make more great meals in it.The only dissapointment for me is it 's not dishwasher friendly , I do n't like washing dishes but it 's easy to clean especially with the nonstick surfaceThe oval shaped lid to open and close was easily mastered with just a couple tries , once you get the technique down it 's `` easy Peasy `` I was n't sure if 5.0 litre 's was too big -LRB- or small ? -RRB- but it 's perfect for one person or several for when I have dinner guests . For a family of 4 I 'd say do n't expect any left over 's with a 5.0 litre.I 'm looking forward to creating more delicious meals in my new Futura !
 This is a very nice little appliance . We got it when our old presto wore out . I have been using this for a year and it still works like the day I got it . I have made all manner of cooked things in this pot with great success ; for example beans , Korean style beef , potatoes , whole grains that would otherwise take forever , ratatouille , broth , etc. . It come with a little trivet which is extremely useful when cooking whole beets and potatoes -LRB- which are done in about 20 minutes -RRB- . I have even made applesauce with only a half a cup of extra water , this preserves a whole lot of vitamins and cuts down on mess immensely . It is also an energy saver too ; stuff that would take hours otherwise is done in minutes.I have been known to have us eating within half and hour with this cooker . Yes , the lid takes a few tries to master but before you know it the lid will be a second nature . If were cooking for a very large family or group I might also go up another couple of sizes , but for my purposes it is more than adequate . I overfilled it once but that was my fault -LRB- follow the instructions , they are n't that hard -RRB- ! A must if you are time pressed or lazy but still want to eat good , nutritious food .
 I am really happy with this product and my purchasing experience on Amazon . My last cooker was the whistling variety which always scared my little baby ... Not this one ! Not only is this product anodized -LRB- which makes for easier cleanup -RRB- but it isnt noisy - all I have to do is turn the timer on and my food is done . The whole pressure cooking process saves me a lot of time .
 I bought this through Amazon . This pressure cooker works very well and takes less time to cook meat and lentils .
 this is my first time using a pressure cooker and i read the manual several times before using it . it does cook garbanzo beans really fast . i set my stove on high heat and when the pressure regulator was put on , it made a really loud noise and emitted a lot of steam -LRB- a little too much it seems -RRB- which really scared me . is this normal ? i keep getting afraid that the pressure might just throw the pressure cooker off the stove , and hit something .
 I have used Hawkins pressure cookers before and wanted to change so that I could avoid cooking in an aluminium utensil . I bought another american brand stainless steel pressure cooker and It did well what it promised to but was not suited well for Indian cooking . Indian cooking involves a lot of lentil varieties which froth inside a pressure cooker and this one handles it very well.One of the added benefits of this model over others is its ability to let pressure out quickly within 30 seconds.Overall I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 I 've only owned one pressure cooker that was a monster for canning . I really had no experience with a smaller one designed for home cooking . I bought the 5.0 Litre which is the perfect size for two or four people . I like to cook so I jumped right into trying some of my recipes , watch the salt since spices seem to intensify in a pressure cooker . The results where amazing , this cooker performed well beyond expectation with a small learning curve . As some reviewer 's reported putting on and taking off the lid can be tricky but within minutes I figured it out , believe me it 's no big deal . When I first took it out of the box I was impressed with the overall quality , it 's built like a tank very heavy duty . The finish is just awesome nothing seems to stick , it washes out easy and clean . Take note of this , when attempting to de-pressurize the pot do it very slow a little at a time or it will boil over onto your stove . The design lives up to it 's name Futura . The vent is hidden in the handle which works perfectly . In closing , I 'm able to prepare tasty meals including preperation in less than an hour . I 've cooked short ribs , beans , mexican style pork and several soups all were fabulous . Do your self a favor and buy one , like me you will be amazed . Golfrichv Oregon
 Having grown up seeing and using pressure cookers all my life I was intrigued with the new design and cooker from Hawkins for a long time . The last cooker I had busted the safety valve and I thought that this will be good opportunity to buy a larger cooker too.First and foremost , looks - This cooker looks beautiful ! I love certain appliances in black and a black cooker from the regular aluminium finish cookers was a welcome change . The con for any product that is black in color is that it requires a little extra care for it to be maintained with the same color and sheen.Functionally is where I face a challenge . Dont expect it to work like your mum told you to make rice , after three `` whistles '' lower the heat for a few minutes , turn it off and the rice is ready when the pressure reduces . First , it doesnt do the `` whistle '' thing . Once it builds pressure it releases pressure steadily . Making rice in the Futura is different now . Heat the water till it boils , add the rice , let it cook for 3 minutes on high , turn off the heat and release the pressure using the little lever on the weight . Although it seems faster it actually takes the same time to cook the same quantity of rice . Previously I did not have to look at the clock for the 3 minutes , just listen for the `` whistle '' . I wish there was some other way to indicate to me that it was done rather than me looking at the clock every time . That is why it has one less.Once I am done mastering a new way of using a pressure cooker , I should be good .
 i order Futura by Hawkins Hard Anodized 4.0 Litre Pressure Cooker from Hawkins i received at time and i really like this product.i can recommend this product to everyone .
 The cooker is best and fast . It just needs 5-10 minutes to cook vegetables and 15-20 to cook the meat .
 Am very pleased with this product . The design is simple and effective . No little moving parts to lose like other models . Easy to clean . Saves on fuel and cooking time.Futura by Hawkins Hard Anodized 5.0 Litre Pressure Cooker from HawkinsHave had mine for a few years and bought new ones for my daughter in her new home .
 I bought the 9 liter off ebay open box and it was less than half what new would be . I bought it because my sister-in-law 's boyfriend used one for deer roast and it was fast and good . And a friend 's wife uses one too . Neither have this one , but the price was right and the reviews good . I wanted the 9 liter so I could stick a deer leg roast in there.I made a deer leg roast first , took me a little time to get the pressure right , it 's not hard though . I took it out and trimmed it and put the pieces and my potatoes , carrots and onions back in with the cooked pieces another 15 minutes . It was like tenderloin and the best roast/stew I ever made.Today I made frozen skinless boneless chicken breasts in the pressure cooker with cream of chicken soup and put it over flavored rice I made on the stove . The chicken breasts were so tender , everyone loved them.Anyway , the lid is n't hard to use , I practiced a few times and it was n't hard . My 13 year old son had no trouble either.Unlike my friend and relative 's pressure cookers , this one has no big heavy lugs or any lugs . It 's really a brilliant design and the anodized aluminium cleans up easily.Great product so far , I even like the way the steam vent , vents away from me , I just use a spoon handle and the steam goes the other way.This pressure cooker is almost a piece of art in the way the lid is designed . When you first look at it , it looks like there is no way it would hold pressure .
 I 've had mine for around 20 years - and it 's still going strong . It has travelled around the world with me as I 've moved . Need to keep up with gaskets , though - which is normal .
 Absolutely love it ! This cooker saves my overall cooking time.I have two of these now . Thanks Futura for making such a wonderful product .
 When I received this pressure cooker I was n't very confident in it . It seemed a little simple , maybe a bit flimsy , and I was worried about how well it would work . Having used it for a while now , all of my worries were unfounded . This is an excellent cooker and I am extremely pleased with it .
 Been thru a lot of unsatisfying pressure cookers , until this one . GREAT product . Very easy to use . Worth every penny !
 I just received my Futura and am happy with the performance so far . Its little tricky to use the whistle/pressure gauge system -LRB- put it on after steam starts coming out -RRB- but one gets to understand it after couple of runs . Cooks food quickly and easy to wash and handle . 3 LT size is good for cooking for 4 people .
 It 's a perfect size for singles . I can cook brown rice and soaked dried beans in the same time I could cook white rice . I may try the two together . I wo n't cook acidic foods it it . It 's aluminum . Otherwise , I 'd give it five stars.Hawkins Pressure Cooker , 1.5 LITER
 Great product , I do n't know why I was ever afraid of pressure cookers . The results are amazing & Futura is easy to use . It 's also good looking .
 ONCE YOU LEARN HOW TO WORK THE LID ITS SMOOTH SAILING FROM HERE ON IN , AND VERY VERY GOOD POT , RECOMMEND A + . THANK YOU FOR A GOOD PRODUCT THAT IS WORTH EVERY PENNY !!!
 Searched New Zealand for this particular pressure cooker and had no success . So glad I found the item on Amazon and was able to purchase a tried and true pressure cooker model for our daughter and her financee . This style of pressure cooker is the best , nice clean lines and a solid no fuss product . As for the fantastic service using Amazon to make the purchase , could not be more efficient .
 PROS - Reaches pressure pretty quickly - Works well - AttractiveCONS - Putting the cover on is quite a trick . I actually had to read the instructions to figure out how to put the cover on . - Pressure head detaches completely from the cover and so could get lost.I 'd buy it again .
 i was a little nervous about this , but it really is full proof . had great tender meat with little practice under my belt .
 I love the futuristic look of this pressure cooker and I love the weighted pressure gauge , the top takes some getting used to .
 I have been enjoying my pressure cooker for many years . It is very well made . Easy clean up and it is almost non-stick . I have an electric pressure cooker but I rather use this one instead . It is my favorite and I hightly recommend it .
 I hemmed and hawed about whether to get the 4 liter or 5 , and am very glad I got the 5 . I have a small family and mostly wanted a pressure cooker for daily bean cooking , brown rice , etc , and do n't have much room in my kitchen . The pot was more compact than I feared it would be so it does n't feel like overkill to use for one meal-sized amounts of food . But then yesterday , I was able to make 8 cups of chicken stock with a whole leftover chicken and tons of veggies ! How great it was to make chicken stock in under an hour without the whole house smelling of chicken soup for days !! I love that this pot is silent while in operation mode . Once you master the technique of rotating the lid while inserting it , you can easily avoid touching the food with the lid . My one solitary gripe is that it 's hard to pour liquid out because of the way the body curves in .
 This is my first Hawkins Cooker . This cooker cooks much faster than a prestige and feels like this will lost longer than my old prestige cooker . I have used prestige cooker for almost 5 years and never had any issues with it . Hope this cooker will not disappoint me . As for now very satisfied with the product .
 Very nice design , works great , durable and fast , size iz perfect for family of 4-6 . No negative thing about this pressure cooker . I highly recommend this product .
 Its a great pressure cooker first and foremost ! I have used them for years and this one is straight forward and simple to use . Heats up quickly and cools even faster . I find it easy to clean as well . Perfect no , but nothing is . I would definitely recommend it .
 It was delivered on time without any damage ; was happy to use free shipping option . We are very pleased with the purchase . We were already using 6 lire futura but wanted a 5 litre one for day to day use . As usual , great cooking with less oil with Futura cookers .
 This is definitely better the cookers you get at Indian stores in and around Boston . Its a better bargain too . This arrived in very good condition and have been using this for a couple of months without issues .
 I love this cooker -LRB- my 2nd -RRB- infact I was given my first one 20yrs ago or more as a Christmas gift I used it until it finally was worn out .
 Bought this pressure cooker after reading so many reviews about how good it is . Its remarkably quiet , easy to use and clean , and have had NO issues with is since I bought it a few months ago . The lid takes some getting used to - have to angle it to put on/remove . On top of its functionality , it 's a very pretty design and color . I was used to the cookers with the little valve/regulator up top and thought it 'd be risky to try one with out it , but I was glad I did .
 Yep , I love it . Should have gotten me one of these years ago . I especially love that you can manually reduce the pressure and open the lid after only about 1 minute off the heat . When I make my pot roast I add the vegetables half way . So after 20 minutes I can remove the cooker from the heat , press the button to release the pressure , open the top , add the vegetables , close it up ... then back on the heat for another 20 minutes . Awesome Pot Roast .
 I have used pressure cookers all my life . This is the first one I felt comfortable using . I especially liked the release pressure valve . It is a keeper .
 Have been using this every single day since about 4 years . Extremely energey efficient way of cooking . No issues with product . This is one of the more advanced models in the hawkins line , an extremely trusted and reputable indian brand .8 / 25/2009
 Having owned one of these pressure cookers I can say from first hand experience they are top of the line . My family has used the same pressure cooker now on almost a daily basis for 5 + years . Yes that is an almost daily basis -LRB- usually it gets used 5-6 times or more a week -RRB- . The cooker is still in GREAT shape . We have replaced the gasket once and that is it . The cooker is extremely well crafted with thick aluminum that reminds me of high end cookware like Calphalon , Analon etc. . Honestly , you ca n't get much better than this . PERIOD ! It heats well , cleans EASILY and exudes quality .
 I have owned two Futuras for many years - so long ago I can not remember the purchase date . Used frequently and still have needed not needed replacement parts . So glad they are still in production .
 This pressure cooker is a very high quality product and at a very reasonable price . I am amazed at the quality of the product and the convenience of using it . Since it is almost non-stick , cleaning it is also very easy . This product was far better than the $ 200 fagor futuro pressure cooker set that i had bought which ended up leaking steam . When I compare the two there is just no question on how far superior this pressure cooker is . This pressure cooker also conserves more energy and water than the classical Hawkins cookers as it does n't go through the cycle of leaking a lot of steam every few minutes -LRB- the whistle -RRB- . Once you hear the hiss of steam , you lower the heat and start the timing . For those who are trying to decide steel vs aluminum , I think its a no-brainer now that I have used a steam pressure cooker . Steel just does n't cook evenly , even with the aluminum sandwiched at the base . I was so impressed that I ordered a second Hawkins futura pressure cooker to replace my old traditional aluminum pressure cooker .
 I was looking for a small pressure cooker that could be used for camping or for making smaller quantities of food at home . This was the smallest I could find and I 'm totally pleased with the quality and the price.I do n't think I would backpack with it , but it 's ideal for canoe camping or car camping . I 'll be using it at home most of the time because it 's just the right size for making a quick meal of lentils or rice.The handle does take up space . That 's unfortunate for travelers and those with small kitchens . I would have preferred a design that had small grips on either side of the cooker.Its too small for most published pressure cooker recipes . Too many authors assume that everyone cooks for a large group . If you do cook for groups , consider something larger . This cooker is ideal for the rest of us .
 I had this pressure cooker and was so impressed I bought another . There is just the two of us and the 5.0 is just right . I have abused my wares , left water in them for days and they have never rusted . The product is heavy but the handles are never hot . The parts are easy to get and the folks at Hawkins are super nice . This cooker is a treasure . Now my relatives will be next to get this product .
 Over 20 years ago I used a pressure cooker on a regular basis . However , since they were not the safest item to be around , I quit using them . Well , it is just me in the house now and I have been looking for a cooker for a while . This is a great sized cooker for 2 - 3 people . Even though it is just me , the cooker is not too big for most jobs . Looks nice , seals great , and the updated pressure relief valve is very nice . It seems to be a lot safer than the old models . I have used it to cook a roast -LRB- 3 lbs took 28 minutes -RRB- , a whole chicken -LRB- about 16 minutes -RRB- and a couple of soups/stews . Cleans up in the dishwasher . I think it is a great cooker .
 This has pretty much replaced my larger pressure cooker . I bought the 5L . I think this would be a good size for a couple or small family . For a single person that does n't have time to cook , it 's still convenient if one stores/freezes the leftovers . I have used this for soups , pork roasts , beans , and brown rice . The only thing I do n't think it has been good at is the brown rice -LRB- too gummy , so I still use my steamer for that -RRB- , but it may be my method . Easy to clean . I have pureed soups right in the cooker using an emersion blender and no problems . Have not had any problems with the lid - does take getting used to , but a great seal . To take the lid off/on one has to angle the lid INTO the cooker and turn 90 degrees . I use the cooker about once or twice a week and it looks like new and has not discolored like my old aluminum one . I guess the only thing I would add is that there is a huge size range offered and one should be careful re the smaller sizes -LRB- 1.5 or 2L -RRB- . The size refers to the total volume of the cooker , not the volume of food that can be appropriately cooked . In my opinion , even for a single person the smallest size that should be considered is a 3L . Overall very convenient and happy with this purchase . Glad I bought this vs. the more expensive stainless steel ones in the department stores -LRB- was wary as I never heard of this brand before -RRB- . Have not had any of the problems noted in the low rated reviews.update 6.15.11 . - Now cook all brown rice in this - turns out great , better and faster than the steamer . Bought anohter one for my parents and they were impressed , though it took them a while to figure out how to close the thing .
 This pressure cooker looks so sleek and elegant ... it looks tiny but it can hold a meat dinner containing 500g of meat plus veggies ... it has an impressive 3 litre capacity -LRB- they come in lots of sizes -RRB- but still looks so small and compact.The accessories are impressive . . they even give a good quality cleaning brush . . and the associated books are good quality and very well written with clear colur photos for instructions ... You need to see the photos to see how to open and close the Lid ... trust me YOU NEED TO SEE THE PHOTOS . . once you know how to open and close ... it takes practice ... this pressure cooker is a dream ... it cleans so easily and doesnt disclour inside or out like the prestige aluminium cooker . . it is aluminium inside and out so it is beautiful . . no hard scrubbing to clean ... it looks brand new even after using it upteen times . So small it neatly fits into the fridge once cool if any left over food ... I love it ... was worth the extra i paid for shipping from America as its hard to find it in the UK ... also Amazon was by far the cheapeast in terms of shipping . . so highly recommend . . and i am not easily pleased !!
 we have been using this for a year . no complaints till nowit cooks really fast.consumes less gas . rice or pulses get cooked in 10-15 minsa sure winner
 I was at first going to buy a regular hawkins aluminum pressure cooker , but my husband told me this hard anodised version sounds really good . We ordered it and let me tell you , we were n't disappointed . Have been using it since December and it gave me very good results every time . Earlier when I used to cook meats like beef or mutton in regular pots , it would always be hard and chewy . In my futura , I have cooked meats so tender which comes off the fork so easily . I bought the 7 liter one , which is good for large scale as well as small scale cooking . I 'll recommend this item anytime .
 Hawkins-Futura 5.0 Litres Pressure CookerI purchased this pressure cooker years age and its been the best pressure cooker ever . The parts are easy to replace . The cooker is so very easy to use , and virtually indestructible . I have no marks , scratches or any pitting on mine and its over 15 years old . I have recommended this cooker to my friends who love to cook and even a few that do n't and they all agree its so very easy to use .
 Absolutely awsome cooker . Works great WITHOUT having to soften up beans for making soup . Luxurious dark brown/bronze finish is sooo smooth & cool to touch and look at . Cover seals every time without major cajoling and the pressure release is a cinch to operate . Can not say enough good things about this cooker . Very easy to use . I purchased the 9 liter for soup making and was a smart size choice . Hard anodized aluminum construction is very thick to maintain integrity , long lasting finish and heats up super fast to save on gas utility bill . Would heartily recommend . My girlfriend is soo happy that she proposed to me !!!! on one condition . KEEP THE WHITE BEAN AND GROUND TURKEY SOUPS COMMING ! LOL
 If you have an induction cooktop , this wo n't work . On gas and electric cooktops , this works just fine . I 've had a 5.0 litre for years now -- no issues at all . I just wish they made the same design in stainless steel that works on induction cooktops . The new stainless steel version , according to the company website , works on gas/electric/halogen cooktops , but not induction .
 This is my first ever pressure cooker , and I must say that I am quite comfortable using it . It was actually a quick learn as the directions in the manual are quite clear . I have used it multiple times already to cook dried beans and chicken stock . I have no complaints .
 Futura by Hawkins Hard Anodized 9.0 Litre Pressure Cooker from HawkinsI owned a 4 litre that I have used for over 15 years and absolutely loved . Recently I left it in the sink while the dishwasher was running and it horribly corroded . It was so bad that I got frustrated and -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- tossed it . I decided to order another , because I was very happy with it for so many years , and decided on the 9 litre . I want a larger size so that I can make larger pieces of meat . It just arrived two hours ago and I made an awesome chicken , tomato , and mushroom dish to serve over pasta that took only ten minutes to cook . Just remember to hand wash it and never let it get near the dishwasher or dishwasher soap .
 Excellent pressure cooker . If you have been using old model hawkins or prestige cookers it might take you some time to get used to .
 I am very very pleased with this seller ! The item came in a lot faster than what I had anticipated and am very impressed ! The product is absolutely beautiful and everything I expected and more ! `` Once In A Lifetime '' A Sentimental Gift For Husband , Wife , Girlfriend Or Boyfriend . Touching 8x10 Poem , Double-matted In Navy/White And Enhanced With Watercolor Graphics.This is absolutely beautiful ! I highly recommend this seller ! Thank you very much ! This made my boyfriend very happy when I gave it to him ! Thank you !
 If you need something a little different to provide to a cherished spouse , then I simply must suggest that you consider this option . It does not come framed , but is ready to be framed . The mat and print quality is good enough to assure the recipient of the gift that you really do care .
 If you want to let the person in your life know what they mean to you , this verse does it in a manner which is beautiful , honest and sincere .
 It is very nice . I gave it as a gift and it was a very special to both of us .
 Like the poem and how well it 's made . Only thing is to thick to fit in a frame . I had to take part of the backing out so the back of the frame could slid back into place .
 I saw this online and it was exactly what I wanted . A nice little present to accompany a bigger one . Ca n't wait to give it to her !
 Got this for my boyfriend as part of my gift for him for xmas . When i got it in the mail i cried because the words meant so much to me . I 'd definitely encourage u to get this for that special person if you know that u feel the same way that is written on it . < 3
 This product is just what I was looking for . I wanted something to hang over my patio table for evenings out by the fire . The candle chandelier is very well made . Durable , and will with stand the weather . I just take the glass candles out when I am done using them . I could not have been any happier with this purchase . Put candles in it that repels bugs and you could not be any happier .
 I tried using votive candles in this , and was disappointed by the amount of light reaching the table beneath the chandelier . It was also a hassle to remove the melted wax from the cups after the votive candles burned down . I then found theFloating Candle Kit
 Bought this chandelier to use outdoors in our sukkah , and it 's been a delight . Service was excellent , product was instantly shipped and carefully wrapped . Sturdy quality , and well-made .
 Very fast delivery . I love the product . It looks very nice over my dining room table .
 Love this chandelier . I can use citronella candles so it creates an atmosphere and serves a purpose too . I wish it were a bit larger , but it still looks fantastic .
 Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my mom , who has a gazebo with a very high ceiling . She loved it . Would have been great if it had come standard with a couple of 'S ' hooks and chandelier chain -LRB- I had to go out and buy these items to go with it . -RRB- . Packed VERY well . Well made .
 I was surprised these were so difficult to locate locally . There were several on Amazon , but this one was the best choice for us.Unfortunately , it seems to be silver in color under black spray paint .
 I purchased this as a gift and ca n't wait to see it hanging in their gazebo . It will be a perfect addition . It is very well made and arrived very quickly . Thank you !
 Very nice quality , packing was good - no broken glass . I will not that this product does n't come with any chain or S hooks , and this could be more clear in the product description , or show a picture of the top showing that there is nothing attached ... the product photo looks like it is hanging , and would expect that functionality be included .
 I was pleasantly surprised when I received this candelier . I had been looking a while for something to hang in the gazebo outside that was elegant yet simple , functional and easy to care for . This is it ! The bonus - American made ! It is well crafted , perfectly balanced , and works great with full size votive candles .
 I needed something to hang over my dining table , but I did n't want anything too large or too difficult to assemble . This looks lovely over my 4 person seating table . It arrived in perfect condition and fits all votive tea candles .
 Would 've given 5 stars if I would 've had a better expectation of the size . A bit smaller than I think will fit a full size table/area , but great for smaller rooms/tables/areas . Good quality and design , and the glass holders are a good idea for outside -LRB- had a traditional candle-holder that drips wax everyone and blows out -RRB- .
 I had been searching for a reasonably priced non-electric candelabra and found this . Other reviewers thought it was small . For my pavillion next to our sports court , to hang over a 48inch iron table , it is absolutely perfect and the price was so little for such nice quality . I do n't think it would fit over a large dining room table , though .
 This is just what I wanted for evenings on the deck . Simple clean lines , no fussiness .
 I have looked and looked , for months , for a three quart cast iron to replace my 3 quart tin roaster . As a recent convert to cast iron , finding the smaller sizes is a challenge , I only cook for three people.this pan is godsend , a small chicken fits perfectly , as does pork ribs for three.I am using the cookbook '' glorious one pot meals '' to inspire me . This pan cooks wonderfully , cleans up in a snap , and is the correct size and shape . Buy one !
 These sheets are the nicest ones I have ever owned . I love how soft they are and they fit my mattress well . My king size mattress is only 11 inches deep , so the sheets are a little baggy , but they stay on very well , with no corner slippage . You will NOT be sorry if you buy these sheets ! I bought the yellow and the silver blue and wish I could buy more ! Also , these were shipped on the 18th and I received them on the 20th , with the free super saver shipping option . Awesome !
 This sheet is a pleasure to put on my bed . I like the feel of it -- so soft and comfortable . The color is also very becoming .
 Soft and very washable , no bleeding or fading - definitely color fast . A worthwhile product and highly recommended . Will certainly purchase these kinds of sheets again .
 These sheets are very nice . I have gotten alot of them and given them as gifts .
 I purchased these sheets in almost all of the available colors because of the fantastic price . I received them in a timely manner by the super saver shipping , which made this an even better deal ! The sheets washed very well & are soft & luxurious . The deep pockets keep them from slipping off the mattress , which is wonderful . All in all , these are great sheets at a great price , highly recommended !
 The sheets are soft . Very big too ... a bit big for my Reg . King size bed . I suppose it is good so it wo n't be too tight where it would keep on coming off the mattress ?? Though , a bid too big where too much slacks ... . Good is ... it is very confortable & soft :-RRB- Was a good deal when I purchased it !
 The sheets fit my extra deep bed and they are a nice quality . I would buy them again .
 After having expensive sheets that pilled and were just generally of a poor quality -LRB- Nautica brand , even ! -RRB- I decided to go for these . I actually bought the 200TC , not the 300TC , in Khaki . I washed them before putting them on the bed just as the instructions said -LRB- warm -RRB- , with fabric softener . They washed nicely , and dried VERY quickly -LRB- less than 30 minutes -RRB- ! Bonus points there!I did notice the seams pull ever so slightly , but I have a thicker than normal mattress and had to pull on them a bit so they 'd fit . Just use sheet straps to keep the fitted place in place!In comparison to the `` expensive '' sheets , these are AMAZING . They did not pill after the first wash and they do n't `` move '' like my old sheets did . I live in a humid climate and normally my sheets will pick up the extra moisture - but these do n't ! Love them and definitely want to buy another set in a different color !
 These sheets are wonderful . They are so soft !! Be careful when you wash them , though . I got the burgundy and have washed them twice and they are still bleeding onto other things .
 I was just shopping for some guest room sheets and found the Martex 300-Thread-Count Sheets . When I opened the box , we were shocked by the vivid , rich colors and quality of the sheets . The people I work with were mad I had n't told them about the deal . Well , so far we 've bought 12 sets
 These are very nice sheets and a fantastic value . They are smooth and soft . I have n't had them long enough to comment on their durability but overall they appear to be high quality . If they would throw in a set of pillow cases , then this would make a fantastic gift .
 This time my husband and I decided to spoil ourselves with really nice towels . These were recommended to me by a friend . Well , we 'll never go back to the cheaper ones again . They are so soft and absorbent and have washed well . I added a bit of vinegar to the first wash to set the black towels and the color has held fast . And you do n't need a lot of soap . Customer service is also 5 Star ! Treat yourself , your worth it !
 I found out about these towels from my sister . They are the softest , most luxurious towels I have found !
 Great for storing files and organizing small items . Sturdy construction -- Made in the USA !
 We purchased the pack of 6 Sterilite containers for use in our lab . They have proven very useful ; they are sturdy enough to contain vast amounts of water for long periods of time without any deformation -LRB- on a flat surface -RRB- . The delivery time was a bit long , but the package did arrive in good condition , thanks to the folks at Ace Hardware and the packaging measures they took to ensure no damage would come to their product . Overall , I am quite pleased .
 The Sterilite Large ShowOffs are excellent for storing boots . My husband has commented that these were an easy way to carry his boots when going to our cabin for hunting . I put one boot upside down on the other and they fit securely for traveling . Our son 's boots are a bigger size so I can only place one boot and extra hunting socks in each container . Keeps them organized for safe transport and keeps all the muck from being tracked in the house when they return from their hunting trips . I also use the medium Show Off Storage Containers for organizing and storing our shoes . ~ Mrs. B.
 We love these containers . We use smaller ones for art/home repair supplies . We use these to save files , organize homework , etc. . Hanging files work well with them.They store quite a bit of stuff , but they are still very easy to carry around when they are full -LRB- I find others are too heavy -RRB- . We 've had some for several years , and most of them are still in really good shape -LRB- we had a lid break , but I believe we overstuffed the box -RRB- . Labels stick well and stay , but I also like the fact that you can see what is stored in them.Each kid has one to store the schoolwork coming back home .
 I 've been buying these things for years to organize bulky old electronic/computer components that I put into storage -LRB- I 'm a bit of a pack rat with electronics -RRB- . The see-through container allows me to see what is in them without needing labels . The cover latches securely even when over-filled . They are durable and thick and can be moved from home to home without repacking or risk of falling open . The size and shape is perfect for every storage shelf I have ever used them for .
 This product held up well for a 250 lb camper . It 's not very heavy and does n't take up much space . Inflating with the manual pump is a bit cumbersome . However , sleeping on this mattress was MUCH more comfortable than the pad I purchased earlier . Consider an electric pump version .
 Excellent for taking on trips and for guests . The manual pump is easy to operate . Too bad the carrying bag does n't come with it , although ca n't complain at this price .
 The mattress is extraordinarily comfortable . Possibly better than your bed at home . The flocked top surface is good at preventing your slippery nylon sleeping bag from oozing off the edge as you sleep.The large `` Boston '' valve is great for fast inflation and deflation.Prices are all over the place , so shop around . $ 15 on sale is good.My family has 4 of these . The walls are pretty thick -LRB- 14 mil -RRB- , but I have acquired 1 or 2 small punctures over the years . Easily repaired with duct tape or the included patch material . -LRB- Make sure you bring it . -RRB- Get a heavy nylon stuff sack , so it wo n't get punctured during storage or transport.It 's kind of heavy -LRB- 5.8 lbs -RRB- . Not a problem for car camping or in-home use .
 I slept on this for 4 months while living in a tent , and I loved it ! I did have to add some air a couple times a week , but I do prefer a very firm mattress . I found that once I learned how to use the manual pump , it was a great convenience . Otherwise , the bed 's the same as any other twin air mattress
 I bought it after reading the previous reviews so I knew it was going to be comfortable yet cumbersome to inflate . I inflated it quite easily with the bellows -LRB- by hand , not foot -RRB- but it took some time . It was quick enough , however , to make up for not having to carry a pump and remember to buy D batteries . I inflated it on my hardwood floor . I imagine it would be a little more difficult in a tent on grass . Once I try that -LRB- and if I remember -RRB- I 'll update this review . This is meant to be basic . If you look at if from that perspective , it 's great .
 Bought this for traveling , but my son has been testing it for over a week now . Out of the box it has a strong plastic odor that subsides after a day -LRB- I 'm overly sensitive to smells so this was great -RRB- . It 's held up well for a 150 # 5 ' 7 '' boy who 's not all that careful getting into and out of bed . It needs a shot of air added to it nightly before using again , but not more than a short burst just to tighten it up.Overall , we 're happy - it will do well on our trips .
 The quality of this mattress was great for the price I paid . We needed it for a young family member to sleep on , 13 years old , and she said it was very comfy , and not `` cold '' . I recommend this product .
 So I read the bad reviews and gave it a go anyway since it is wonderfully affordable . Yes it smells -LRB- it 's plastic so I assumed it would smell like plastic , no surprise -RRB- . Yes the foot petal takes longer than 2 mins to fill it up -LRB- try some where around 5 once you get the hang of it -RRB- . And correct this does not come with a bag.All of that aside for the price it did what it was supposed to do , kept a 200 lb guy off the ground for 6-8 hours . It did a great job of that for the price . So if you are looking for a simple design with no extras that may take a little leg power to pump up -LRB- and a cpr like move or two -RRB- you came to the right place look no further.At 6 ' 3 '' I had to curl up a bit to keep my feet on the mattress , so if you are a straight sleeper look for a longer bed however if this is for occasional use -LRB- especially outside given the plastic smell others ca n't stand -RRB- then go for it and expect what you pay for -LRB- functionality -RRB- and no more .
 I used this to sleep on at my son 's apartment for two weeks . It was quite comfortable , and although it lost a small amount of air , that may have been a `` first use '' issue due to air filling folds from the factory packaging as they straightened out . All in all it stood up very well to a big gal , a rambunctious 2-year-old grandson -LRB- who used it as a trampoline/crash pad a few times -RRB- and two cats !
 I got this bed this summer because I needed it to go on a missions trip to Philly . I slept on in for 15 nights straight without a single problem . The `` foot pump '' does take a while to fill it up and you have to push it just right or the air does n't get pushed into the bed . My major complaint is that a few weeks after I got home from philly I tried to use it again , and when I got it all blown up I left it for a couple of hours and when I got back it was partially deflated . I do n't know if I punctured it somehow or what but for the price it served my purposes admirably .
 We are not disappointed ! The mattress is easy to inflate ; stays firm ; easy to release the air & pack away . Great for camping & extra guests at home . It 's nice not to wake up on the ground with a rock in your back !
 The air mattress is very sturdy and easy to inflate and deflate . I was even able to get it back into the original box for storage ! I was surprised to find that it has a built it foot pump that was very easy to use . Well worth my $ $ .
 Not super impressive , but also not too bad.After six months -LRB- to the day -RRB- the `` ribs '' that hold it in a mattress shape came undone during the night . SPUNG ! and suddenly there is a big bump running down the middle of it . Then SPUNG ! another - now it 's half the mattress bulged out with nothing to hold it in mattress shape , so it 's shearing sideways and dumping me on the floor next to it as if I was laying on a partly inflated barrel shape.Can ' t really complain - it 's not bad for what it is . A cheap $ 20 air mattress with a built in foot pump.Pros : - The velvet stuff on top feels nicer than just laying on plastic . I put a thick blanket and sheet over it , but it 's still a nice touch . - It 's $ 20 -LRB- at least when I bought it -RRB- . - It has a built-in foot pump , in case you do n't have , or ca n't find , a better pump . - Not a bad size , for me at least , and I 'm 6 foot 3 . Cons : - SPUNG ! - The footpump is n't the most convenient thing in the world . It 's basically a square soft-plastic bellows , built into the corner of the mattress . You need to stand there and press it with your foot , blocking the airway and pushing the air into the rest of the mattress , then lifting your foot to unblock the airway and suck in more air . Works ok in the absence of anything else , but would n't want to have to do it all the time . Also , the footpump is soft plastic , but if you sleep in the corner much , it 's going to be lumpy . - The first few nights it seemed like it lost air , but I think the plastic just stretched . You will need to put in more air the first few times you use it , but then it will keep the same firmness , mostly . At least mine did . - I stepped on the side of it and it tore , just a bit . Fixed it with a couple layers of super-glue and packing tape , just to get it through the night until I ordered something else . Surprisingly , the patch lasted forever , or at least longer than the mattress , so I never needed to replace it until SPUNG ! . If you do n't want to have to MacGyver it though , you should be careful not to step on the side of it very hard . Maybe that was just mine ?
 I ordered this bed for my hubby after a couple of miserable and uncomfortable nights at scout camp on the VERY expensive REI quick set cot . -LRB- See reviews on their site . -RRB- Long story short , this provided a MUCH needed rest for a guy who is 6ft tall and a reluctant camper at best . The pump took a little getting used to . I 'm not sure exactly how it was designed to work . -LRB- The instructions are interesting to say the least . -RRB- But , I used a sock covered foot to cover the hole as I pressed down on it . Then , move your foot as you lift out of the way so that more air can fill the plastic chamber . It works . When you have it as stiff as you want it , put the cap on.For the price , it ca n't be beat .
 Just what I needed , just what I expected . This is definitely a cool , cheap buy . Inflates very well .
 I bought this mattress along with the full size and the intex air pump for a camping trip and I am definitely glad I got the air pump because the foot pump is pretty useless unless you have a couple of days and the leg muscles to pump this thing up . My advice , get the air pump and your little one will be a lot happier to not have to wait till christmas to get some rest .
 This is not the fanciest air mattress you can buy , but it was cheap -LRB- I paid $ 20 on Amazon -RRB- and it does the job . It is comfortable enough to sleep on for a few days -LRB- better than the floor/ground -RRB- and the fact that it comes with a pump built in means less stuff to store . The foot pump works , but it is not the easiest thing in the world to use . It took 5-10 minutes to get it blown up all the way . I like not having a pump to remember to take with it and I like not having to rely on batteries/power cord -LRB- good for camping -RRB- . If if I needed another air mattress I would get this again , but if I was getting a bigger size I would get one with a hand pump instead of the foot pump . -LRB- In fact I have a queen size Intex air mattress with a hand pump and it works great -RRB- .
 Foot inflation is slow but gets the job done . Ended up buying a battery operated inflation device which inflates fully in a couple of minutes . Sleeps great . You stay warmer not being in contact with the cold ground during cold weather camping .
 It seemed to deflate somewhat overnight , but it was very convenient to pump up with the built in pump . Good to have for extra sleep space .
 It is just what I need . It would be better if it did n't smell that bad.Put it outside in the fresh air first .
 I purchased this mattress for visiting a friends new house before the furniture arrived . It is very comfortable and once blown up was very easy to deflate and refill . The first time trying to open the valve to fill was quite difficult and frustrating but once I got it open the first time , it was easier after that . We stay up there on weekends and deflate when we leave although last time I left it inflated and it was still quite firm when I returned a week later . As stated by others it does need `` topping off '' of the firmness after a few days but I consider that normal . All in all I would recommend this mattress to anybody needing one that is reliable .
 Its a camping bed . It works like a camping bed . Its well made and reasonably priced . Not much else needs to be said .
 We got this for our 3 year old to sleep on at the beach . Of course he loved it ! What child does n't like an air mattress ?! When we laid on it it was very comfortable and he had great night sleeps ! It also lasted 3 boys playing on it as well . It was difficult to understand the directions to use the internal foot pump and we could n't figure it out on our own . Luckily we had a pump just in case ...
 great mattress for camping . added feature of self inflation is great for no electiricy evironments . really comfortable and air holds for days without need of additional inflation . definately recommend this product
 My husband slept on this for a week camping . He never had to add more air to it . That is more than I can say for the expensive alternatives . He did not use the foot pump , but rather used an electric pump , as is an option as well .
 I have been wanting a new set of Corelle for years and could n't find a pattern that I liked until now . I think this set is beautiful . I could n't be more pleased ! The only problem was that when I ordered the complete set , the bread plate did n't match so I had to return them . I still need my bread plates !
 This cake pan was great ! The snowman came out soo cute !! Brought it to Christmas dinner at the in-laws , and everyone loved it !! I used peppermint patties as the eyes , M&M s for the mouth , and red chocolate -LRB- Wilton -RRB- for the nose . Frosted his face with vanilla frosting and his hat with chocolate frosting . I put red & green sprinkles in the band on his hand , and used a green gum drop -LRB- rolled out -RRB- and red M&M s to create a holly leaf . It was great !
 Made a cake with this pan for a small party at a friend 's house and it turned out great ! Everyone thought it was cute and delicious . I received the pan quickly and it was in great condition . I would purchase from this seller again .
 I 'm so glad to have found this personal kettle that I 'll probably purchase another for the office or keep in my car , or maybe even give some away as gifts . There is nothing like it on the market from Bodum or any of the other name manufacturers . It 's totally easy to make great tea through the infuser component -LRB- no more filters and strange , messy contraptions -RRB- . The infuser is large enough so that the tea has room to expand.And everything comes apart easily for cleaning and is quite unlikely to break . The kettle has a nice weight and non-skid bottom , easy to pour handle , the size is about a half-liter -LRB- 1.5 hefty U.S. mugs full -RRB- -- and it keeps tea hot for hours . There is no leaking during pouring , unless the gasket comes off when cleaning and has n't been put back in place correctly . I ca n't say enough good things about this product that all loose tea lovers should have and keep for many years.About Timolino , as some other customers have noticed , their shipping is not terribly fast , I guess unless you 're on the west coast . So do n't wait too long to order , if you 're in a hurry . But the product arrived well packed . The box was acceptable for gift giving . For the price , the Travette and company definitely deserve 5 stars plus
 I bought one of these for myself and one for my mother . We both love it ! Now I 'm back to get one for my sister so I can have mine back.It keeps my tea piping hot for hours . My only reservation is
 I had been looking for the Timolino 20 oz . @tanium II Vacuum Travel Mug only to discover that it wasnt on the market anymore.This travette is the same ... just better . the filter is easy to use , the spout does n't drip and its ideal for the loose leaf tea lover . When combined with the travel lid which can be bought seperately it is identical to the titanium II mug .
 This is a great little team maker . The infuser basket sits down in the pot and does not have to be removed after steeping , which is a great way to have a non messy cup of tea . Once you pour your first cup , the tea goes down below the infuser level so the steeping stops at that time . I think this is a genius idea . I would love to have them to give to all of my friends . There is definately another one in my future .
 I have come to like this tea pot so much that I am giving it for Christmas to all of the tea drinkers on my list . It is beautiful , practical , and always keeps my tea hot without becoming bitter . Its brew capacity is perfect for two large cups -LRB- or four small glasses -RRB- . Alternatively , I have made tea for eight by making a concentrate in the Timolino and then diluting the concentrate to the desired strength with just boiled water in the tea cup . I am confident that you , too , will find this pot to be so dependable that it will always be on your countertop - never in the cabinet .
 it 's biggest attribute - it is 20 ounces.top does not screw on -LRB- push on lid with some kind of gasket -RRB- pour spout hole does not close so i cover it with a kitchen towel -LRB- not air tight -RRB- , tea basket is nylon and some sort of plastic frame -LRB- minus a star -RRB- , with stainless no odors or left over flavors , any coffee press is super for loose teas.i ` de say it is a great design for office and quick drinkers . do n't pour too fast or it will leak.will keep your 20 oz hot long enough . it is not made for the long haul on piping hot/leakproof if that iswhat you 're looking for.updatei 'm giving it a 5 as i use it daily and throw loose tea in the body and use my own straineras it is easier to use than glass . . an excellent buy for under 20.00 for me
 I love this tea maker . I have been using it non stop at the office , and have n't found any flows with it . It 's easy to use , to clean , and it 's big enough to make 2 large cups of tea . I usually refill it with water several times , so it lasts me all morning.I have n't bought the accessory to travel with it since I keep it in the office .
 This is a great tea pot . Makes two to three cups of tea , depending on your mug/cup . Four tea glasses for me , which is perfect . Very easy to use and clean . This pot keeps the tea hot for a long time . Recently I made a pot , drank one tea glass , was gone over an hour , came back and the tea was still hot . Not warm , hot . The only downside to this pot is the optional -LRB- why ? -RRB- travel top . Can order it for 2.50 but the shipping is 10 + dollars -LRB- why ? -RRB- .
 This travel mug can be used to carry loose leaf tea , tea from tea bags , coffee , and other beverages . It is also insulated , so your drink will stay the desired temperature for hours . This is the only mug I have found that is so versatile ... 2 thumbs up !
 I love this little tea pot ! Two cups of tea is what I get from this , hot and brewed -LRB- wonderfully I might add -RRB- . Retains its heat , even without warming it up frist with hot water . Clean up is easy , and the bottom is kind of grippy on a smooth surface . Great for the office .
 This is a great product.My only wish is that i came by default with a drinking lid.You can by a drinking lid from vendor for USD 2.50 . The vendor takes orders through e-mail but the only safe way to order item form them is to call them , they lost my e-mail 2 times .
 I 've been using the Timolino PCE-52VTEGPW for a few months now and absolutely love it . It brews a good quantity of my finest loose teas and keeps it hot for a long time . I do n't understand the earlier reviewer who claims otherwise . Jeez , put it in a good Thermos if you want to keep it hot for more than a couple hours !
 This is a really neat little gadget for making hot tea and I suppose it would be good for coffee too although I have n't personelly tried that yet . Sure wish it came with some kind of sealable lid though , then it would be the perfect item to have !
 This is a great pot for brewing two cups of tea . I have the previous version of this tea pot and have been very happy with it . The vacuum insulation is extremely effective so I can leave this on my desk for two hours after the first cup and have the second cup come out perfectly hot.The tea basket is designed well with a fine strainer so finer teas do n't get through the filter . The spout always gives a clean pour with no drips . The mouth of the pot is wide when the lid is removed , making it easy to clean the metal interior . I highly recommend it to tea fans - it is an excellent product for the office .
 I 'm already quite attached to this tea pot . The design is wonderful . Brews excellent tea . Keeps it hot and it 's easy to clean up . Plus , I like that it has a rubber bottom that wo n't scratch my countertop .
 I bought this teapot in stainless steel to take with me on various , frequent trips . It is small , but with an infuser that makes my looseleaf teas a pleasure to travel with . I am very impressed , and amazed that only one company appears to make such a wonderful piece of equipment . I 'm just sorry I did n't buy it sooner . California , Atlanta , Michigan , Oregon ... Here I come !
 I use for loose tea brewing . Makes two large cups using conveniently integrated infuser . Amazing how long it keeps the beverage piping hot .
 I love the Timoline traverse . I was introduced to them in my favorite coffee shop . They are beautiful and so functional for tea & coffee drinkers who like to pour their refreshment servings `` hot '' .
 This is a great tea maker . You put loose leaf tea in the strainer and pour boiling water over it . The tea remains hot in the thermos for at least 15 minutes after the hot water is poured over it . My husband and I like to have tea in the afternoon and this is just the right amount . I plan on getting more for relatives because it is such a wonderful product .
 I love this tea maker , it is easy to use , keeps the tea hot , and is very portable ! There are no negatives to using or owning this item .
 This is perfect for making several teacup sized servings and will keep the tea piping hot . I do wish the top was threaded instead of just push-on so I could be 100 % sure it was secure , but I have n't had any problems so far . The color -LRB- red -RRB- is lovely and I am very pleased with this teapot .
 I came across this Timolino Tea Maker by chance and I 'm so glad I did . Makes about 2 cups of tea . Perfect for home or at the office . I like having tea at work but after a few minutes of brewing in my standard mug , the tea is just warm . This Timolino keeps my tea hot while brewing . Both 3 more as gifts since everyone just loved it .
 I have two of these and have purchased more for my tea drinking friends . Easy to use , well insulated and stable . Occasionally the O-ring seal does n't seem to seat properly and I 'll get a drip or two , but for the most part the quaility is excellent . My only complaint is the size of the infuser basket . In a perfect world , once you poured your first cup , the level of tea falls below the bottom of the infuser , effectively stopping the steeping process -LRB- save for the few drips from the leaves above -RRB- . But for a standard tea cup or even a fairly robust mug , the first pour does NOT bring the tea level down far enough , meaning tea and leaves continue co-mingling after you thought they were done . This is n't a problem if you remove the basket when it 's done steeping , and that 's what I do now , but a shorter infuser basket -LRB- perhaps a half inch -RRB- would also solve this problem , leaving enough room for lots of loose leaf while keeping those leaves above the tea once you 've poured your first cup . What do you think Timolino ?
 Great for making two cups of tea and keeping the second cup piping hot but not overly steeped . It helps that the pot is very sturdy , attractive , and easy to use and clean . Highly recommended for tea enthusiasts !
 This is something that I love for making tea ! I can make tea , pour a cup , and leave the second cup for an hour while I get things done around the house . When I come back , it 's still hot ! Amazing ! Highly recomend to anyone else who loves tea !
 This product works well . It holds two ceramic cups worth of tea . It is designed well and is easy to clean . Because of the way it is made , it does not hold the tea at a boiling hot temperature for more than one hour . No big deal for me . I drink the second cup way before it cools off anyway . The tea basket is handy . You can use it for tea bags or loose tea . I just break the string on the teabag , toss the label and drop it in .
 I have two of these teapots -LRB- one for work and one for home -RRB- and I love them ! Makes 2 cups of tea and keeps it hot for a long time . It has a nice large brew basket that is removable , brews wonderful tea and is easy to clean . I always take one with me when I travel so I never have to be without excellent tea . I am now giving them to all my tea drinking friends . And to the reviewer who picked up the teapot by it 's lid and it `` left tea everywhere '' I would suggest using the rather prominent handle instead .
 I detest luke warm coffee . I got this for work . At 20 oz. , it is about the same size as a jumbo coffee cup . I fill this up first thing in the morning and it gives me the perfect amount of ` morning ' coffee . HOT coffee ! I liked it so much that I bought another one for home . It 's a great product .
 This is an ingenious design , a tea pot that is insulated like a travel coffee mug . It keeps the water very hot and holds several cups . Perfect for those who like to drink tea in the office without it getting cold .
 I needed another teapot like I needed a hole in the head but when I saw this one , I had to have it . I use it a couple of times a day . It is so easy to use and clean . I do n't know how long it will keep my tea hot because after I make a pot , I transfer 14 oz into my travel tumbler to take on the road and still have enough for a nice leisurely cup . One friend who was with me bought one and loves it and I told another friend about it so I have to get her one , too ! I do n't think you 'll be sorry you bought it , however , I wish it came with a spillproof lid to take on the road .
 I ordered a couple dozen of these vases and I was pleasantly surprized when I opened the boxes . I was in charge of doing the decorations for my sons wedding tables . Your guests will be more than pleased to take these decorated vases home as a parting gift . Simple cala lilies and baby 's breath , along with a touch of blue forget-me-nots and voila !! I have more expensive vases , however these filled the bill perfectly . Clean with mild soap and water . Never put these or any other vase in your dishwashers . The color blue is magnificent .
 I am very pleased with my Rachel Ray skillet pan . It is light weight and therefore easy on the wrist and hand . The ceramic finish on the bottom and sides of the pan facilitate cleaning and the maintenance of its appearance.Vigorous scrubbing is no longer necessary . Food is sauteed evenly and quickly . I would not hesitate to recommend this item or to purchase another in the series .
 Not only pretty , but functional and great addition to all cooking utensils . Comfortable stay cool handle and is just the right size for smaller portions . Non-stick and a breeze to clean . Just my kind of fun to use cookware .
 I ordered this pan and the next larger size for my mom because she wanted to try the Rachael Ray cookwear line . She loves the non-stick surface and the blue color looks really nice while on the stove . I think these pans are going to last a long time . They also wash well in the dishwasher .
 Love , love this skillet . Have used it for several weeks . Cleans Easily and looks great in the blue . You can not go wrong if you purchase .
 I own the teapot and the sugar and creamer . They are fabulous !! I get a compliment every time my friends see them . No problem with the packing at all . They make me feel extra special when I use them .
 I purchased this sugar and creamer set over the holidays and am very happy with my purchase . Amazon 's price was competitive , and shipping was timely . Thanks Amazon !
 The set arrived quickly and was well packaged . The only criticism would be the colors are n't quite as saturated as they appear in the picture ... but that 's as much a computer issue as it is the manufacturer . The set adds just the right `` pop '' of color in my kitchen .
 I got these for a steal , $ 180 on Amazon , and they retail for about $ 500 . Knives are incredible ... great balance , feel , handle is very solid ironwood , great selection of knives ... there is n't a single one I do n't use , which is contrary to most reviewers saying they get too many.Steel is very sharp out of the box and has stayed that way for the first couple months I have owned them.Highly recommend snagging them if you can get them for under $ 200 , they simply blow away any set that is remotely close to that price ... great investment .
 03/02/06 update
 My first Sharp microwave lasted a couple of DECADES . This new Sharp is a real jump in technology since then , obviously . I absolutely love how it looks , how it works , and everything else about it . I could NEVER seem to nuke a decent baked potato , but the sensor does it perfect every time , whether I 'm doing a couple or half a dozen . By the way , the old one was still working when I finally gave it up , it was just too small ! And it was way past time for me to take advantage of the new features available now . Even the price was decent , as I researched all brands of microwaves for over a month by the time I picked this one , and there just was n't a better one out there in this price range . And I have more confidence it will last a while .
 With previous M.W. 's I 've ended up only using the minute button , and quessing at the length of time , because too complicated tofigure the category , etc. . With this great Stainless Steel Mediumsize carousel w / room for most anything , all you do is push thebutton to `` Reheat '' or the one to `` Cook '' and the M.W. automatically does what you requested and stops when finished.What to do for rolls , etc. ? Or reheating a bun for yourcrabcake ? There 's a button for fresh rolls or frozen rolls . This is no compact-need plenty of room & it 's heavy but a greatbuy -- even stainless steel !! JRH
 Have had this microwave for 2 weeks . It does all the basics very well -LRB- it 's a powerful little thing -RRB- and it looks really nice . We 'll see if it lasts longer than my old microwave ... I 'll let you know in 2 more weeks.Update - Yup it still works ! Really like this little microwave . Looks very sharp in our kitchen and it works!Update again - After 3 years , this microwave is still going . The display does n't work anymore and sometimes it forgets to beep , but it is still cooking food great !
 This was an update from previous microwave . Style is great . A little larger than I thought . Heats faster and more even than my previous one . I would have given it 5 stars but it took me a few minutes to figure out how to work everything . Reading the manual would have helped but who likes to do that .
 Anything that you put in this bowl looks just great . An easy way to make the simple snazzy . They clean up extraordinarily easy - nothing will stick to these babies !!!
 I had looked at the le Creuset pots and found them ludicrously expensive -LRB- overpriced in my view -RRB- . A cast iron , enameled pan is not made of unusually expensive materials and does not seem likely to require an unusual amount of processing , so it probably should be fairly inexpensive.The Boulud roaster , which I believe I read elsewhere is made by Sabatier , is an excellent enameled iron pot , with simple but functional handles and lid . I got it for poaching chickens , and it is just about the right size for that , though if I had my way , I would like one of the same cross-section but with higher sides so that it would hold a roaster or hen comfortably . The oval shape is nice for reducing the amount of liquid necessary for poaching , which requires less reduction at the finish.The interior is enameled as well , which was not clear in the description .
 I was looking for a roaster that was sized to receive an Oven Stuffer Roaster for purposes of making Salt Baked Chicken . I started out with the 3-quart size which was too small , but the 5-quart is just about 1 inch larger around than an Oven Stuffer Roaster which is just about ideal . I agree with previous reviewer that the height could be slightly higher , but it did barely clear `` the bird '' . Nicely designed cooking vessel for price charged . Seems ideal for chicken/fowl . Interior dimensions are 11 '' long x 8 1/2 '' wide x 4 1/2 '' high .
 Product was shipped and delivered much more quickly than I expected . I love it . It 's attractive and holds a goodly amount of food . I have adult cats and kittens , so I need to store two kinds of food . This is the perfect solution ! Great purchase !
 A beautiful plate - we ordered just the luncheon sizes as we did n't want the large `` dinner '' plates and did n't need a complete set . The color is n't quite as much as the picture shows but it is a very pretty plate nonetheless . We have always used Corelle as it takes up so much less space in the cabinet and is lightweight but very sturdy .
 The plates are the perfect size for lunch plates and the design is beautiful . I love that they do n't get super hot in the mircowave and they seem really durable . They have been through several washings in the dishwasher already and look brand new . I will probably purchase another set . My kids love them too !
 My wife likes a flower design . So , i bought this for my wife . We had regular guests in my house . We treated them with this dish . They liked this dish a lot . Thank you .
 I 'll just reiterate what everyone else says - this is excellent quality , heavy duty silverware for an incredible price . Just the feel of it in your hand is pleasant . The minute you pick it up , you know its nice stuff . For some reason we were constantly running out of clean forks - with this set for 12 it 's not a problem any more , lol . If you are looking for heavy duty , quality flatware you ca n't go wrong with this set .
 I just got my shipment . I am loving it ! They are great !!! Nice weight , elegant , and comfortable . No sharp edges at all . What a great price ! Service for 12 , serving pieces and a caddy ! Also , they are 18/10 stainless . I ca n't stop praising this purchase!Buy them now !!
 well-balanced , heavier than most , holding up well in dishwasher though we 've had them only about 5 months . Do n't need a set of silver !
 This is a great set of tableware . Good heft , excellent finish . The shapes of the forks and spoons are just what we were looking for - almost a contemporary colonial , if that makes sense . Several of the other sets we looked at felt cheap and tinny . This is great value
 this is exactly what I was looking for . . very plain and simple , the spoons are a slightly unusual shape which makes it look vey stylish . the set has a great weight and feel in your hand . paid $ 99 which after shopping around I thought was an excellent price for 18/10 quality
 This Oneida flatware has the look and feel of expensive tableware for special occassions . It feels like you are holding real knives , forks and spoons . A really great deal !
 This flatware if very heavy and just feels great in your hand . I 'm disappointed now every time we eat out with cheaper feeling flatware . This is just an excellent value and we purchased two sets.If you 're looking for high quality flatware and a reasonable price -- this is the set !
 This silverware is everything it claims to be and more . It is beautiful and goes through the dishwasher perfectly . I have received many compliments already . I definitely recommend this set .
 Oneida Chandler flatware is the best I have ever owned -LRB- I bought the mirror finish set -RRB- . Nice weight , slightly large as you would find at a fine dining restaurant . Spoons are great for eating soup !!!! Very happy with this purchase !!!!
 I have had these for a few months and am very satisfied . I have gotten compliments on the them and am very satisfied . I like the wieght of them .
 I really wanted to expand my existing flatware with matching ones that were no longer available through the stores . I was so excited to find them at Amazon and at a fantastic price . I am thrilled to get them and will check Amazon first for my special needed items !
 Love them . Very nice weight - excellent value . At first I was a bit thrown off by the shape of the soup spoon , but it grew on me after a couple of days . Looks kind of trendy and hold up well in the dishwasher . I would definately buy these again when I start loosing peices : - D
 The product is everything stated in the ad . Very well made . My son says the spoons are ergonomically correct . My wife and I agree .
 Got these for a great price on amazon , way less than what they cost locally . This flatware set has a nice weight to it , looks great , and is holding up to washing just fine . The caddy is a nice bonus . My only reservation is that the teaspoons seem to have a bit of an odd shapre , but that is no biggy .
 the pieces in this set are perfect for those of us that like a heavy , solid feel . They are large and substantial so if you are looking for something more delicate these wo n't do . I love them . Impressive finish and and look more expensive than they are .
 This Oneida flatware has the heft and quality I was looking for . I 've only had it a few weeks , but the finish appears to hold up well in the dishwasher . I had some reservation about the somewhat rectangular design of the bowls on the spoons -LRB- my last flatware set had more of a circular bowl on its spoons -RRB- , but I 'm happy with these .
 Bought this for my son and daughter-in-law as a Christmas present . They were definitely wow ` ed ! I was so pleased to find a great deal on Amazon .
 I think so . As with most stuff in Amazon , the price compared well to anything else I could find . Throw in the shipping and lack of sales tax and BAM ! Sold!They 're pretty . Are they durable ? I hope so . I ground up my last set one piece at a time in the garbage disposer . I 'm gon na try to stop doing that .
 This product was even better than I had expected . It 's heavy duty , but looks very classy .
 I do n't have much to add to other reviews except to agree that these are heavy and scratch fairly easily . It 's up to you to decide whether or not you like the former and care about the latter . The pieces are also a little darker than I expected , definitely not as silver as in the pictures.My main issue -LRB- though it 's not a big one -RRB- is with the flatware tray that comes with the set . Obviously you 're not buying the set for the tray , but seriously , you 'd expect them to do better than unfinished -LRB- splintery ! -RRB- wood and some poorly placed staples . I think the original picture of the tray that was provided is deceptive , so I uploaded a couple of my own showing the poor quality . Do n't expect to use the tray that comes with the set - go buy a nice bamboo one .
 This was a great purchase for the price . 65 piece and carrier . I got this for my daughter and her husband as a Christmas gift .
 Bought this to replace my Oneida Colonial Boston , which was nice but we need more place settings . The Chandler has a great finish , sort of polished , but not to `` chromey '' . My wife loved the square tops to the spoons and I like the heft . They are dense!The only negative I can think of is that they are huge . We are normal sized people with normal sized kids , and all but the salad forks and dessert spoons are too big for a kid under the age of 10 .
 First time reviewer , thought I would give it a shot . This is a very nice set of flatware for $ 99 . It is not 18/10 as some folks have said , but I bought it for everyday use , not as the `` good silver '' , so that is not a problem with me . Nice , hefty weight , I personally can not stand tinny silverware . Cleans up very nicely also . I have not had it long enough to notice scratches . The only reason it is getting 4 stars instead of 5 , is the so called carrier it comes with . The picture is totally deceiving , looks like finished wood . Please check out the other reviewer 's picture , that is exactly what it is like , unfinished and extremely plain , except I at least did not get the staple . All in all tho , you ca n't go wrong with this set . Enjoy !!
 This set was purchased to replace an upscale stainless set whose replacements have become too expensive . I use the new pieces primarily for everyday use with my stoneware dishes . However , I would not hesitate to use this stainless for casual dining with guests . The pieces are nicely balanced and have a certain heft to them that I find particularly appealing . While I am totally satisfied with this purchase -LRB- and would recommend it to others -RRB- , I have noticed that the spoons and forks are about one-half inch shorter than my previous stainless set . And , to my chagrin , despite my attempts to buy American , the set is not of American origin . In fact , there is no country of origin marking on the knives and on the spoons and forks , the Oneida name is dye sunk into the underside of the handles . An unaware consumer might assume the stainless was of U.S. manufacture , but a careful examination of the underside of the spoons and forks -LRB- not the handles -RRB- reveals that the name CHINA is faintly stenciled and is actually visible only when viewed from certain angles .
 One does not need to order a caddy for the silverware since it is included in the 65 piece flatware set . Silverware -- great value !
 This is very nice flatwear . Heavy and durable . I suggest you use nothing but a sponge to pre-clean this flatwear . Do not use a scrubby pad or brillo or anything abrasive at all to clean it - this flatwear scratches easily if you use anything other than a sponge . Taking it out of the dishwasher you will have to polish it quickly before putting it away to avoid spotting . The wooden trey it comes with is fine but not in any way form fitting for the flatwear .
 Great set of flatware . I like the simple , clean design and the substantial but not overwhelming size and heft . Amazon 's price made it an easy choice . Also , some reviews on this site and other 's made me anxious about putting them in the dishwasher , but they 've been through a couple of months of near daily cycles and no problems whatsoever .
 For the money , I do n't think you can do better . Nice heavy weight and durable set . Definitely recommend .
 We received this for Christmas/Anniversary from my father . Boy , I can tell you it was worth the wait to open it . If you like clean lines , yet modern flair ... this is for you . The silverware is so think and heavy . We can not wait to throw our first dinner party .
 Oneida Chandler 65-Piece Flatware Set , Service for 12I purchased this set on 10/28/2008 and received it within a week.The quality was excellent with a mirror finish.The weight of each piece was well balanced and the butter knives are serrated for meats to be served.Thankyou , Amazon ! J.M.
 I purchased these using some of our wedding gift money 2 years ago . It is still in beautiful condition -LRB- other than the spoon that got chewed up by the garbage disposal . I have washed them in the dishwasher daily . I love the heavier weight and the generous sized spoons -LRB- I 'm a big cereal eater -RRB- .
 For some reason I repeatedly lose dinner forks and I was down to only 4 , so I ordered this Oneida flatware set for 12 . I love , love , love it . Great buy . Came in good time . Does what I need it to do and it looks very nice . The storage tray was pretty much worthless , but the flatware is great . I highly recommend it .
 This silverware set is very nice and I 've gotten several compliments on it as well as on the wooden tray that the pieces come in for storage . It is almost exactly what I expected and it 's very plain and simple which is what I wanted so that it could be timeless and go with any occasion . From the images I expected the appearance to be more of a bushed/matte look and they are in fact very shiny . They are also quite large in comparison to our previous silverware set . The pieces are weighted nicely and we 've gotten compliments on that as well . We 've been using them for about a month and they still look new :-RRB- . I am very happy with this purchase .
 This set is fantastic . It has great heft for flatware and with service for 12 at this price what is not to like ? Would recommend to everyone I know .
 I really like how fast Amazon.com shipped out the silverware . The silverware is beautiful ! I feel this was a great purchase for a set of 12 ! I am really happy with how they look and the weight of the silverware is slightly heavier than I thought it would be , but it sits well in your hand and they are holding up great in the dishwasher ! I have no complaints ! I know they will last me years ! This was my first purchase from Amazon.com and I will definately use them again !
 It is very heavy and durable . It is a very nice set for the price .
 I was looking for a good set of spoons forks knives etc for my house . I got this set and it is everything i was looking for . Classy look , perfect size great set for dinners . I also got a different wood storage tray based on the customer reviews . To my surprise the storage tray that came with this set was good and perfect for the set . I kept the new one i bought anyways because it was better quality and i put all my old spoons fork etc into this one . Get it if you looking for something nice for the house with quality . 5 stars easy .
 Oneida Chandler 65-Piece Flatware Set with Wood Storage Tray , Service for 12I had seen this item at Macy 's for a higher price . I am glad I was able to get it from Amazon . It is elegant , yet causual . Has solid feel as it is heavier than the cheap silverware . I also like the unique shape of the spoon.I only had it for a month but so far , it 's come out shining from the dishwasher . My only negative , is that the wood storage tray seems cheap . Nonetheless , I would definitely buy this again .
 I recieved these in lightning time and was very thrilled witht the set . They are solid and heavy . I used the tray that it comes with which is fine , but I wish it could have had an expandable side . I highly recommend these .
 Nice quality . I was so glad to find this hard to get frame size . Perfect for the picture I have - looks great !
 This is a great knife.The blade is nice and stiff . There 's a good amount of clearance between the blade and the handle so your hands do n't hit the cutting board when cutting vegetables.It has a real quality , solid feel to it . The blade holds a good edge . Just hone it with a steel before use and it cuts great .
 PRO : -- very sharp-weight is very well balance-solid constructionCON : -- None so far
 This was for a gift , but my husband loves it ! It motivated him to cook even more.lol ! Great purchase ! Txs !
 Where to start ???? As a former Marine , and in the culinary industry for over 10 years now , I know My blades . This is THE best balanced French Kinfe I have EVER held . Factory edge is razor sharp , but my particular one still needed honing of MINUTE burrs , but overall 5 stars and I will be accumulating the rest of the set
 I have 2 of these knives and a few others from the four star II series . They are all amazing . I have used ceramic knives and those are about as sharp , but they do n't have the weight and durability this knife has . Other knives do n't compare . Beside ceramic knives all other knives are dull compared to this one . I would happily pay $ 200 for this knife after having used it for more than a year . I hone them regularly with the honing steel to keep them feeling sharp . After using one knife daily for 1 year I bought a second one . The new one was just as sharp as my year old knife . I expect to have these knives for at least 20 years .
 I Received this package safely and quickly with next day shipping . I had to sharpen the blade when it arrived as it was a little dull . Otherwise than that it was an overall good delivery.I went to immediatly use it in the kitchen and had no problems whatsoever . I looked everywhere on amazon to find the best knife for my job and kept coming back to the Twin 4 star 2 edition . The handle is far more comfortable then there previous models wich is some type of metal base . It is also perfectaly balanced . This will make a great edition to anyone that need a good quality , dependable,long-lasting knife .
 I purchased two of these cabinets for a very tight space in a guest cottage where I 'm staying - great product ! They look better than I expected given the reasonable price , and had great assembly instructions . I 'm very short of space and storage in the cottage and these have worked wonderfully . I have a bookshelf stereo which I keep on top . The middle section is tall enough to accommodate some bottles -LRB- see photos -RRB- and I really like the top arched design details . The glass on the doors is nicely textured and looks attractive .
 It is sometimes hard to tell if a product is realy going to satisfy my needs by a picture or even the other reviews . I am surprised by how much I like this timer . It stands by itself , will stick on the refrigerator or any other metal surface , and best of all I can clip it to my pocket . It is also easy to set/and or change the settings . I only wish I had done this yesterday when I had a batch of cookies in the oven ~ they burned because I did n't . My only wish is that it were a little louder . Other than that , it is worth every penny I paid for it .
 Amco Digital TimerI bought this item the first time at Stacks and Stacks . It lasted four years before I dropped it into the sauce I was cooking and drowned it . Then I purchased two more via Amazon because I missed it so much . It appears to be the exact same product , but the alarm is not as loud as it used to be . It 's just enough if I am not more than 25 feet away , but the previous one was so loud I could hear in from the bathroom with the water running . For people like me , who forget things on the stove , the louder ringer would have made this a four star product . Why not five stars then ? Well , it is a very light weight item - I like it just fine the weight that it is , but it is small and easy to drop -LRB- into your sauce -RRB- . Still a very good item - reliable , easy to program and reset as well as long lasting with easy to replace AAA battery . I would purchase it again .
 I bought this same type of timer about one year ago . My sister and friend loved it so much I wanted to get them one for Christmas . I looked everywhere but could not find it . Finally I found it on Amazon . The neat thing about this timer is that it is magnetic and can be stuck on to the fridge . This is a great product ... and it makes a great gift !
 This mug is very stylish and cute !! I 've purchased several of them from this seller and have received many compliments on them . I 've no problems with leaks as far as when drinking out of them . I use -LRB- 1 -RRB- K-cup twice to fill it up so it holds quite a bit off coffee . I have travel mugs that do n't hold as much coffee as this mug .
 I bought this mug as a replacement mug for my friend for Christmas . Delivery was speedy & it was double packed so it came undamaged . My friend really liked it , but as with the last mug -LRB- almost identical -RRB- I bought for her several years ago ... it 's breakable . I only hope it lasts as long as the previous which was broken last fall . It was correctly represented , but I sure wish it could be made out of hard plastic .
 This J.A. Henckels cutting board is great as a small cutting board . Besides being a cutting board , you also will feel good about serving guests on this board . I recently used this board to slice a small pork loin I smoked on my grill and was preparing to put the slices on a plate for my wife to pass around to our guests . While I turned around to wash off my Henckels knife , my wife grabbed the board with the meat still on it and took that to pass around and serve the guests . I purchased some Snow River Wood Oil to help keep it looking sharp , and I wipe it with that product after about every 4th or 5th use .
 We 've been using this for 3 month now . No problem so far . The big reasons I bought this are the juice groove and the size . Turns out the groove is n't really that important for us , but the size is great , and being squarer than most boards , it 's more versatile than our old board.I was wary about warping or cracking , since this board is made in Thailand , which is probably more humid than the US , but so far so good .
 I chose this cutting board , because it 's large enough for most household needs , yet does n't require a lot of storage space . And it has the juice well all around to help contain messes . A perfect size .
 I bought this item about 7 months ago . I have been using it for cooked food and food that can be eaten uncooked -LRB- e.g. , fruits , veggies for salad -RRB- . I like it a lot , I am going to buy another one for meat , fish and other food items that need to be cooked .
 It 's a great every day board . The only complain I have is that it seems to dull my knives more because the surface is pretty hard . That 's what you get for spending minimal money but it functions just as what I would expect without paying for those expensive wood cutting boards .
 Good size for everyday kitchen work . Nice look . There 's really not alot to say about a board ... it keeps the knife away from the counter .
 i got this board to match my knife set . great quality , heavy , thick cutting board . i love it . nice well to collect juices . picture does n't do it justice .
 I 've been using Le Creuset for years , and am lucky enough to live near one of their factory outlets or else I might not be able to feed my addiction to their cookware , but this roaster from DBK seems to be as well made as Le Creuset but at about half the price I would pay at their stores . I 've used it several times now and do n't find it lacking in any way . Excellent pot at a great price .
 First of all I want to make it clear that my review reflects the very recent purchase - end of January 2008 . Something may not apply for other periods.This is a pretty decent pot for a very good price - $ 59.99 - more then 40 % off the regular price . But the catch phrase is - it 's not returnable . So if you are `` try and return '' person - it 's may be not for you.I think it 's a `` The Last of the Mohicans '' - you would n't find DBK cast iron pots anywere else anymore -LRB- may be on e-bay -RRB- and that 's may be the reason for lower price . My pot arrived broken - imagine me openning the box with 7qt cast iron , only to find it 's has a crack in it ! I called Amazon -LRB- remember - it 's not returnable ! -RRB- and they send me a replacement . Thank you Amazon , I love your customer service ! The new pot also had some minor deformities , but no cracks or chipped enamel.By the way , it 's made in China.The pot has very flat bottom - I have a ceramic stove top and it 's very important ! I love the lid - it 's very heavy , fit 's perfectly and has some spikes inside -LRB- same as on outside - you can see them on a picture -RRB- . I made my first pot roast and when I opened the pot after a few hours in the oven there was no condensation on the lid from inside - all moisture went back to the pot!The inside of the pot is the same black enamel as outside -LRB- not like in the Staub pots -RRB- but I do n't have complaints here - deglazed and cleaned without problems.There are no plastic/phenolic handles so pot can go into the oven in any temperature . I make no-knead bread and the high temps toleration is very important!So , if you are looking for a decent pot - this one will work for you !
 have had this item several years and it is used all the time . great product
 The Hollywood Glasses from Cat Studio make a lovely addition to the other Cat Studio glasses that I have bought from other cities . They are colorful , pretty and a pleasure to have on my table and a pleaure to drink from . They are dishwasher safe !
 My only complaint with this is that it seems to lose the signal for the outside temperature frequently . Other than that , I think it works very well.Worth noting
 I bought two versions , one with weather forecast and the other just temp . Both work fine and were easy to install . The only fault I see is they can not be hung on a wall , my preference , but must sit on a table top . Other that that there work fine
 I really like this clock , it has all the info . I could ask for but I only wish that it had a backlight so , I could see it what time it is at night or early in the morning.Thanks .
 For a small weather station , it has a lot of information to give . My family is constantly checking this unit before leaving the house to determine what to wear , and how the weather will be changing . We love it . I bought two additional units for both of my sisters .
 Oregon Scientific BAR888NA Cable Free Weather Forecaster with ExactSet Clock and Indoor/Outdoor ThermometerThe indoor and outdoor temperature works great . The barometer picture is not accurate , at times . Customer service does n't seem too anxious to help with questions . If you call the 800 number they do call back , but if you are not home they leave a message that is n't a toll free number , for call back . I 'm not going to play phone tag , so I still have questions , about the operation , of the unit , that are not answered in the paperwork .
 This atomic clock keeps great time was able to make contact with the atomic clock in denver keepsaccurate time.Provides time , weather info , tempertures inside & outside.One look at this clock you willknow what kind of weather to expect .
 Bought on impulse to maybe give as a gift but decided to keep it when I saw how cute it was . The size is just right -LRB- one that I already have is bigger -RRB- but the display is still large and clear enough without taking up much space . All the details are displayed so you can get a quick read of time -LRB- atomic so no need to adjust -RRB- , day , date , weather trend , in and out temps and barometric pressure -LRB- rising or dropping -RRB- and moon phase . And the price was right too -LRB- bought on sale -RRB-
 Easy to set up initially . Buttons are n't marked very clearly and small . Generally do n't need them after setup except to check daily hi and low temps . Major drawback is the outdoor sensor is about 3 degrees -LRB- F -RRB- too high . Comparing to several other thermometers it was consistently higher . They need better QC on these at the factory .
 I have been hooked on Ken Onion knives since I first bought a Ken Onion Blur tactical folding knife . The lines are both attractive and functional on his knife designs . I then splurged on an 8-inch chef 's knife about a year ago . That knife quickly replaced almost all my other knives for most tasks . The handle is perfectly designed to promote a pinch grip that gives you tons of control.When I saw this knife come across on a lightning deal , I had no choice . For the first time I caught a glimpse of what the characters of Sex in the City felt like when seeing a killer pair of shoes on sale -LRB- never seen the show , but I assume that must have happened -RRB- . Even though I had three paring knives , I had to have this one.Glad I bought it . This angle is unique , for sure , but it 's nice in that you can still get a nice full grip of the substantial handle while avoiding banging your knuckles into the cutting board . Years ago there was a line of Shun knives called Alton 's Angles ; this seems to be the rebirth of that concept , although Ken Onion gets the royalties this time rather than Alton Brown . This knife is great for handheld paring tasks , as well as work on a board . It quickly became my favorite paring knife.Let me address the sharpness issue in a couple of negative reviews . If you 're comparing this to a victorinox forchner -LRB- great knife , no disrespect -RRB- or a Wusthof or a Henckels , you probably already have an appreciation for great knife design . However , those are german-designed steels with Rockwell Hardness scores in the high 50s -LRB- 58 or so -RRB- . This means they will hold an edge reasonably well , but will also be reasonably easy to sharpen . They are ground to about a 22 degree bevel.These Shun knives -LRB- and Globals , as well as certain Henckels lines , MAC , etc -RRB- are made from a harder steel . They have a hardness rating over 60 -LRB- as high as 63 -RRB- . This allows them to be ground to a sharper edge -LRB- around 15-17 degrees -RRB- . That means they 'll be less adept at crushing bones and processing whole chickens , but you 'll get paper-thin slices of tomato or sashimi . You 'll also mince ginger or garlic or shallots or chives with ease . However , with a harder steel comes more difficult sharpening . Once sharp , though , it will hold its edge longer.I highly recommend this knife , and any in the Ken Onion line . I also recommend getting a magnetic stripMIU France Stainless Steel Magnetic Knife Holder , 20-Inchesor knife dockThe Container Store Knife Dockto hold them securely and avoid banging around in the drawer . I also recommend a wood , end-grain cutting boardProteak Teak Cutting Board Rectangle 20-by-14-by-2-1 / 2-Inch Hand Grip and Juice Canal , End Grainor polypropylene oneOXO Good Grips 10-1/2 - by-15-Inch Utility Cutting Board , Black Edge -LRB- the OXO fits in the dishwasher -RRB- . Hand-wash your knife and dry it before storage and you wo n't have any issues with rust . Unlike carbon-steel knives , this is a very low-maintenance blade.Lastly , to maintain your blade , I recommend using a honing rod after every use or at least every few usesShun DM0750 Sharpening Steel - the Shun has an angle guide for both german and japanese angles . Note - this is a honing rod , and not a sharpener , although most honing steels are still marketed as sharpening steels , unless they are diamond or ceramic , they wo n't sharpen . I also recommend a dedicated sharpener for use once every 6-12 months . I do n't like the rod idea for taking off metal to restore a blade - too much room for error . I like one that gives you good control and low risk of damaging blades -LRB- i.e. a manual one -RRB- - my favorite is this one : Spyderco 204MF Triangle Sharpmaker .
 This is an extremely well shaped knife , nothing like your average paring knife . It is more like a mini santoku knife in the way it operates . It chops , dices and pares with ease and is extremely easy to handle . I had thought the weight of the knife would make it less capable , but it does not . It cuts through everything with aplomb.As far as the rust report by another individual . We have not seen that at all . We , of course , do not wash it in a dishwasher . Not sure if they did . But ours shines like new.Note that at times , some rust can poke through on a knife made of carbon steel . Usually a good scrubbing gets rid of it . But we have not seen that at all on these knives .
 This 3 inch paring knife is easily 5 stars . It seems a bit pricy when you realize that for only a few dollars more you can get the much bigger Shun Ken Onion knives , but this is a very handy size and much easier to manipulate and cut stuff than some of the larger knives . Especially if you have not been trained as a professional chef . The blade is very nice looking with the Damascus looking ripples in the blade . It has a 3/4 shank . The bolsters are very well made and fit both the blade and handles very well . The handle looks to made out of some sort of dark wood , possibly Ebony . The feel of the contoured handle is very comfortable and the angle of the blade to the handle seems well thought out . Over all this is a very good knife and I think if you do a lot of cooking this one is well worth the money .
 I bought three Shun knives from the lower end of the collection just to see if all the hoopla about Shun was just that or if these knives are for real . They 're for real . Great little knife that is very sharp and fits my hand nicely . I shaved a soft peach of its skin and did so removing a minimal amount of fruit while the skin came away effortlessly . Much better than my Wusthoff .
 I already had two paring knives -LRB- one German , one Japanese -RRB- but when I saw this one I had to try it . I have two -LRB- different -RRB- Shun knives already and so knew the quality would be great and it is . I love the design of this knife because I can use it for all those little jobs that one is `` supposed '' to use a chef 's or utility knife for but in reality a 3 '' blade is quite enough
 I never used my old paring knife , but this one I use all the time . I think it 's because this knife does the work for you - it 's like slicing through butter no matter what you 're using it for . It 's so sharp , I just love it . The handle is perfect for my small , arthritic hands . While pricey , it 's worth it .
 Shuns are , indeed , perfect . The blades are beautiful , like a museum quality samurai sword or medieval Turkish scimitar . The edge is astounding , and , so far , none of my Shuns seem to lose their factory edge . The Ken Onion handles are , likewise , beautiful , and I slightly prefer their thin feel in the hand to that of the slightly bulkier Shun left or right handed models . But you get what you pay for and these are not cheap . Over time I have replaced all of my knives with Shuns , and this was the last one . The chef knives are my go-to for almost everything .
 I bought a set of these knives and love them so much that I am buying them for my mom.Not only are they functional , but the blade itself is the most beautiful out there . If you have n't seen these in person , the blade itself has the most beautiful pattern to it . As expensive as they are , I still hold them as one of the best purchases we have made .
 This is a great knife . It makes working in the kitchen so much easier . Would have bought it sooner had I only known !
 The Ken Onion Shun 3-inch Paring Knife was everything I expected and more . It fits the hand oh so well and glides over surfaces I work on . This blade should be owned by any serious griller !
 This is my first high quality kitchen knife , so I may be a little bias , but I think it 's amazing . Beautiful construction , great feel in your hand , and a nice sharp blade edge on high quality steel . Now I need to save up for the rest of the set .
 Ken Onion is my favorite style . This has now become my &#34; go to &#34; knife for many different uses . I especially like the thin edge . Makes it much easier to peel veggies . Light weight , top quality .
 Love this knife , it works great for cutting up small items like veggies or fruits . I 'd love to get more from this collection
 I have not had it long enough to know for sure . It seems sharp and feels good in my hand .
 I AM SO GLAD I ORDERED THIS HORSE , MEDICINE PONY OH IT IS BEAUTIFUL.I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMED THIS HORSE .
 We have used Root brand candles for years and find them very superior to other brands . They burn slow , even and the scented ones are plesant .
 I am very satisfied with this set and found it at a great price for a 9-piece set . The Henckels knives are the greatest and the Twin Four Star II are the best of the sets . These knives are so well built and sharp that it takes a bit to get use to if , like me , used a cheap set for years.TF
 OMG ! If you love peacocks like I do , you 'll adore this chip and dip . By chance I found it and ordered it immediately . Before I received it , I read some of the other reviews that stated breakage for other Tracy Porter collections and agonized over it , however my piece came in perfect condition . I gazed at it for days . Ca n't wait to entertain with it !!
 All Tracy Porter collections are striking and beautiful . This Chip n Dip server looks awesome on the table and coordinates well with the rest of the collection , however I wish it were a little larger and anyone looking to add a Chip n Dip accessory to their collection I would choose the round version with covered lid as its a little bigger and seems more functional . I bought both .
 Great hose . I did not give 5 stars because it kinks easily and cuts off water flow . The black rubber hoses seem to be a little better from that standpoint , but they can not take high temperature like this one . So I reserve this to drain the heater .
 I was a little leary about buying a re-built toaster oven but I am thrilled with this purchase . The convection oven bakes fast and well . I made a small pan - for two - of Roast Turkey Thighs with Veggies first thing . It looked and tasted better than when I make it in my large oven.Toast comes out perfect , usually on the 5 setting , unless there is a lot of sugar in the bread.I have the white model that goes well in my kitchen . It is easy to clean , almost the same footprint as the Blacker and Decker toaster oven it replaced . It just looks crisp and snazzy on the counter.Buying a re-built appliance can save money and I think Cuisinart does a fine job with this offering.This is one of my best ever kitchen purchases .
 I 've had this oven for over a year , and use it for EVERYTHING ! I bake pies , casseroles , potatoes , bisquits , and roasts . The only time I ever use my big oven is to make cookies , or a large pizza ... things that are just too big to fit in my toaster oven . The tem . is very accurate , it heats up very fast , and cooks evenly . I just did n't have the $ $ to afford a NEW one , but the refurb one is just as terrific !
 So far so good . I like the look and size of the oven . Works just fine .
 I love this pitcher ! This was my first Tracy Porter purchase . I am now hooked ! The colors are wonderful . Now , this is not a pitcher you let the kids play with - and I would not fill it too full with liquid as the handle feels very delicate . BUT it is so pretty with flowers in it -LRB- but the flowers will then hide the beautiful turquiose blue of the pitcher interior -RRB- . If you have a french country or provencial fondness -LRB- or just an eclectic tatst that includes liking these colors and Tracy 's wonderful flowers -RRB- you are going to love this pitcher .
 Wonderful microwave oven . Shipping and delivery was prompt and arrived in excellent condition .
 We ordered this microwave online because no one locally carried the Bisque color , and the price was better than if we ordered it from local vendors . Our old one died and we needed the bisque color to match our cabinets and appliances , which are all the bisque color . The only complaint I have about it is that the door is very loud when closing ... has a real tinny , unpleasant sound . Not solid sounding . That 's the only complaint about it that we have .
 Overall , a nice microwave . Pluses
 Very pleased . I havent tried all the pre-programmed features yet , but it is very easy to use and seems to do a good job of heating things up . My prior microwave was pretty old and often took extra minutes to get things hot . This one works the first time and I actually sometime need to reduce the cooking time that I had grown accutomed to with the old one .
 There are a few new features on the microwave that were not on our ll year old one . It is great to not have to turn over potatoes for baked potatoes . I am having trouble adjusting to more intense heat ... keep lowering the power for heating things and sometimes they still heat too quickly . I miss the recipe booklet . Over all I am satisfied with it .
 I just purchased one of these to replace my SHARP microwave that I had for 8 years . I figured 8 years is a good run , so I went right back to sharp . My old one started not warming very well , the door started to not open as well.A lot of new features on this unit . . The sensor warming up thing seems to work pretty good.I do not know why they changed the POWER LEVEL changer from the way it was . You used to hit the POWER LEVEL and then for example 4 for 40 % . Now you have to keep pressing the button . I do not know why they changed this . No big deal . It is much quieter than my last one.As someone said earlier the door is flimsy and shuts loud but no big deal.If there is one thing I do not like and is why I didnt go with 5 stars , is that the display is VERY poorly made . My old one you were able to read it from any angle . This is a cheaper LED display and if you dont look directly into it , it is hard to read well , and smaller so hard to see across a room . Not that big of a deal.It is a perfect size .
 I 'm not one to write reviews of appliances , but I have been very pleased with this microwave . When it 's time to upgrade from a $ 39 dorm microwave , this is the one for you . Lots of bang for your buck.I am particularly impressed with the sensor feature of the Sharp . When making popcorn , for example , you touch the `` popcorn '' button once and the overn turns on automatically . When the inside of the microwave reaches a certain temperature the sensor shuts off the oven automatically for ZERO unpopped and ZERO burned kernels . I 'm considering calling the Guiness Book of World Records on that one.Frozen meals cook evenly . I also like that the turntable is flush with the bottom of the oven.Best Buy was recently selling it for $ 99 -LRB- I purchased it for $ 89 -RRB- , so $ 79 is an excellent price . Buy it and be happy .
 This is a wonderful microwave oven that cooks things perfectly everytime -LRB- so far -RRB- . It uses whats called `` sensor cooking '' so there is no need to guess about how long things should cook . If you want to reheat things from the fridge , just hit the sensor cook key , the oven starts automatically , the oven decides the amount of time needed and reheats it perfectly . No standing there wondering how long is long enough , no constantly having to waste time opening & uncovering to check if the food is ready . My experience with microwaves says things will be overcooked or undercooked everytime & you need to either stop it early or add extra time , NOT WITH THIS OVEN !!! it also has sensor settings for specific foods , such as frozen entrees , meats , rice , & veggies . Also easy to use , hit sensor and the number that corrosponds with the food you 'll be cooking and you 're good to go . Simple and easy . Say you use sensor cook to cook something that requiries turning over during the cooking cycle , no problem , the oven will stop , beep , the digital display will read `` turn over . '' Most of the info you need is right there on the oven key panel so no need to keep the instruction book handy to continually check to see how to use this or that feature . The oven even has a help menu on the digital readout . While I have n't experienced no unpopped popcorn kernals , I can say the VERY little kernels remain unpopped . The oven even differentiates between the regular sized bags and the new snacked sized ones . This oven makes microwave cooking even faster because you do n't waste time constantly checking the food for doneness . My local K-Mart sells this oven for $ 109 , Walmart wants $ 99 , so the Amazone.com price of $ 79 is definitely a bargin and with the free shipping , how can you not think this is one of the better purchases you 'll ever make .
 I bought this microwave through the PC Richard store in my area , -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- but wanted to write a review about it anyway . I read the other reviews and they almost scared me off from buying this model , but I 'm SO glad I ended up buying it . It works really well . All the features , like the sensor cooking take the guessing out of how many minutes to cook something for , which I love . The popcorn button works flawlessly . I 'm not used to having such a powerful microwave , at 1200 watts you have to be careful b/c foods cook very quickly and powerfully , so you do n't want to burn anything . But , I love it and am very happy with this model . I highly recommend it !
 This is about the fourth microwave I 've purchased over the years and it is my favorite . I like the size
 The Sharp R-320HK delivers high power , a 1.2 cubic foot oven , and many features with a small footprint that will fit in many kitchens with limited counter space . The Carousel feature was a major factor in my purchase . BUT the keypad has several drawbacks
 This microwave was rated very highly by Consumer Products which was the reason I bought it . I have not been disappointed . It is an excellent product -- especially for the very reasonable price .
 Microwave is powerful and easy to use . Keypad has many everyday items , ie , baked potato , popcorn , etc. . Turntable is recessed in bottom making cleaning of any spill overs easy . Highly recommended , great value and good looking too !
 College kid , when i 'm too lazy to cook , i dump my instant frozen dinners in it and the sensor touch cooks it to perfection , no more guess work and memorising that my fried chicken needs 5 mins while my swedish meatballs only need 3.5 mins.popcorn turns out great so far , warming up my yesterdays leftovers are also prefect.pretty decent space for college student , enough space in it to a whole chicken as well.so far , so good
 This is a great microwave , I love all the features . My only problem is that the dimensions listed on the website have the height as
 I conducted an in-depth analysis of microwave manufacturers with emphasis on quality and price . This Sharp unit has proven to be an excellent oven for our use with features that empower a `` senior citizen '' user . Service & delivery from Amazon was outstanding .
 This microwave fit perfectly on my counter , and the bisque color matches my fridge , double oven , and dishwasher . Am making adjustments to the increased power -LRB- 1200 watts -RRB- as my previous microwave was only 1000 watts . Having a turntable was important also . I have other Sharp products and none have disappointed me .
 I have been looking for a compact microwave . This oven ended up being bigger than I wanted -LRB- midsize -RRB- but had the functions I really wanted . I 'm very happy with this unit . Good instructions , love the sensory cooking feature and I would not hesitate to recommend this oven .
 I was looking for a bisque colored microwave , which is not an easy find , and found this on Amazon . I ordered it on a Monday and received it less than 24 hours later the next day ... WOW !! With NO SHIPPING !!! Product looks great and works fine . Could n't be happier with this transaction .
 We have 13 people that share this unit . It 's a great microwave that consistantly holds-up to heavy use .
 This is an excellent microwave . Bought it for the color to match applicances and am very pleased with it . No problems at all .
 the sharp 1200 watt micro was exactly what i wanted . the delivery time was amazing . the micro works very well and takes care of all my cooking needs .
 I really like this Sharp microwave ... my first one was purchased four years ago and recently the rotating carousel quit working . I love the bisque color and found it difficult to find another microwave in bisque so I ordered the exact same model again . You ca n't beat the price and it does the job without taking up too much room on the counter . My only disappointment is that it is loud while operating and the door makes a loud noise when you close it .
 Last one lasted 4 years on my boat . For the little use it gets I hope this one last much longer .
 When looking for a microwave , we had narrowed it down to a basic , mid-sized with a turntable . I 'd had good luck with Sharps before , so we were looking especially closely at those.We liked the size and wattage of this microwave , although we did n't think we 'd need all the extra bells and whistles -LRB- sensors , especially -RRB- it came with . One thing that unnerved me a little bit was that we were unable to find this model in any store near us ... I wanted to be able to press the buttons , open the door , etc before buying ... but no such luck . We were able to find similar models in local stores , though , so that helped somewhat.After reading reviews here and elsewhere , we decided to order from Amazon . Shipping was free and amazingly quick . Set up was easy.And I love my microwave -- even -LRB- maybe especially -RRB- the sensor buttons -- they are so easy to use and are very handy -LRB- especially the beverage and the hot water ones -RRB- . The only thing we 've had problems with is popping popcorn ... both using the sensor and doing it `` manually , '' our popcorn has scorched . But I 'm not entirely certain that 's not a factor of the popcorn itself -LRB- or , um , operator error -- ha ! -RRB- . For the most part the controls are intuitive and are easy to use . My only complaint is that the buttons are a tad small -- it 's easy to hit the wrong one if you 're in a hurry or not concentrating -- but again , that 's more operator fault than microwave fault .
 Love , love , love the sensor feature on this microwave . I have n't over nuked anything since getting it . Plus , I actually defrosted some pork chops in it last night , which is something I would never of thought of doing in my old microwave because they would have been ruined.This transaction was so fast and the microwave was delivered very quickly and the price ... . it could n't be beat .
 delivery quick . microwave beautiful and amazing . equally amazing -- the good price , free shipping and no sales tax . thanks .
 We use the microwave every day and have not had a single problem . Does not do Popcorn well but , very quick on all other foods .
 This microwave is the easiest to operate of all that I 've encountered ! The sensor cooking feature is a great time saver!It 's the easiest and most dependable way to cook rice.What a fantastic bargain !
 Perfect . Sensor is a great invention . Really big inside and works fast . Just be careful and measure the space you will put it in . I kind of assumed it would be smaller as I previously used one around the size of the smaller Sharp microwave for sale here in brushed aluminum , which does look cool , but lacks the sensor function , I think . If you have the space , this is the one to get , but for that Manhattan studio , I 'd opt for the smaller , brushed metal one .
 This microwave is great overall , but I have found that the beverage feature does not really heat adequately and the sensor for frozen vegetables still leaves them a bit underdone -LRB- and I like them crisp ! -RRB- . I really enjoy the reheat sensor and it works very well . Great for the price at Amazon !
 Replaced a ten year old Microwave with this Sharpe R-320 . Love the sensor technology that is built in to this unit , very happy with this purchase .
 This is a great microwave for the money . Bought it as a gift and parents love it . Gets the job done just great ,1200 watts , buttons for various tasks , nice size and needless to say , it 's a Sharp , best mic for the money ! Definately recommend as a really good value .
 The posting says 1.2 cu.ft . The box says 1.2 cu.ft . * -LRB- * Internal capacity is calculated by measuring the maximum width , depth and height . Actual capacity for holding food is less . -RRB- . I would call this a 1.0 cu.ft . From my measurements , the internal size is 14 `` w x14 1/2 `` d x8 1/2 `` h , do the math . The turntable is 12 5/8 '' -LRB- which agrees with the box -RRB- , still more then enough for a normal sized dinner plate.Only had for a few days so far , but the 1200w power is great . We were replacing another Sharp that we had for 15 + years . Hope this one holds up as well .
 The Sharp microwave arrived in perfect shape and worked as soon as we plugged it in . The 1200 watt unit replaced an older 700 watt unit and cooks the food in half the time . The carousel cooks the food more evenly and the controls are easy to use . I would recommend this unit to everyone .
 This has been an excellent product ! I like the sensor heat function and it heats everything evenly .
 I love using this microwave . It has several time-saving features and food comes out beautifully cooked . The only negative is that the door is light weight and sounds a bit tinny when you close it . For the price , this is a great product .
 Works great , very fast cooking , sleek , good looks . This was a replacement for a Panasonic microwave that exploded in our kitchen . Panasonic customer service was unhelpful and made us sign an agreement we would not sue them before they refunded our money . This Sharp is great . Panasonic reliability is not good .
 I bought this microwave to replace my old trusty Sharp Carousel that died after 20 + years of service . This new microwave does not appear to be built to the same quality as my old one ... but nonetheless works very well .1200 watts of power -LRB- 900 with my old one -RRB- cooks incredibly fast . The new Sensor cooking is quite impressive ... just throw some leftovers in the microwave , hit sensor cook , and the microwave does the rest . . no guessing how much time is required . All in all , I am happy with this product . . I do n't think it will last 20 years like my old Sharp did though ... lol
 I had a Sharp microwave for years that finally conked out . I wanted to replace it , and tried about 3 others before I settled on this one . The size is right -LRB- not too big -RRB- and the sensor -LRB- which I decided I had to have -RRB- seems to work fine . Was a little disconcerted by the front `` window '' - it 's plastic and seems flimsy . But works like a charm , so far .
 My family of four has lived with a microwave half this oven 's size with much less power and no buttons . How amazing to upgrade for so little money and have not only a much bigger and powerful oven , but also all of the features that make reheating and cooking a snap ! I wish I had upgraded a long time ago .
 I must have forgotten to rate this purchase . We have been using it for several years . It is GREAT ! It has great functions that are easy to use . It is easy to clean . Have n't had one problem with it ! Great price -LRB- in comparison to stores and other online sites -RRB- . Arrived quickly .
 Works very well . The 1200 watts makes this microwave oven fast in practically all functions . Sort of hard to program few applications .
 I bought one of these from Amazon over a month ago and I love it and can find no faults with it all.Every feature that I have used works well , the directions that came with it were ALL in English and easy to understand . From the first day I got it I have enjoyed using it and I use it several times a day.This is a very powerful microwave and has the sensor cooking function on it and like that too but may be a little too much power for leftovers and a few other things but that is not an issue with this microwave . Simply set the amount of time to reheat leftovers or frozen dinners and reduce the power level and start.I have n't bought a product in many years that I was 100 % satisfied with but this one I am and I got one heck of a bargain on it to boot from Amazon.This microwave was n't available in any of the stores in my area and could only be bought online and you pay shipping charges , taxes and wait a week or two for it to come in and the prices were about $ 170.00 all total.I paid Amazon $ 109.00 , got free shipping and had it the day after I placed the order . They must have a warehouse in the St. Louis area.If you are looking for a midsized microwave this is it .
 This dinner plate is well manufactured and of good quality . Tempered glassware from Corelle in general is a little lighter than expected and very thin , but still very solid . The print seems to be durable .
 $ 6 ? Maybe for this price it should be like this thin , but not as flat ;-RRB- -RRB-
 I did n't use them for hard veggies such as potato or turnip , so I ca n't say anything about it . But they are just perfect for garnishing melon , peach , mango or papaya . Comfortable rubberised grip , sharp edge . 5/5
 A plumber once told me to always use Delta products ... he was so right . Not only is this high quality , but if something happens you can buy replacement parts . This was easy to install after I realized that I needed an extension to fit the depth of the granite top . Am very pleased . Sometimes I find Delta a bit pricey but this is one of those things where `` you get what you pay for '' .
 My wife wanted two soap dispensers so we could have one with hand soap and one with dish soap . The finish on this one matched the faucet set we bought exactly and the style was just slightly different so it would be easy to remember which one was the hand vs dish soap . Very easy to install .
 I bought this as a replacement for a broken soap pump . It works great and was easy to install . Also , refilling is very easy .
 I purchased this soap dispenser as a second dispenser to augment the Delta faucet and accompanying soap dispenser we installed in our new kitchen . This dispenser was actually substantially better quality than the one that came with the combo set . I 'm thinking of replacing that one with another purchase through Amazon .
 She loves it , it secures to the edge of the pot as promised . A little expensive for what it is , but does what promised well
 I have been in love with these knifes since the day I first purchased them and for good reason . Each knife is well balanced and heavy . The Ergonomic , polypropylene handles feel good and well proportioned to my hand . The blades are sharp and have done a good job at staying sharp . * 5 inch - Santoku KnifeGreat chopping knife for mincing , slicing and cutting through bones like nothing . I use this as an all purpose knife . I 'm thinking about buying another because I love it so much . I have used the santoku knife to cut through raw chicken bone like it 's nothing . Even after a good deal of abuse , the blade of the santoku knife is a little chipped and worn but still does an amazing job of cutting . * 8-inch chef 's knifeI use it to cut through large heads of vegetables . It long enough to cut through a cabbage head easily and with little effort . Can slice a tomato easily without squishing it . * 5-inch serrated utilityGreat for cutting through bread and hard crust . * 4-inch paringGood for peeling carrots , skin of tomato and other small jobs * 2-3/4 - inch paring/boningGood for cutting meat and meat from bones . * Kitchen ShearsSo very useful . I use it from cutting open packages to even cutting up herbs .
 I gave them as a gift . They are beautiful knives and easy to sharpen . If cared for they will last forever !
 I got mine the other say . I tried to cancel my order but it was too late . I was going to get the -LRB- cheaper -RRB- older model before this one -LRB- Henckel Four Star -RRB- since one of the reviewers claims that they 're just about the same except for the fancy metal . I could n't tell the difference but this one looked more appealing and classic to me . And since I already have the 8 '' breadknife l accepted the order and l love the set . However , the wood block has a small chip right in front . I thought about returning it but it 's too much hassle and I wanted to use it right away . Overall the woodblock looked nice than I thought as it 's not a typical wood rather a bamboo wood block .
 the Henckels four star II set is a great set of knives . The blades are sharp , the ergonomics are great . And priced at $ 280 for an 8 piece set -LRB- 5 knives -RRB- they are sure to sell fast.All top knives are dish washer safe , but you dont want to put these in the dishwasher , hand wash and hand dry for best life.The block is good quality so the person complaining about the sticket on the block should probably think about being more logical in their comments .
 Knives look great , though they seem lighter than I recall . Have n't got the chance to cut anything with them though.Was a little let down by the `` Made in Malaysia '' sticker on the block , and the stickers on the knife handles -LRB- which were peeling off slightly -RRB- which is the main reason I gave four instead of five stars .
 This sumptuously beautiful rendering of the balcony scene from Shakespeare 's ROMEO AND JULIET is the most famous painting by Sir Francis Dicksee -LRB- 1853-1928 -RRB- , one of the finest of the late-nineteenth century `` inheritors '' of the Pre-Rapahaelite tradition in English art . The sight of Dicksee 's Romeo and Juliet , their lips in the act of meeting in a `` tender kiss , '' evokes the scene 's celebrated couplet `` Goodnight , goodnight ! Parting is such sweet sorrow/That I shall say goodnight till it be morrow . '' From the vantage-point of Juliet 's balcony one gets a wonderful glimpse of the roof-tops of Verona , bathed in dusky light . Dicksee 's Juliet is a lovely girl ; though her pallor and the position of her body , both of which suggest she is nearly fainting with pleasure , recall the female figures painted by the eighteenth century artist Henry Fuseli , in THE NIGHTMARE and other haunting works . The 16x20 print is of superb quality ; in a gilded frame it looks almost like an oil reproduction . For comparison , check out Edmund Blair Leighton 's nearly contemporaneous Romeo and Juliet picture , A STOLEN INTERVIEW . Showing another scene in the play , this picture was likely meant as an homage or a companion piece to Dicksee 's ROMEO AND JULIET , as it repeats a couple of its motifs , namely the swirled column and Romeo 's red cap .
 I love these little ramekins for mise en pois . Nothing really special here , but they 're the right size for the purpose .
 I just love these little bowls . They hold ingredients when I am making recipes . Just the right size for Ranch dip and carrots .
 Scissors have a comfortable , well-balanced feel . Good cutting action , with sliding and clicking sound of barber scissors . At least one of them could be used for cutting hair . I put each one of the five in my kitchen , desk drawers and other areas of my home . I am very pleased with the quality and value .
 Take it from a teacher who preps art all week long , these scissors are a must ! I cut construction paper , craft supplis , and fabric with ease when I use these scissors . I love the cheap price -LRB- for 5 ! -RRB- and the different sizes for different people or projects . They 're super comfy to hold and they 're actually decent-looking . I 've shelved my titanium scissors I bought and only use these for everything -LRB- even cutting hair -RRB- !
 I am always looking for a pair of scissors and never can seem to find any , these are sharp and do the job .
 I 'm a crafter and a sewer and I 've tried many scissors . This is an exceptional deal for very sharp scissors . If you do n't want to spend a fortune this is great ! And there are plenty so you can have them around the house without constantly having to search for scissors !
 This bunch of scissors are great , a different size and style for everything . They seem very well made for the price .
 Great scissors set especially for the money . Always losing scissors in the house so these are in one drawer . We are very pleased with this set .
 Excellent scissors . They are sharp , well constructed and the variety of the assortment was handy . We gave sets away to the kids teachers . They loved them .
 Ordered these to populate the various drawers around the house . They are reasonably sharp and are quite comfortable to use . Good value for the money .
 This set contains every size a household can possibly need . Great for little and big fingers .
 Great price for 5 pairs of scissors . I was lookiing to replace just one small one and this price was fantastic . The scissors are perfect for what we do - crafts , minor sewing & repairs , cutting paper , etc. .
 I needed multiple scissors for uses around the house -LRB- non-food kitchen related , home office , garage , bathroom , dog use -RRB- and I liked the price for this set and I went ahead and bought them based on the reviews . Amazon reviewers , thank you !
 I was really surprised at what I got for this low price . FIVE scissors of durable construction and convenient varied sizes . If only more products so fairly priced were of this quality ... . what a wonderful world it would be !
 I used to have some great scissors but my son gave them to his gf and she took them home , I do not get why he did that but love is strange.Anyway she Never brought them back probably noticing they were excellent scissors and wanted to keep them. : -LRB- I seached online for some to replace what I lost , and these were the best . I ordered them and found them to be the greatest scissors.I Love these new scissors which came with in different sizes and cut every thing . Not for cutting hair or metal . The grip is good and large enough for big hands . They are comfortable to hold.Best deal on scissors.I recommend these scissors to everyone .
 For the price and the amount of scissors you get this is a no brainer . The quality is exceptional and the grip is comfortable for most of the scissors . The one 's that fit my hands worst was the 2nd to smallest . The rest of them were fine , I have med-large hands .
 This scissor set is a true bargain . If you 're in the market for a set of household scissors , your search is over .
 The Hewitt Anniversary glasses proved to be of excellent quality and arrived well within the time allotted for shipment . All in all , a good product and company .
 The refilters work very well . I have bought generic filters in the past and they have not fit tight enough causing leaks to occur.These are the real McCoy and cover the hepa filter tight . Hope I can get another 2 years out of the hepfilter with replacing these prefilters every 6 months .
 Good filters . Very pleased with company and service . I liked that you can cut the filters to whatever size you need . This feature makes this product quite versatile .
 Not a popular product so I was very happy to find at the price offered . Have not installed yet -LRB- still have some life on my current one -RRB- but everything looks like an exact fit and of the same if not better quality than original .
 No frills on this product . It 's just the filters and the Velcro tabs . But that 's ok . After all , who needs a plastic bag and hang tag , anyway ? I just hope I remember what and where the second filter is - in three years when it 's time to change the filter again ...
 The filters were sent on time and fit my machine . You ca n't get too excited about filters but they did what they were intended to do .
 Airbed inflated with in minutes . Felt like a real bed and slept well . Good purchase would buy it again .
 We were very pleased wih the bed and it served the purpose extremely well .
 This is an excellent , easy to inflate bed - comfortable also - at a grear price . I highly recommend it .
 Item airs up quickly , is easy to setup and tear down , and works just as well as the aerobed . Very pleased with the product . Only draw back is that when inflating at times has a burning smell . Could just be the new pump though . I would reccommend to anyone looking for an airbed .
 I have a large room that serves as a guest room also . I do n't want to keep a bed up all the time . The bed I purchased went up so easy , the built in pump and remote control allowed me to sit on the couch and inflate it ! How lazy am I ? It was very comfortable for my guests and very easy to deflate and fold up . I just wish I would have ordered the King Size instead of Queen size .
 Since I could n't afford a new boxspring and mattress , I decided to try one of these airbeds instead of my old uncomfortable mattress . I 'm sleeping very comfortably and I am very happy with my purchase.This bed is not raised to the height of a regular bed , so I had to use plywood under it for support in my bed frame . People ca n't tell that it 's an airmattress when the bed is made . I love it!Wanda
 I purchased this product because I stay over friends houses quite often and wanted to make sure I had somewhere to sleep . I was amazed . My friends and I times it and the bed did take exactly 3 minutes to fully inflate . Even when I awoke in the morning the bed was still firm . This product is a keep and has a prices you ca n't beat .
 This arrived in great shape . Just took out of the box , plugged it in and pushed a button . Very comfortable , has a strong plastic smell at first , but then goes away . Of course like all air mattress deflats a little , but not while you are one it , it lasts the whole night . I really like it because of how well the sheets stay on , the middle of the mattress grips the sheets well and they do n't move or slip off . I really get a good night sleep and do n't wake up sore .
 Good companion , but air pressure somewhat restricted , so it 's on soft side , if you like firm.Otherwise price/convenience/quality ratio is excllent .
 Quick and easy to set up , just the same when breaking it down . Works great in tight spots and is comfortable .
 We used this bed over Christmas weekend -LRB- 2007 -RRB- this is the 3rd one I 've bought and the last , so far . It 's so easy to fill and deflate , we have 3 cats and no holes ! I love the height of it and everything about it . I did a lot of research on these beds and am happy I picked this one!Well , it only lasted just over a year & was n't even used much , so am disappointed . Started losing air slowly , then faster as time went by . I never could find any hole , there was n't any . It must have been something in a seam . I called the company , they said to put soapy water over it , easy for them to say , try doing that over a queen size bed with the material on top . We did try , never found anything.It 's too bad , now I 'll never buy another one , and I really liked it for sleeping in .
 I had heard so many unfortunate stories about inflatable mattresses that I ordered this with some trepidation . It turned out to be wonderful!A young woman slept on it for four nights and said it was just as comfy as could be . It did n't lose air as I expected it to . The only problem was that the bag to store it in ripped , but I repaired that ! It was a very worthwhile purchase , and a great value for the money !
 I need a firm mattress and this one fits the bill . It 's easy to inflate and gets pretty firm if you are n't worried about it blowing up as the tension increases . It wo n't so just keep inflating . It needs an adjustment maybe twice a week , but that 's not bad for this type of product .
 I have had the bed for a month now and I only had to blow it up the one time . The pump is always connected so you dont have to worry about having it on correctly . It blew up fast no more than 5 mins . I love it and glad I bought it , I wish I could put it up on a real bed frame .
 I had never purchased an inflatable bed before ; I bought two , not knowing much about what I should be focusing on . My son and his family were visiting from out of state ; I needed extra temporary beds . These were really nice ! The inflation/deflation was quick . The pack away and the small amount of space they take up is great .
 I love it , I have had several but they all laid on the floor , this is much better . Would purchase it again if necessary .
 Wonderful mattress and great price , very pleased . My son bought one after seeing mine.He had bought just a regular queensize for much more , he returned it and ordered one like mine .
 I got this to have somewhere better than the couch for company to sleep . It 's fulfilled that role admirably . It 's quickly to inflate , fits standard sheets , and it pretty darn comfortable . It does n't really get that firm , unfortunately , and it does tend to lose air overnight , although not catastrophically.There may be a a better air mattress out there , but this one will do the trick .
 I purchased this for my brother that recently started renting his first apartment . He says that this is really comfortable . No leaks !!
 Easy to use , sturdy , confy as expected from an inflatable bed . I would recommend it for an adult or adult + kid , not so confortable for two adults .
 This is a great product . I love this bed . I get a wonderful nights sleep in it .
 I was very plased with this inflatable bed . It was easy to inflate anddeflate . The sheets I had on hand fit perfectly .
 We are so pleased by this product , we just orderd a second one . It 's been our primary bed for over a year.Here 's a tip on inflatable beds during the winter
 blow up bed was great ; it worked well for two people to sleep comfortably on . Shipping was fast ! Great sellers to deal with .
 This product works fine for guests staying over for one or two nights . However , the mattress tends to get a little smushy after one night of resting and needs to be re-inflated a bit before the following evening . When two people sleep on the mattress and one person gets up in the middle of the night it is rather startling for the other person left on the mattress , as the bed moves and air shifts when the other person gets up . Also bad for snuggling -- when two people lay on it , in order to have the most comfort , they must balance out both sides of the bed by each laying toward the edges . I would recommend this product for temporary use -LRB- one or two nights of sleeping -RRB- and think that it would perform better if only one person were sleeping on it . Also , the bed is not a queen size . It 's a double . The sheets for my double bed fit it perfectly .
 I was very pleased with the mattress . It easily inflates and deflates as promised in no time at all . Very comfortable to sleep on . Easy to adjust to comfort . When I use the mattress I like it firm , when my sister uses the mattress she likes it less firm . Eaither way is easy to do and we are both pleased . Couldnt be happier with the product . Would reccomend to anyone for an extra bed for guests , to take camping ... whatever !!!
 We ordered this mattress for our guests to use when staying with us . After everyone raving about how comfortable it was , we finally had to try it out ourselves . It was indeed very nice ... we 're considering using it as our primary matress from now on.I 've also been very pleased with how easy it is to set up and tear down . It literally takes no time whatsoever to inflate , and it folds up into roughly the size of a sleeping bag .
 i love this bed it is great for the price dont shy away because of the price it is far from cheaply made . it comes with a great remote and it infates even with a person laying on it . and it holds a ton a weight i had 3 people on it at once watching a movie and it held just great .
 This mattress blows up quickly and fits queen sized sheets which is very convenient . It also has a remote control which makes it very easy to adjust each night . It will fill up or let out air with a touch of a button on the remote . However , blown up to its max it is n't very firm . This is okay for those of us who like a soft bed but if you like a firmer mattress , this bed is not for you . We 've used it several times already for us and for company . It seems to have strong material and wo n't get holes easily . Plus it does n't have worthless pillows in it . There are no pillows at all . I hate the built in pillows like in other beds .
 So far I 've had a single person use it for two weeks , and a couple for nearly a week over the holidays . Did n't lose air , easily adjustable , fills in minutes . I especially like the way the two sections are joined closer to the center , allowing for a deep edge for bedlinens . No getting short sheeted in the middle of the night like all those double-high beds with just a little ridge around the edge.Quick delivery , excellent value .
 Wonderful mattress and great price , very pleased . My son bought one after seeing mine.He had bought just a regular queensize for much more , he returned it and ordered one like mine .
 Very , very convenient.I personally do n't think it 's especially comfortable but everyone else does .
 Arrived quickly , but am having trouble with a air leak , otherwise it ia a nice unit .
 We enjoyed getting are air bed in the mail . We needed it and it worked just great . Thanks for the great product
 We got the package and aparently this company reuses their plain brown boxes to save on handling costs . Unaware of this we thought we got the wrong item and never opened the box . . But wrote to Amazon and they got back to me almost with in 24 hours By calling me directly !!! We found the right item in the sencondary box . Thank you for a prompt reply ! We will be using this bed in a week . Thanks again for good service ! I will be back to order more from your company!Skip & Harry
 What more can you ask for in a poster ? Inspirational , decorative , motivative -LRB- not a real word -RRB- , and its ROCKY !!! Looking at the poster , I can just here `` The Eye of the Tiger '' song running through my head , and Rocky running up those steps with his dog . Notice that at the top of my poster , it says , `` His life was a million-to-one shot '' , which is n't advertised in the product here , but I think it adds flavor and panache to the poster . Take a good look at this poster , and tell me you do n't want to go for a run , play a game of basketball , or just knock someone in the face . Rocky !
 It 's Rocky , of course it gets 5 stars . May we all take on life with a little of his guts .
 It 's a poster . If you want a `` Rocky '' poster , then buy this . What do you really expect to read in a review about a poster ? Perhaps you might like tips on where to hang it ? I recommend a wall , but there are certainly other options like the ceiling , or the front or back of a door . You could cut it up and use it to cover books . You could make a mosaic with it . You could frame it or leave it the way it is . You could use it for paper mache . You could just leave it in the shipping tube with the hopes that it becomes more valuable some day . You could ask Sylvester Stallone if he would autograph it , but I do n't think he will since you would probably try to sell it on e-bay . All in all , it 's a great poster if you 're into posters or `` Rocky '' .
 Beautiful large poster with vibrant colors . Paper is sturdy . Looks great with a black frame . I used the red in the poster as a contrasting color in living room
 This poster is made with a very good quality paper , very strong . The colors are the same of good quality too , as soon as you get it you will show it on the walls with or without a frame because it is that good and that lovely !!! I 'm happy with my classic `` Chat Noir '' ...
 I was doing some decorating , and have always loved this print so I thought this was a perfect and inexpensive addition to the room . It arrived on time , carefully packaged , UNdamaged which was GREAT , it was affordable , color quality is good , I really ca n't complain . Finally framed it , and hung it yesterday -LRB- June 2012 -RRB- and it looks great ! I would buy from this seller again .
 Le Chat Noir -LRB- French for `` The Black Cat '' -RRB- was a 19th-century cabaret , meaning entertainment house , in the bohemian Montmartre district of Paris.a truly piece of art.great product .
 i found this print at at great price and it was shipped to my friend quickly .
 Nice sign , I put it on the back of my Rv . I would purchase again . The price was right .
 Upon shopping in retail stores , including major discount outlets , as well as on the internet , Amazon quickly delivered in very good pachaging an excellent product at a substantial cost savings .
 Very high powered , and nice looking . Found it was quite a bit cheaper on this site . We have had it for a few months now , and so far no problems . Often have to reduce recommended cooking time though -- especially on popcorn !
 My GE Profile microwave failed after only 4 years of use - I happily returned to a Sharp . I used one successfully for over 20 years.The operation of this unit is quite satisfactory ; however , I am extremely disappointed with the display light design . This is an over the range unit . The display is at the very top . With my being short and overhead lights being bright , I can not view the display without backing all the way across the room . I had a service rep replace the light thinking that they might be able to put a brighter one in - no such luck - I am just stuck with a what I have . The rep could n't read the display either . Wish Sharp would fix this design glitch with a brighter light . Would like a response from Sharp .
 THE MICROWAVE ARRIVED IN A BOX WITH A DENT . I WAS AWAY ON BUSINESS AND OPENED IT ABOUT A WEEK AFTER ARRIVAL . THE STYROFOAM WAS ALL BROKEN -- ALMOST AS IF IT HAD BEEN BROKEN ON A PREVIOUS DELIVERY AND SENT TO ME.THE MICROWAVE WAS BENT IN THE BACK BUT I STILL WAS ABLE TO MOUNT IT AND MAKE IT WORK.I SHOULD GET A CREDIT OF SOME SORT -- PLEASE CONTACT ME IF YOU CAN HELP .
 I love this because it is made entirely from wood , we had one with metal under it and it broke from a heavier friend sitting on it , so this one holds up nicely . My cons are this . To lay it down is really stiff and you have to have two people to do it . One person has to lift the front end to take it out of the locking position there and the second person has to struggle really hard to lift the back of it to get it to lay down . Perhaps the more often we do this , the easier it would be , but I know that it is really hard for me to do . Also the mattress that comes with it is not wide enough . You have a rather large gap on each side of the frame that is not a good idea if small children are sitting on it . I had to stuff pillows down the sides which diminishes the appearance of the futon . Plus it 's not very comfortable . It 's ok to sit on , not much cushioning , but ok , but when you lay down , you know you 're laying on a futon mattress . We even added a piece of memory foam under the cover but it does n't help much , you can still feel the wood bars , but they are not as uncomfortable as the metal ones for sure . They should give you the option of upgrading to a thicker pad , but for the money you ca n't go wrong . There is no cover included , which I think they should at least give you a cheap cotton one to hold you over , so when you order this make sure to order a cover for it . Especially since the mattress is white ! This is a full size futon mattress , so when you 're looking for covers , make sure to order a full size .
 We have had this futon for a year and it is great . The wood is attractive and sturdy and the entire piece is well constructed . The cushion is comfortable but it has gotten smushed over time so is not as soft as it was at first . However , whether sitting or laying this futon is still MUCH more comfortable than any other I 've ever had to sleep on , especially those with metal bars . It is a great buy and was delivered to us amazingly quickly . This is a good product and we have been very satisfied with it .
 I love this futon . Very easy to assemble . The only downside is the mattress - it is made of very heavy cotton , and it is not keeping the shape . I would suggest buying futon without mattress and look for better mattress.FYI . It is not poplar , it is tulip tree . I was freaking out at first seeing greenish wood and was worried if I managed to get futon made of pressure treated wood , then I google it and it turned out that for tulip tree it is normal to have greenish wood . In time color disappearing . I actually liked this greenish lines.Oh , I did n't use it as bed , so I can not comment anyhow on this
 This futon is great ! I love it ... great quality , stronger than pine , sturdy and the price is awesome !
 I ordered this scraper as a Christmas present for my brother-in-law . It came here promptly after I ordered . Since it is a gift I ca n't really review the product .
 If you have n't discovered silicon baking mats , you are still working too hard to clean up from baking.We 've become addicted , since these work better than a non-stick cookie sheet for cookies like `` turtles '' which leak caramel.This product is a set of 2 small mats . I used one as a stocking stuffer for my sister , and we kept one . They are small enough to be used in some toaster ovens . We have multiple baking mats and we do n't know how we did so long without .
 KitchenAid Cook for the Cure Silicone Baking Mats , Pink , Set of 2I found this product to be very useful in baking and also in rolling out dough . It bakes evenly without having to grease the pan and it rolls out dough without sticking or using a lot of flour . It is an excellent product and I would recommend it to anyone who bakes . It also cleans easily .
 awesome , easy to throw in the dishwasher in the utensils rack . great for baking & easy wiping clean . great ! luv it !
 It 's not a Silpat but it does the job . I got one set for my 2nd oven which is tiny . I used this to bake cookies and they work just fine , the clean up is easy . They were a steal for $ 9.99 for the set of 2 , but for more serious baking I 'd probably get another Silpat as this is not very thick .
 I am surprised by other reviews - I have had no problems with my baking mats so far . They work as described and save me lots of time -- a lot less cleanup !
 After baking over 30 years , I too have moved to Wilton for their bread pans.Even though they are dishwasher safe , they rinse out in the sink in an instant , so I see no need to stress them through a dishwasher cycle.The pans also have holes punched into both ends , if you care to store them hanging up.Nothing even comes close to sticking , and I bake a lot of sweet breads with pearl sugar on top.Even cooking , beautiful finish , rolled edges , rigid , good build quality , and just an overall excellent value.I 'm back to buy another one .
 My treasured aluminum loaf pans are going into the recyclables . Mom 's Babka bread never looked so appetizing , tasted so good - the reason - the Wilton Loaf Pan.The bread baked quickly , browned -LRB- golden -RRB- beautifully and the pans were spanking clean after I removed the bread . I 'm ordering more to be ready for the next holiday when my family looks forward to another baking delight .
 After years of `` making do '' with inexpensive loaf pans , I have finally found a quality pan at a reasonable price . Breads cook evenly and slide right out of the pan when they are done . Wilton makes these pans in several sizes so there is one to fit almost any recipe . I highly recommend this Wilton product .
 I used these pans the day they came . They worked very well . Cleanup was a breeze ! Wish they could be made in USA . As far as the amazon order , they cam as promised well packaged . thanks
 Love , love , love these bread pans !! I bought 4 to replace some old ones I had and I loved them so much that I ordered 4 more ! When I bake my bread in them , after I cool it for a minute it just falls out of the pans . It never did that in my old pans ! These are truly non-stick ! I love Wilton products they are very good quality . These deserve extra stars !! They clean up extremely easy too . . no soaking needed .
 These Wilton pans are perfect for any baking need . I just use a bit of Pam spray on them before adding the food to the pan , and nothing sticks to it , nothing at all . Very easy clean up also . I love this size pan for banana bread and cranberry bread and things of that type that I make for gifts , and the loaves come out perfect every time . Highly recommend !!
 I have 3 of these and compared to the two other loaf pans I have they are awesome . I make homemade bread and the loaves just slide right out onto the cooling rack . -LRB- I still use a little bit of Pam , but my other two pans I kind of have to shake the bread out and sometimes burn my fingers if I 'm not careful . They were supposed to be professional pans-my mom bought them from me from some fancy store -RRB- These are great quality . I like that they have a little lip on the edge unlike my other ones . Makes it easier to take in and out of the oven .
 Have only used a few times for tea bread and meatloaf , but nothing as stuck to it and it is easy to clean . Wish I had bought 2 . Good price and good product .
 We use these at our cafe and they are great ; even heating , good depth , great size and price . Bread , meatloaf , and even recently a few seafood cannelloni , you can cook anything that you need to .
 I bought this pan at half price cheaper than Amazon from our local grocery store . I used it for baking my bread loaf . It worked great , it got heated very evenly . The bread came out just by flipping over the pan , so easy . Clean was so easy too , just rinsed it , nothing sticked on it . It 's very heavy built too , feel like good loaf pan , nice and thick .
 I have slowly replaced old baking pans with Wilton . This one is terrific for meatloaf and breakfast breads . The pan bakes evenly and washes up quickly and easily . There is no unusual odor from inferior metal -LRB- s -RRB- that some pans have . Wilton is just terrific in every way . Fair price for years and years of use . Two thumbs up !
 I have used these for baking before and I like these pans a lot.Things do n't stick to them I do use a light spray on them before baking .
 These pans are outstanding . Nothing sticks in them and they cook evenly . Great quality at a great price . I would buy these without hesitation .
 I also have the larger Wilton loaf pan ; both are heavy gauge steel and loaves of bread just fall out .
 This loaf pan is lightweight , perfect size to do a banana bread for example , non stick pan and the baking was homogeneous so ... I still have my baking pans that I bough in France or Germany -LRB- not cheap at all -RRB- but I keep them for some special purposes or occasions . I needed a correct loaf pan for an &#34; every day &#34; uses and this one do the trick , and I wo n't cry my pan if anyone scratch the bottom or ruined it with some experiment -LRB- you never know sometime -RRB-
 Whole wheat bread recipe makes a smaller loaf and a medium pan is perfect to make well shaped delicious loaves .
 I recently purchased the Zojirushi BB-HAC10 Home Bakery and this is the perfect size for the loaves that I prefer to bake in the oven rather than the machine.It is a heavy pan and totally non stick . I just wipe it out with a clean paper towel after use when baking bread.Great value with the Add-on price @ Amazon .
 Really a medium loaf pan , non stick indeed . I bought two of these and have used them several times in the past couple of months for my whole wheat bread . They are fantastic ! I just turn my loaf over once I bring it out of oven and voila ! the loaf neatly comes out of the pan without much ado ! Does not require cleaning per se as no crumbs are left in the pan . This is an excellent product !
 I have several pieces of Wilton and they use , clean and store like they should . No surprises which is exactly what I want in cookware . The non-stick holds up well if cared for . Very happy .
 These were exactly what I was looking for . I had been unable to find the MEDIUM sized NON STICK loaf pans in the store . I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THESE PANS .
 I purchased a Cuisinart 9x5 loaf pan that I LOVE -LRB- Cuisinart 9-Inch Chef 's Classic Nonstick Bakeware Loaf Pan -RRB- , but I also wanted a new smaller-sized loaf pan , and I was unable to find one in the Cuisinart brand . This Wilton looked promising , so I decided to give it a try . Although not quite as heavy as my Cuisinart loaf pans , the Wilton is still well-made and substantial . The side handles are nice , and I especially like how the size of the pan -LRB- e.g. , 8.5 x 4.5 x 2.5 in -RRB- is printed right on both handles , so no worries about ever having to measure the pan to be sure . Most importantly of all , everything I 've ever baked in this pan has slipped out easily without sticking . I do like my Cuisinart loaf pans a bit better , but still , I would give this Wilton product 4 1/2 stars and would definitely recommend it .
 I bought this for my son , and he says it works great ! He makes gnocchi -LRB- sp ? -RRB- with it .
 Once I figured out how to assemble the product -LRB- hint
 I have been using this device for some time now and discovered it to be a very useful product . The device appears to be well made . It registered UV rays from low to very high . It rates how long it will take to give you sunburn depending on your skin type and what power of sunblock you put on to protect yourself.It helped with skin protection from the sun and its harmful UV rays which can cause premature aging , winkled skin and cancer . Sad but healthy golden tan do n't help you in the long run . I supposed this device would be helpful toward people with pale milky skin then with those of darker complexion . But people of all colors suffered from sunburns and its painful consequences . It also helpful when you should reapplied your sunblock again . While not truely exact because sunblock wear off due to sweat and water , it will give a good estimate for you common sense to kick in.Overall , an useful device for those who are careful about their skin and aware of the harmful UV rays that can caused damage to it .
 I bought this because of my skin type -LRB- I do n't tan , I burn -RRB- and our vacation destination -LRB- Arizona -RRB- - the two were NOT compatible!I arrived un-burnt and , thanks to this clever little device , I LEFT un-burnt ! Works easily , and well . The printed instructions are decent enough.The strap is long enough to secure the device to your bag , or yourself.This is a great little anti-sunburn device . Thank you !
 I am a big solar watcher of the sun and uv . This device is right on the mark as I have a separate weather station with it 's own UV meter . This is great for when I am gardening in the yard . A person knows when that sun is really strong - but you really do n't know how bad it is until you press that button and hold it toward the sun . Today I registered , for the first time , a 13 . EXTREME . I did not go out to pick weeds because it 's not worth the risk for skin cancer . People are n't aware of how much they should be outside , in the pool , etc. on a sunny day . Everyone , especially someone with children who think they can swim for hours should get one and follow it 's recommendations for a safe time of exposure .
 This item is very useful for determining your burn time in the sun dependant on your skin type . It is relatively simple to set up for an individual user.Totally worthwhile if you are a person who works outside on a daily basis
 I bought this to calibrate relative Ultraviolet Screen printing paper exposure levels when using the sun outdoors and UV lights in the indoor exposure unit indoors . It works well enought for those things . I keep it in the car now and use it primarily as a thermometer.Pros : - I am pleased with the build quality
 The Oregon Scientific EB612 Personal UV Monitor with Exposure Timer does exactly what is should and is small with very little weight .
 I ordered this to do a school science project with my daughter , rating the strength of sun UV rays at different times of the day . It was easy to use and did exactly what I needed . I believe she got a A : -RRB-
 I have recently been exploring SUNGAZING and I wanted to be responsible regarding the care of my eyes . This monitor is exceedingly user friendly regarding UV readings with the added plus of giving an estimated time for being safe in the sun light . I also use the time function as I have recently dispensed with wearing a watch on my wrist . I 'm interested in temperature as well but only in a casual way . The monitor is a bit slow in terms of adjusting for the temperature , but this might be a good thing in that so many things seem to be moving so fast here in 2011 . My primary interest is in acquiring a quick -LRB- four seconds -RRB- read on UV light and this small unit fits the bill perfectly .
 I have been playing with it for a few days now and it 's just a fantastic little device . It measures about 3 `` x 1 3/4 '' x 3/4 '' and the shape sort of reminds me of an egg except it 's more flattened . Today was sort of overcast but my UV monitor let me now that the UV was 7 and I had approximately 19 minutes in that sun before I burned . The instructions to set it up initially are kinda hard , about the same difficulty as setting a digital watch , but after you enter your stats it 's really easy to operate . There is a total of four buttons located on the sides with a UV `` eye '' as well as a digital display on the front . The battery door will open with a quarter -LRB- it takes that battery that looks like a quarter too -RRB- and if you are having any problems with the programming there is a pin hole reset button in the back as well . The strap is substantial and I really like the stone tan and sunshine coloring . I have been testing how much UV I get in the car and through my sunglasses and I will probably continue to play with it everyday because I am vain and concerned about my sun exposure .
 Here 's a well made product that is easy to use . I bought it to measure UV rays . It provides UV indication from `` 0 '' to `` 25 '' ; corresponding levels of `` Low '' , `` Medium '' , `` High '' , `` Very High '' , `` Extremely High '' or `` Over Range '' are also displayed.The device can calculate a maximum exposure time based on skin type and SPF set by the user . Although this user is often wearing sun protective clothing I still find the device to be generally useful . Anyway , for the low price it ca n't hurt to own one.It 's interesting to toy with it when you first get it . For instance , in regards to UV rays , compare the difference between a clear day and a cloudy day . Also , check the difference through ordinary window glass -LRB- which is known to be a UV blocker -RRB- . For safety sake I like to keep the attached strap around my wrist when taking readings.There is no `` on-off '' button ; unit remains on . A 3V lithium battery , which I have n't had to change in a year and a half , is included.I notice that Amazon 's `` Product Description '' is exceptionally good regarding this product .
 This is a great product . I live on a lake and could fish all day but I am prone to sunburns . This helps me with that problem . I suggest this for anyone with fair skin that spends alot of time out doors . Great product !
 The poster colors are even better in person , think pink is a little more muted . It is a great size , just what I wanted for my daughters nursery .
 I bought this item because I was sick of buying disposible bakeware . I love Cuisinart 's Cookware , so why not . I LOVE IT!The first thing I made was brownies . Sprayed the pan and in the oven it went . The brownies came out perfect . Where they usually get too well done around the edges , that did not happen . There were no underdone spots either.The clean up was fast . I also purchased the pie pan and the 9 '' oval pan . I am very happy with this purchase and will buy more pieces .
 This baking dish is a very high quality . While it is not a large baking dish it is perfect for a batch of brownies or 4 very large chicken breasts or a great summer squash casserole.I made a batch of brownies in this dish and they turned out much better than if I had made them in my other baking pans . So beautifully crispy on top and moist and chewey on the inside.This pan cleans beautifully and stays as new looking as the day I bought it . It is the first pan I reach for when I want to make a quick baked dish.Buy this you will be happy with the quality .
 This dish is awesome . I use it to make cornbread , small casseroles , and it is the perfect brownie dish . It is so easy to clean and the food always comes out perfect . I highly recommend it !
 After having expensive sheets that pilled and were just generally of a poor quality -LRB- Nautica brand , even ! -RRB- I decided to go for these . I actually bought the 200TC , not the 300TC , in Khaki . I washed them before putting them on the bed just as the instructions said -LRB- warm -RRB- , with fabric softener . They washed nicely , and dried VERY quickly -LRB- less than 30 minutes -RRB- ! Bonus points there!I did notice the seams pull ever so slightly , but I have a thicker than normal mattress and had to pull on them a bit so they 'd fit . Just use sheet straps to keep the fitted place in place!In comparison to the `` expensive '' sheets , these are AMAZING . They did not pill after the first wash and they do n't `` move '' like my old sheets did . I live in a humid climate and normally my sheets will pick up the extra moisture - but these do n't ! Love them and definitely want to buy another set in a different color !
 These sheets are wonderful . They are so soft !! Be careful when you wash them , though . I got the burgundy and have washed them twice and they are still bleeding onto other things .
 I was just shopping for some guest room sheets and found the Martex 300-Thread-Count Sheets . When I opened the box , we were shocked by the vivid , rich colors and quality of the sheets . The people I work with were mad I had n't told them about the deal . Well , so far we 've bought 12 sets
 These are very nice sheets and a fantastic value . They are smooth and soft . I have n't had them long enough to comment on their durability but overall they appear to be high quality . If they would throw in a set of pillow cases , then this would make a fantastic gift .
 These sheets are the nicest ones I have ever owned . I love how soft they are and they fit my mattress well . My king size mattress is only 11 inches deep , so the sheets are a little baggy , but they stay on very well , with no corner slippage . You will NOT be sorry if you buy these sheets ! I bought the yellow and the silver blue and wish I could buy more ! Also , these were shipped on the 18th and I received them on the 20th , with the free super saver shipping option . Awesome !
 This sheet is a pleasure to put on my bed . I like the feel of it -- so soft and comfortable . The color is also very becoming .
 Soft and very washable , no bleeding or fading - definitely color fast . A worthwhile product and highly recommended . Will certainly purchase these kinds of sheets again .
 These sheets are very nice . I have gotten alot of them and given them as gifts .
 I purchased these sheets in almost all of the available colors because of the fantastic price . I received them in a timely manner by the super saver shipping , which made this an even better deal ! The sheets washed very well & are soft & luxurious . The deep pockets keep them from slipping off the mattress , which is wonderful . All in all , these are great sheets at a great price , highly recommended !
 The sheets are soft . Very big too ... a bit big for my Reg . King size bed . I suppose it is good so it wo n't be too tight where it would keep on coming off the mattress ?? Though , a bid too big where too much slacks ... . Good is ... it is very confortable & soft :-RRB- Was a good deal when I purchased it !
 The sheets fit my extra deep bed and they are a nice quality . I would buy them again .
 This product is very realistic but the only negative is that the plastic that it 's made out of really smell , even after cleaning it with soap/water , the smell didnt ' go away . I would put again though as it is a nice product .
 I make faux cupcakes for cupcake displays and used these as part of the cupcake decoration/topping . They are a little heavy to be held up by faux frosting , so I cut them in half and stuck the cut part bottom down in the frosting so it would n't show . It looked awesome !
 Love how these lemon slices look so real . I have had alot of people ask me where I purchased something that looks so real .
 this fake fruit worked out for what we needed it for , We wanted it for our POW/MIA table , Its very hard to keep fresh lemon slices on the plate . This gave us the opportunity to keep the lemon slice displayed and the meaning of what it stands for , always looking fresh . We have recommend it to other 's who are doing the same table .
 The product was exactly what I 've been looking for . Color was right and the size perfect . Used to put on MIA/POW table at The American Legion in Bedford , IN .
 Soft and cool . These are the summer sheets we use on our bed and we have had them for two years now ... and surprisingly they are still in good condition .
 They hold up very well on my cakes-they are strong and I can used them over and over because I can wash them the sanitize them .
 These are exactly as advertised and perform just fine . No surprises , which is always nice . Would purchase again if needed .
 The futon cover is perfect . It fit beautifully ; the color is great ; very soft ; and well constructed . I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a new cover for their futon . Also the company stood behind their product . The cover did n't come when expected . I e-mailed the company and they got right back to me explaining it had to come from the factory and therefore would be a week later than expected . I was very impressed . Elisabeth
 I purchased this cover due to having several big energetic dogs . The cover is one of the thickest and best made I have found so far -LRB- within my price range -RRB- , as well as being soft to the touch . The color is a pretty olive . It laundered nicely . It is roomy enough that even with my 8 inch thick mattress wrapped in plastic and a mattress cover , it was easy to put on.I would recommend it .
 This is a great futon cover , the color is a very pretty leaf green , different than pictured , -LRB- seems it always is :--RRB- so lighter than what 's pictured . The fabric is very soft , like a velour , and it was easy to put on with a nice big brass colored zipper .
 This is a great product ! Not only did it ship quickly , but it was very easy to put on over the futon mattress . It has the three zippers , so it took me about 2 minutes to cover the futon . It is very comfortable , and it soft enough to sleep on . Glad I bought it !
 We 've had this about 8 months . It 's a soft texture -LRB- micro-suede like -RRB- . The color is a light sage , which we may regret should anything dark spill on it . It certainly looks nicer than the cover the futon comes with !
 This product is very realistic but the only negative is that the plastic that it 's made out of really smell , even after cleaning it with soap/water , the smell didnt ' go away . I would put again though as it is a nice product .
 These were purchased as a gag gift and are suprisingly realistic looking ! They are made of a soft plastic that has some give to it , and the texture of the &#34; pulp &#34; is noticeably different than that of the &#34; peel &#34; . My only complaint is the price , which I feel is a bit high for this type of item .
 My wife is into changing themes throughout the house . Well I purchased these slices , and we had company one evening and one of the guests actually put one of the slices in his drink thinking it was real . .
 Exactly what I wanted at a great price . Quick delivery also .
 This bakeware cooks well , cleans up easily -LRB- even with baked on pumpkin -RRB- and is well balanced with great handles . The handles proved ergonomic and exceedingly functional.Even loaded and heavy with foodstuffs these handles allow an easy transition from counter to oven and out again . You do not have to balance this bakeware with support under the hot container -- these handles allow suffient gripping surface to transition even the heaviest of foodstuffs.Cleanup is easier than with most other bakeware . Hot soapy water and/or soaking in hot soapy water for 3-5 minutes , and a wipe out with a wet paper towel results in a pristine bakeware with no residues . No scrubing necessary . I would rate this exceptionally easy to clean.This bakeware also cooks evenly . Highly recommend this line of cookware
 I have the 8 inch and the 12 inch of the very same skillet . I am so pleased with them , I decided to complete the set and get the 10 inch . Great for all uses ... especially eggs ... no sticking at all . Super easy clean-up . Quality product and not a bad price . Makes cooking fun !
 This was a replacement pan , I originally purchased the whole Rachael Ray set , this particular pan got the most use and my younger son used it so often and not correctly that I had to get a replacement . He always had the heat to high and would cut meat in the pan and scratch the bottom ! I finally just had to toss it and get another one . Make sure to use your pan correctly and it will last a long , long time .
 This is the nicest fry pan I 've ever had . Cooks great and does n't stick . Cleans up with ease . Highly recommend .
 This is a replacement skillet for a similar skillet I purchased . It is just the right size for breakfast and one we use a lot . Easy to clean and lightweight enough for my wife to use as well .
 I bought this to replace a basic Calphalon 10 '' non-stick pan . The first thing I noticed was that even though this is also a 10 '' , the sloping sides of the Rachael Ray meant there is much less flat area at the bottom . Whereas I used to be able to fit three pieces of French toast at a time , now I can really only do two . : - -LRB- As mentioned by another reviewer , this is primarily a breakfast pan . Great for eggs , pancakes , browning sausages , etc. but not heavy enough to sear steaks . I find the non-stick both slippery and durable . Hand washing is a snap , except that scrambled eggs get stuck onto the two exposed metal rivets , so I usually use a nylon brush.I associate anodized with heavy cookware , but this pan is really quite light . Only the exterior is anodized , and to me there is no real benefit except that it sounds good and hides burnt oil stains better . I suppose you could also scrub that part to your heart 's content with Ajax and Scotch Brite without any concern of damage.The price has come down since the 2010 holiday season when even amazon.com was selling it at list price , so that 's great value for a pan that is well made and just does what it 's supposed to . I liked this pan so much that I bought the 8 '' version too , and I have no regrets after 8 months.One important thing to note
 This is everything I was wanting in a skillet . Nonstick small enough to fit the eye of my stove . Light enough for me to carry . Handle is convenient and seems to fit my hand . So far nothing I have cooked with sticks to this pan . I like it because my other lid from another pan fits it . I am thinking about buying the bigger size now because this skillet performs so well .
 This has been an excellent pan . Durable , easy to clean and a good size for many different types of meals .
 I bought three of these different size pans , and they all cook wonderfully , and clean up very easily . handle stays cool.I love these pans
 I bought this pan about 5-6 months ago . I decided to wait and allow myself to use it alot before I reviewed it . I am definately satisfied with it . It truly is a wonderful NONSTICK pan ! Its a breeze to clean , no scrubbing ! It cooks beautifully too ! I love this pan , i only bought one because i didnt want to buy the whole set if I wasnt going to be happy with it , but now im surely going to add to it and make it a collection ! The only con i might have about it , is that its a little heavy , but thats what a quality pan would feel like right : -RRB-
 The Rachael Ray skillet comes with a wrapper that contains way too much information on how to use it . One of the words of wisdom says `` do not use oils -LRB- except for the one or two they recommend -RRB- since their build up will only reduce the skillets performance . So , I did not use my Pam and discovered that my eggs STUCK to the pan regardless of how low or high I had the burner set . Finally I used my Pam and the skillet worked exactly the way I had hoped . So , do n't read the jacket with all its instructions and use this pan the way you normally would and it 's GREAT .
 This pan is a great addition to the cookware set . This pan is all-purpose and I use it every day for so many different dishes . Its not too big , and not too small and clean up is a breeze . Lightweight , sturdy , and a quality product .
 I have the 12 , 10 & 8 inch skillets as well as the oval saucepan and love them all ! They clean so well , makes me want to cook ! I would recommend these pans to anyone .
 I just absolutely love this skillet the only problem is I now wish I had purchased the 12 inch instead of the 10 inch .
 We 've only been using this pan for a month , but so far it lives up to its high ratings . It has made it a pleasure making omelets , and over-easy fried eggs .
 Nice pan that has performed very well . Very easy to clean . I would have preferred getting a pan that had a higher temp capability but no issues so far . Good price and quick delivery .
 Love this pan and the 12 '' size I purchased at the same time . Had n't looked at in stores , so I did n't totally know what to expect , but they are very nice ... Not too heavy and very easy to clean !
 This pan is a perfect size for many different tasks -- my favorite of which is making scrambled eggs . It 's nicely deep , so not great for things like bacon -LRB- I 'm on a breakfast kick ! -RRB- but it 's nice for stirring things and not having them fly overboard.My only real complaint is that the handle ca n't go under the broiler ... but the instructions that come with the pan say that , really , no nonstick pan should be put under the broiler , so maybe that 's a moot point.The main selling point , for me , is the price for the quality . I think the heft/weight of the pan is quite good and comparable to skillets by Calphalon or other more expensive brands . The thing is , nonstick is n't forever . If you want a stainless skillet w / a copper bottom you 'll have for 20 years , go expensive . For nonstick , do n't spend an arm & a leg , because eventually the coating wears off and you have to buy another.Rachael Ray pans are a nice addition to my otherwise quite expensive and `` fancy '' set of pots and pans , and I really like them a lot .
 Our school bookroom holds leveled reading text for reading instruction . Since the texts are paperbacks , thin and the same size , we needed a way to organize multiple copies of the various titles . The Mini-crates worked perfectly .
 Microwave and dishwasher safe the Artesian Road collection is all hand painted and each piece somewhat a work of art . They are on the delicate side however and tend to chip or break easily . Keep that in mind when purchasing .
 The platter is as nice looking as the picture on the web site . It would be nice if it were a tad bigger . I am happy with it .
 This platter is generous in size and fully functional . I got a great deal , and it was shipped faster than the projected day . I am happy with my purchase .
 What a wonderful knife . Inexpensive , yet great quality ! A very well built knife that holds a great edge . Will certainly buy more Forged Synergy knives .
 All the J.A.Henckels knives are great , but shop around and buy by the set if you can its much cheaper . Amazon is about the best price but compare sets , it can be confusing as to what your getting for the money . I bought mine at a Kohl 's store and the set was n't complete so I had to add these individually . For example the 6 or 8 pieces set has a couple of additional slots in the block for knives not included , hence I had to buy these on line at additonal cost . Just be careful . Oh and these knives are heavy , do n't drop or your toes may be in the way . LOL . We were n't used to quality and dropped a couple times , no harm but lucky toes and dogs were out of the way .
 Yesterday I received this knife , even before September 1st owned Henckel Classic had my doubts about this knife , because they were manufactured in China , but it was very good my surprise , noting that this knife in design is much more attractive and Ergon my classic and in quality is almost the same , really recommend it , no matter the country where a product is manufactured , it is important that Henckel these are done with their high quality standards .
 This is one of the best knufe 's I 've ever owned . It 's balance is perfect and it hold an edge longer than any other knife . I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good kitchen knife .
 It is well balanced , very sharp . I bought it for my wife for christmas & she is very happy with it
 I bought this Buddah statue based on a couple of other revues , especially the review that said the statue was bigger than he expected . Although I love the weight and feel of this statue and the detailed casting of it , I have to be honest and tell others that according to my precision steel ruler , my statue only measured just under 5 1/2 inches tall rather than the 8 inches advertised . Two and one half inches is a significant error in height but I still give this little guy 5 stars for being a beautiful piece of art , which is what I was expecting more than size . I just want others to know exactly what they are getting for their money.Sitting Buddha - Style 37910
 This statue was VERY well made and quite beautiful . The detail is excellent . I would have liked a better gift box but all in all this was a great choice !
 I bought this Buddha a month or two ago off of Amazon and I love it . It looks very detailed nice color and bigger then I thought . It also came with a card the explained a little about it . I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in this kind of stuff .
 Very nice item . Small , but heavy . Well made for the price . Nice quality red resin , color is fine.I 'm happy with the purchase of this Buddha .
 Our local card store quit selling Cherished Teddies . These are the brand named products , and are in great shape . Good selection .
 This made my life so much easier ! I do n't know how I would have lived w/o this movie ... I really do n't think I could have . Before this movie came into my life , I was a MESS ! It totally changed me - my viewpoint in life , my attitude , even the way I dressed . I WILL NEVER FORGET YOU , FESS !
 I needed film to use in an apartment that could be removed and also provide some way to block the heat of afternoon Texas heat . The film was easy to apply , stayed on window well ... just make sure you get out air bubbles and squegee all the way to the edges . It did reduce the sun/heat . Of course , you really can not see outside ... but if you do n't mind losing the view this is ok . I would have liked to have the film a bit wider meaning wish they offered in other sizes , but I was able to make this work by buying several of themI would get films from this company again .
 I bought this along with a baker from Emile Henry and Le Creuset . They are all very good . They heat and clean up easily . Emile Henry is the best , followed by Le Creuset and then the Cuisinart . Curious that Cuisinart and Le Creuset are both made in Thailand . if you have the bucks go for Emile Henry . The best bargain is the Cuisinart . Check the sizes on all the bakers and then fiqure on them being a bit smaller than you think .
 Item was perfect gift for my mother-in-law . She is an avid fisherman and Precious Moments collector.Its very fragile and not packaged .
 This pan cleans well , heats evenly , and makes a nice size lasagna for four -LRB- with a bit left over -RRB- . It is about 2.75 inches deep , with my only complaint that I wish it was deeper . Overall , a great buy
 I had a same model of microwave which worked for me about4to 5 years very good and that was the reason I ordered the same brand and model again . the new one so far has been very good too but the one way blocking door over the exhaust fan was noisy which I swapped it with the older one and fixed the problem overall is very good and I like it .
 This microwave is the best one I have ever owned . Great user interface and I love having more counterspace . It has served us well for years ! I definitely recommend it !
 Understanding the directions can have you feeling a bit nervous -- when will they stop writing it out and give us a computer cd of someone putting it together ! -- but it all went just as it was supposed to and what a good price !
 This is the second Sharp R-1405 , Over the Range Microwave I have owned . The first one lasted 8 years and gave me excellent service . So I was thrilled when I found the same model still being produced . I snatched it up and easily installed it because the same install hardware was required and 90 % of the mounting hardware was already installed in the wall above the stove . Not only that . . The price was about $ 200 or $ 300 less than comparable over the range microwaves . An excellent product that gets the job done !! ... I highly recommend it !
 I have been using this microwave for four years now without any issues . A nice deep oven with a really powerful fan . Good results every time I use it !
 Worked perfectly . There was some slight to the item and the seller was perfectly willing to exchange it . As it turned out the damage -LRB- dent -RRB- was against a wall and would not show so , we kept it .
 This item works great , was pretty easy to install and matches our kitchen . Exactly what it says in the description , arrived on time . We have no complaints whatsoever with this item . I would definitely recommend it !
 The Microwave works beautifully . The installation instructions left something to be desired , but we figured it out .
 So far it works well and I like the numerous features . I do n't think the mounting plate was real stable ; the microwave wobbles a bit , but I do n't think it is unsafe . We added an extra bolt at the top for more stability .
 I bought this microwave to replace my previous Sharp R-1449 . This one is deeper , more plastic , and slightly more powerful . It seems reliable -LRB- only have had it 6 weeks -RRB- , has a good vent and good stove lights . I wish it had a night light and a switch to stop turntable rotation though one can get around it by removing the turntable . My biggest disappointment was that it utilizes a different mounting plate than my previous Sharp microwave.I gave it four stars b/c it does the job and it was inexpensive compared to other manufacturers . Incidentally , mounting instructions were very good .
 For the price I do n't think you can beat this Sharp microwave . I just wanted a basic microwave that did the job . I was replacing a countertop micro that was rated at 1200 watts and I was concerned that the rated 950 watts of the Sharp would be inadequate . My fears were groundless as the Sharp functions every bit as fast the older one . I like the sleek appearance without a protruding door handle . They recommend two people to mount this oven , however since I did n't have help available I was able to easily mount it myself with a little thought . If I were to rate it down for anything it would be that the mounting instructions are confusing in a couple of areas , mainly in the venting info . All-in-all a good buy .
 DOES N'T HAVE ALL THE BELLS AND WHISTLES AS MY LAST SHARP OVER-THE-RANGE MICROWAVE , BUT IT WORKS FOR ME . TURNTABLE HAS NO ON/OFF BUTTON , SO IT IS ALWAYS ON , INSIDE IS A LITTLE SMALLER WIDTH-WISE , BUT STILL FITS 13X9X2 PAN OK . PAID $ 169 , FREE SHIPPING AND NO TAX . GREAT DEAL .
 Excellent unit and easy installation , do need 2 people however on the final placement . With low price and free shipping -LRB- on doorstep in three days -RRB- , you ca n't go wrong with this unit , looks great , performs great , its as much microwave oven as anyone should ever need . We are completely satisfied with this unit .
 this was a great buy !! I read the other reviews and they are right on the money . Easy to put up but it goes easer with two people but one can do it and everything you need is their and it works great .
 Purchased the microwave 3 months ago - no problems , so far . Microwave is easy to install - it 's heavy , though , so you 'll need 2 people for the install . One thing it did not come standard with that most over-the-range units do is the filter for recirculating air . -LRB- If your home is not vented for the over the range microwave , you will need this filter . -RRB- You can buy it for $ 6 from Sharp on-line . The keypad is not as `` pretty '' as some of the other more expensive units , but that 's something I could look past for the $ 200 in savings . Other than that , no complaints with the microwave . This unit was an excellent price , and has out preformed my last microwave . I would recommend it !
 I have had this microwave three years . The only problem I ever have with it is that the door sticks sometimes . I just have to tug on it every once in a while . The oven works consistently and does everything it should . The defrost stops intermittently to tell you to turn things over or separate them or whatever . That is sometimes helpful and sometimes not -- If I have just one chicken breast in there to defrost I have to hit the button to resume defrost about three or four times . I do respond by turning the chicken over one of those times . I defintely recommend the microwave .
 The install was easy for one person , it would have been easier for two people , but if you are handy and able to put other things together , this should be no problem.The light under the microwave is a great plus , we use it as much as the microwave when we are cooking on the stove.The only issue we have with this is the fan . It happens to be pretty loud . We are not sure if this has to do with the fact that we have it on re-circulation mode as opposed to external exhuast , but that is the one thing we would change.Other than that we are very happy with it!We use the defrost option almost every night for meat and it is great-Also pluses for two different popcorn options depending on the size you are cooking !
 I just finished installing and using this and it 's a decent microwave for the money . It 's construction is pretty flimsy though , -LRB- very thin metal -RRB- , and mine came pre-dented right out of the box with a minor dent in the left side with some minor scratches.The touch pad was also very loose and I had to use a thin washer behind it as a wedge to tighten it up.Like I said , it 's decent for the price and Amazon 's free shipping made it an even better deal.I hope it lasts longer than the last two Sear 's `` Galaxy '' models that I bought . The first one went south in the first three weeks and the replacement did n't even last two years .
 I bought this for parents to replace very old GE Microwave . They are very happy with it and like the simple function buttons . Installation instructions could be a bit better especially when installing for top-venting configuration . When rotating the blower motor for top-venting , be sure that the power cable is positioned away from the top panel or you risk putting a screw through it when the panel is reinstalled . A warning message to position the power cable correctly and more accurate drawings showing the holes in the housing and panels should be provided . In use , the unit operates well and quietly and is a good value .
 We love this new appliance . Just a few days before Thanksgiving our old one died . I purchased a new one locally and after installation realized the door hinges are placed where we could not open the door more than a few inches . Returned that one and went online and found this one at almost $ 100.00 less than what my local dealer could get it for me . He agreed that I should order thru Amazon and not only did I receive it in less than a week , it fit , looks great and works perfectly !
 I bought this on Amazon to replace a Sharp microwave , which has served me well for several years . Based on the price , compared to other with similar features , this unit is the least expensive . I was also impressed with the comprehensive directions for installation . I am closer to being Tim -LRB- the toolman -RRB- Taylor than a professional at home improvements , so I followed the instructions with precision . The results were outstanding . Not only does it look GREAT where my old stove hood used to be , it passed my `` popcorn '' test , of which , I am particular . No scotching , full bag , satisfying and an extra plus , while I am beaming over my accomplishment , the beep sounds indicating the popcorn was finished , the display read `` Enjoy '' . Am I ever ! I have in my `` digital locker '' , courtesy of Amazon , my own . pdf manual . What a great investment in money for the microwave and the time for installation of the unit.Solidly built , looks great , came with lightbulbs for range light INSTALLED ! No cons , but could have used some help with installing , as the manual recommends 2 people install , but I did manage nicely by myself . I would suggest an additional set of hands for final insertion , once preparations are complete . I have only owned this for a day , but , I wanted to tell my tale to give others an incentive , if they are on the edge , to jump at this opprotunity to snazz up the kitchen in a big way and for little out of pocket.Panasonic wants like $ 300 for a comparable unit . I am pleased to pay 1/2 as much and get a quality unit such as this . You can even get this for $ 25 off before January 31st , free shipping -LRB- this dude is HEAVY ! -RRB- and no tax , do the math , it is a steal !
 This microwave was a replacement for a different brand . But for $ 169 -LRB- and I found an online coupon to boot -RRB- it was worth every cent spent . Granted , it does n't have all the bells and whistles my old microwave had , but what do we generally use a microwave for ... reheating , defrosting and popcorn ... so why spend the extra cash?Installation was not quite so easy as others indicated as I was replacing a different brand , which meant drilling new holes in cabinet , and installing a new bracket behind the microwave , but still , for the money saved , well worth the effort . It does not come with a charcoal filter so be prepared to buy one separately if you are going ventless -LRB- do it at the time of purchase if you can find it on Amazon so you can save the shipping cost -RRB- . The rating I gave is due to the lack of features ... basic microwave with few `` extras '' , but the price made it 4 stars !
 Much better price then most of the name brand models -LRB- approx . $ 300 -RRB- . Probably better quality the the cheap generic ones -LRB- goldstar , ropper etc. -RRB- Mine arrived not working , so i called technical support to see if there was a fuse or something that i could try . I was on hold quite a while so i took off one of the panels and saw that where the power cord attached to the circuit board was unplugged . So i reached in with a these very long forceps that i had and plugged it back in and it worked great.Misses ... The exhaust fan is VERY loud , with only one setting . Perhaps the other similar models are loud too , i can not say.The timer and clock use the same button for setting -LRB- just in a different order -RRB- so it 's really easy to accidentally set the clock . Ours never says the right time because of this.VERY HEAVY ! You definitely should get some help installing this . You also must have an upper cabinet or soffit to install too . Maybe all the others are heavy too , I do n't know for sure.My only other complaint is that it does n't come with the filter for the exhaust fan so you can use it without a vent . They could surely throw one of those in to sweeten the deal.Pluses ... Very powerful.Exhaust fan works great!Very good cook top light.Nice looking.Timer feature is good to have . I use it a lot.Definitely saves kitchen space.Better buy then any other name brand model and not much more expensive then the cheapo brands .
 I did quite a bit of research before purchasing this microwave -- what I was looking for was a dependable , nice-looking product that would n't break the bank . Since I use my microwave for the basics -- heating , defrosting , popcorn -- it was n't necessary to have complex capabilities . This Sharp was very reasonable , so I was somewhat skeptical until I read the reviews . This is a wonderful oven -- nice-looking and streamlined -LRB- no door handle sticking out -RRB- , very even cooking -LRB- more so than my last microwave which was significantly more expensive and different brand -RRB- , a good over-the-stove light -LRB- it 's a single light that is just as effective as the two I previously had -RRB- , large turntable , user-friendly features . At 950 watts , it cooks faster than my previous 1,000 watt oven . Additionally , the defrost feature actually defrosts meat and does n't cook it . If I HAD to criticize something , I would have liked it to have one rack in the center in addition to the turntable , as I microwave a lot of long glass dishes , but now I just remove the turntable and that works fine . It 's also wee bit noisier than my other oven . Those two things , however , do not prevent me from giving it a 5-star rating . This is a GREAT oven in many ways at a very REASONABLE price !
 great microwave at great price . i bought one from amazon.com last month for $ 199 . it arrived in one week . no shipping charge . looks great . works great . installed easily . -LRB- professionally installed for $ 65 . -RRB- nice clean lines . easy to operate . hit the button once for one minute . hit it again for each additional minute .
 I searched for an over-the-range microwave for several weeks & I had a very hard time finding one with the right features for under $ 300 . Until I stumbled across this little marvel ! Wow . It was relatively easy to install ... heavy ... so I recommend this be a team effort . It 's standard in size as far as outside dimensions go but very roomy inside and very powerful . I 'm thrilled with this purchase and so glad I waited until I found it , rather than settle for something more expensive .
 We needed to replace our old unit and were astounded at the prices for over-the-range models . This is just a microwave ! Then we found this one with the fan vent -LRB- which is sort of not great , but I do n't think any of them have great draw if you do n't vent them . -RRB- The power for cooking is great . The unit is relatively quiet . Plus it was easy to install . -LRB- We did it ourselves . -RRB- The only slight negative
 I 'm happy with the microwave so far -LRB- had it for 2 month -RRB- . The installation is very difficult for a single person but , as the saying goes , if you are having less of a problem then the men of Apollo 13 then you have no problem.The turntable is very useful , the dials are easy to understand and over all 950W are the power you 'll need . The fan is strong and has more suction then an intern in the White House . Overall I 'm happy .
 I have the rectangular version of this baker and it is great . I use it from brownies and cakes to meatloaf , anything . I honestly highly recommend it , it performes as well as my Le Creuset ceramic dish . And as for cleaning , you just soak it in soapy water and it comes out as new . It is not very large or deep baker , but the size really does come handy .
 Very helpful in getting salad greens dried off water without being damaged .
 I purchased a salad spinner from target that was great , but one day while cooking it got to close to the oven and started to melt , so of course I had to throw it away . I looked on the site for a new one . I really wanted to purchase a salad spinner that I saw on HGTV , but it was on back order so I found this one . It works very well and it was less than half the price of the one I wanted to purchase.I 'd recommend this product .
 Still works after many many harvests ! Easy to use and clean , highly recommend to all . Stands up to LOTS of use !
 A definate 10 ! If you 're looking for a salad spinner , this is THE ONE !!
 Using this product helps my lettuce last over a week or more ! The only drawback is it wo n't fit in the dishwasher so I have to wash by hand .
 I was very pleased with the product when I received it . With a little know-how lining up the lid to the bowl is no problem . The price wasgreat for the size spinner . A $ 60 spinner I am sure is nicer , but , I did not want to spend $ 60 .
 This is a great salad spinner , just be gentle and patient with the lid as it needs to line up properly for a good fit .
 This salad spinner looks quite good in person for the price , and it does work well , however it is rather difficult to get the lid to attach properly . I had read about this issue in other reviews before buying it and I do find it to be tempermental , however I 've always been able to get it to work .
 The salad spinner does what it 's supposed to do . No bells and whistles . For less than ten bucks -LRB- sometimes on sale for 7.99 , I think -RRB- it is well worth the price .
 Salad spinner works ! It is great for delicate greens and for hard vegetables like cabbage . Now I feel like I have really cleaned my salad greens .
 I love this product . It keeps my lettuce crisp for a long time . It is big , and takes up space in the refrigerator , but it is really nice .
 For the price -LRB- I only paid $ 5.99 but I noticed it is now $ 9.99 -RRB- , this thing works great . The only complaint I have is the same one some other reviewers have had - the fact that the lid does n't fit all that well . It tends to pop off if you do n't hold it down . . but it 's really not that bad because you have to hold on to the thing when your 're using it anyway . . so no biggie . Other than that , it really works . I 'd say the quality is fine for the price ... why pay $ 30 for something to spin water off of your lettuce ?
 We buy a lot of fresh veggies each week because they go bad so quickly . I got this for my husband and now when he washes the veggies on the weekend , he can dry them completely and they last longer .
 This product is great ! Its a breeze to clean , it cleans my vegis and keeps them crispy in the fridge until im ready to serve them ! Its very easy to use and operate , just put the Vegi 's in the basket , rinse with cold water . Place basket in water catching bowl , snap on top . spin spin spin Then squeeze bowl gently and top pops right off ! And thats it , clean yummy vegis ! : -RRB-
 Unlike the other reviewer , I did n't find any problems with the fit of my unit . It spins very well and I like the large comfortable handle . The size is also perfect without taking up too much room in the kitchen . The 6 clear rubber feet does a great job of keeping it in place on the countertop as you turn the handle . I find that if you pinch the outside of the opening in the cover , the top pops right off . I would n't use the handle to remove the top because that will eventually cause it or the gears inside to break . The price is better than the other brand of salad spinners with the push down spinner and the handles allows the contents to spin in either direction .
 I bought this salad spinner for my mother for Christmas and was dismayed to see that I was not the only one with this idea . A family friend also bought her a salad spinner by a more popular brand name.However , after trying both my mother decided that the Pinzon spinner was superior by leaps and bounds ! The bowl is large enough to wash a family-sized portion of lettuce and is made of a very sturdy plastic . The handle is easy to grip and spins any amount of lettuce easily . She had no problems removing or attatching the lid . -LRB- For the reviewers who had trouble with this , pinch the groove across from the handle and lift up ! -RRB- The basket was nicely sized and easy to clean.In short , this spinner was well-made and came out on top of our little spinner contest ! I would highly recommend this product .
 I have looked high and low for a spinner such as this . It works great for our small family and extra guests . No more wet , drippy salads . I highly recommend this for yourself or this would be a great bridal shower gift .
 Been wanting a spinner ... salads were too much of a pain . This works great , no hassle so far .
 This is a super item . I never dreamed of finding a lettuce spinner here on Amazon . But again I should have known better . This spinner is a bargain and easy to use and wash up after . Do n't be afraid to buy it . Get it on confidence knowing that it a very attractive item with rubber feet to hold onto the counter when you give that firm handle a spin or two . It does a very nice job after the rinse of the rabbit food and just as easy cleaning up the clear plastic bowel.Happy SpinningChekawa
 I bought two packs to keep track of songs that my band is doing . We have never had any problems getting the dry-erase markers to come off . If worse came to worse and we ever did , I suppose iso-propel/rubbing alcohol would take the writing off . We have dropped a number of songs so there have been many times that we had to erase what was originally on the magnets.Regardless , I felt they were good enough to come back and buy another pack . I hope this review is helpful to you .
 This knife is light weight but heavy enough to chop celery without leaving `` strings '' , halve a cabbage or butternut squash . I have other Henckels knives and have found they hold their sharpness longer than other brands I have and when needing sharpening , just a few swipes will restore the original sharpness . This knife fills the spot between paring and cleaver .
 This is one hell of knife for the price . As sharp as any Wusthof I own , perfectly weighed , nice and ergonomic . True , it is formed in China of German steel but at least use it before passing judgement , unlike a previous reviewer who graded the knife at 3 stars and had n't opened the box!For pretty much everyone , in combination with a whetstone this is the only chef 's knife you 'll need . Just do n't put it in the dishwasher !!
 After taking a knife skills class I purchased the Henckels Chef 's knife and paring knife . These are extremely sharp , so keep those fingers out of the way . I have been so happy with the quality of the knife I have since purchased other Henckel Synergy products .
 Great knives . Highest quality . I have a complete set and they are the best knives I have ever used .
 I love this knife ! It really has a quality feel to it and fits perfectly in my hand . It 's very substantial and feels like it should cost at least double . It even feels better than another Henckels knife I own that cost over 3 times what I paid for this one . It holds an edge very well and I 've owned it for over a year and I have not had the need to have it professionally sharpened yet . With regular honing the blade stays extremely sharp . I like the Synergy line so much I bought the serrated knife and the paring knife and these are the only knifes I have in my knife drawer ! I even bought one for my parents . Great knife for the price .
 I 've had this knife for years now . It 's held up to some great abuse -LRB- even through pounding on the edge to really smash garlic -RRB- . Knives are things you need to sharpen once in a while , especially when they are not serrated . That 's just a fact . It sharpens up nicely each time . This is my favorite knife of all ! This is a great deal for the money . Better than the Chicago Cutlery knives I used to have . I can see this knife lasting many years .
 The knife is sharp . It has good balance . I think that I would rather have a 10 inch blade , but I can deal with the 8 inch . I would buy this knife again . It even `` sings '' when I pull it out of the block . I get a charge of that everytime I use it .
 PRICE WAS RIGHT , ITEM ROCKS !!! IT 'S BEEN 2 YEARS & MY GF STILL USES THIS KNIFE . -LRB- SHE 'S A CHEF -RRB- THANKS AGAIN !!! YOUR ' E AWESOME !!! A + + + + +
 I got this knife for my mom and she likes it a lot ! I would have to say that it is a little cumbersome to work with , so I 'm not crazy about the design of the knife . I can still tell that it was made well and , for the price , it was an excellent deal !
 The Henckel name has always been one I 've trusted and this knife did n't disappoint . I love that they 've changed the style of it such that food does n't get trapped in between the handle and the blade . It is now all one piece . Fantastique !
 The handle is comfortable , it is very sharp and is &#34; weighty &#34; enough to feel substancial in the hand . This is a great knife , a great value .
 The knife is a great value for the price offered by the merchant . Only problem was with the shipping . Still do n't understand the delay , but will give merchant another try to see if it was a fluke . Would recommend this site and product to others .
 I never really got to see this item because i bought it as a gift for my Grandma and it was sent directly to her . However she loved it and that 's good enough for me .
 Great value . As another reviewer stated , this item does shed a lot initially . I recommend that emptying the lint trap in the dryer a few times during the first few laundering 's to prevent any fire hazards . This is a very tightly woven and warm blanket . The diamond pattern is very pretty .
 This is the second time I have ordered this blanket . It is warm and made well , and beautiful to boot ! I got the deep , rich dark blue and it is exactly what I wanted . I personally use these as chair covers for our huge LazyBoy chairs and they are terrific . Highly recommended .
 Nice , lightweight blanket for use in the summer . Well made and durable .
 My husband bought me this for a gift . I had been wanting it for a while . I am so glad he did it makes food last longer saves space in the fridge and my favorite part is I can marinade foods that would usally take over night in 30 minutes for the same great taste . You can still maranade them over night and your food will be so tender and juicy they will fall apart . This will save money and is such a time saver . 5 stars ***** I love my foodsaver it is everything they say it is only better !
 I am so happy that I can vaccum pack and freeze left overs . This prevents me from eating the same thing every meal until the leftovers are gone or eating it once more and trashing the rest . I get to keep a variety of leftovers in the freezer , so when I 'm the only one eating , I have a good choice . Works really great for those side dishes that you love , but hate to make frequently . My husband loves the canisters for coffee beans !
 This pan cleans well , heats evenly , and makes a nice size lasagna for four -LRB- with a bit left over -RRB- . It is about 2.75 inches deep , with my only complaint that I wish it was deeper . Overall , a great buy at 64 % off !
 This is a great gift for young girls , anytime and anywhere . It is a little bit tiny , but the design and quality are pretty fine .
 I see many negative reviews here , so I wanted to post a positive one . I work at a stage door on B'way and have no AC whatsoever once the door to the stage is closed . My friend has lent me her SPT cooling system and it makes all the difference in the world ! I have n't had any `` leaking problems '' -LRB- that other reviewers have reported . -RRB- It 's quiet -- which is essential so that the show is not disturbed . The 3 speed & `` swing '' function is great because it does n't blow directly on me the whole time . As long as I 've got ice in the bottom drawer , it stays pretty cool in here . I also appreciate the wheels on the bottom to make transferring and storing it easily . All in all , for what its worth , I could n't be happier !
 My boyfriend has this unit , and it performs so well that I ordered one for myself . It 's great in the master bedroom on the hotter/west side of this house . I have central A/C and overhead fans , but we 've had 33 straight days where the outside temperature has been at or over 100 degrees here in Texas , so I need all the supplemental cooling I can get . This evaporative air-cooler fits the bill . NO leaks ! I like the fact that the unit has casters so we can roll it into whatever room we 're in . Ice-water added to the reservoir helps the outgoing air feel a bit cooler , and the ionizer is an added plus . I would give it 5 stars , but the remote control seems rather cheaply made and the water-level indicator is difficult to see/read -- which might be why some folks have had problems with leakage . This unit is n't designed to cool your whole house , but it will sure make the room that it is in much more comfortable during the dog days of summer .
 The only thing I see that needs work is the water level window is hard to see . Other than that it is a very good buy for keeping the A/C from running all the time . It has cut my power bill by about $ 30 a month .
 It does what it needs it to do , ca n't complain . I put Ice cubes w / the water for cooler air .
 Puts out a lot of air -- sufficient to move leaves on ficus trees 20 feet away , for example . Back and forth movement of vanes is nice . Having rollers to move it around is a nice feature , too . Only slight negative so far is there is no way to drain the water tank from the bottom . I pailed and sponged it out when the weather turned cool .
 not supposed to need coolers in he mountains , but 2012 summer was a record beater for heat.Ran this all the time.Before I had this , my bedroom was = to outside temp when it gets over 85 . Now I can rest in coolness.I forgot how noisy Evap coolers can be , but had to suffer because of he excessive heat.It definitely worked for my small rental .
 This cooler worls better than a regular fan because it uses water to cooler the airIt is a good idea to be sitting right in front of it .
 I purchased this portable evaporative cooler for my son who lives in a small home , and does n't have central cooling . He is so happy with it ! He puts ice and water in the container , and it runs all day . He says it actually gets cold . I 'm glad I found it on Amazon !
 I was hesitant to purchase this because of the mixed reviews but I needed to find a solution to my home office that has a window that faces the sun . I live near Dallas so I was concerned about the humidity being too high here and I 've read that a cooler wont work with central air conditioning , but some reviews indicated differently . Without the unit , if I set my home 's thermostat to 76 , the office gets to 82 degrees consistently during the day . I have to run the entire house around 72 to get this room where I do n't sweat . Overall I 'm quite happy with the results . The temp in the room only drops around 3 degrees when I run it - I leave the central air set to 76 and I leave the door open to help the humidity leave the room . I can feel the humidity is higher in this room , but I 'm not sweating so I 'm pleased . Right now the temperatures in Texas are in the upper 90s so I hope this works as well when it 's over 100 outside.Note that I do have to sit in the breeze for maximum effect and this throws quite a bit of air & it is n't exactly quiet . Most fans are about as noisy though . Even on low , it throws out more air than I 'd like it to . It 's not so much air that my papers fly around , but it 's VERY noticeable . Also , one review stated that ice does n't make a difference - and that is inaccurate in my case . If I put 4 cups of ice in the unit , my ears get cold . And the rooms temperature drops 2 to 3 degrees if I 've been running on water alone . However , the ice melts really quickly . I may invest in some ice trays just to keep this room cooler.I think I 'm using about 4 cups of water when running it around 16 hours . This is not like sitting in front of an air conditioner - it 's a humid breeze and only adds a little coolness , not a dry cold air you get from an air conditioner . I would rather have a window unit in here , but this room faces the street so it is n't an option , so although far from perfect - this makes the day bearable . For reference , this room is about 15 x 15 foot .
 If you want to ask who is the greatest baseball player of all time then the case is closed because it is Babe Ruth for the simple reason that he meets the ideal established in Little League
 This is not a only a lovely teapot , it 's also functionally very sound . I bought this to replace a teapot that had a lid with no notch to keep it in place when you poured the tea . This pot has a notch on the lid that gives some protection against falling off and shattering . The handle is sturdily attached to the body as well . This teapot is truly a good value and receives my highest recommendation .
 Enjoyed this beautiful cake stand . Added to the cake very nicely . Bride and Groom were very pleased .
 I am a wedding cake designer and this stand is one of the most elegant ones I have ever put my cakes on ! My clients love it too !
 I purchased this wedding cake stand after searching everywhere for one . It is absolutely beautiful and makes for a lovely keepsake to pass down . The stand is very solid and had no problem holding the three layer 16 '' cake . I was hesitant at first because of the price but in hind sight I 'm glad I went with it . Well worth the cost .
 This pan cleans well , heats evenly , and makes a nice size lasagna for four -LRB- with a bit left over -RRB- . It is about 2.75 inches deep , with my only complaint that I wish it was deeper . Overall , a great buy
 J.A. Henckels International Forged Synergy 7-Piece Knife SetI have n't been one of those people who does a lot of cooking -LRB- let alone from scratch -RRB- . I have recently gotten very interested in cooking and finding out it is n't so difficult , just try it . Well , I have never had a decent set of knives , and I could n't afford the price of buying knives separately , so I took a chance on these . I did do a lot of research on the internet on the different types , -LRB- where did so many types of knives come from anyway -RRB- . I read every customer feedback I could on the ones that looked decent , priced midway , and one thing I learned was that knives should lay sideways in the knife block . The handles have a great grip and make it easy to do the small chopping . Anyway , I love my Henckles knives and would recommend them to everybody !!!
 Great knives . Highest quality . I have a complete set and they are the best knives I have ever used .
 This is a wonderful item ! Down comforters were always too warm for me , and this turned out to be perfect . I highly reccomend it .
 This blanket is great , high quality ~ well made feather down blanket . Of course there is the occassional feather but if you 've had a feather blanket its well worth it . It is warmer than I thought it would be since I was using it for my summer comforter , but personally I think that holds with the quality of the blanket . I still use it but can wait to snuggle under it in the winter time ! You wo n't regret buying this one . Well worth the cost . I love it !
 This is a beautiful , high-quality down blanket at a very good price . It 's light enough for a warm evening , and it 's warm on a chilly night . It remains to be seen how it will hold up to washing or dry cleaning , but I have every reason to expect it will be fine .
 This down comforter is awesome . It 's very light weight but yet still enough cover . I live in Florida and it 's perfect . The crisp cover and satin edging keep it cool to the touch even on the hottest evenings .
 This blanket is great . I also like the fact that it is washable -LRB- although I have n't had to wash it just yet -RRB- . It is a luxury worth the price .
 I use these hangers for my skirts and pants . I ca n't say much about hangers except that they 're durable and can clip a couple of items to one hanger . Would recommend this product .
 I have owned this skillet over a month and I would buy again if I needed another . This Oster 3001 is the best skillet I have ever owned . I have had many other brand name skillets and this one out shines them all . It has a very durable surface and the temp . control is right on . I like the over all design of this product . That being said ; buy it if you need a good skillet .
 We love this Skillet !!! My 11 year old gets to cook in this skillet , it is so easy to clean up , it is still in great shape ! We cook steaks , hamburgers , gravies chicken , you name it , we 've cooked it ! Awesome love it well worth the money !!
 apparently this product is not nearly as popular as it used to be - hard time finding one we liked - but this one is perfect and our `` deep dish slow cooker '' fits the pan and it is really fine .
 if you treat this skillet with a little love , you should not have the problem that several reviews told me -- the finish does not come off this one , but neither do I ever use metal of any kind for scraping , lifting , etc. .
 The lid on the first skillet we received was apparently warped ; very ill fitting.We just received the exchange skillet today and the fit of the lid appears to be acceptable . We have not used the exchange skillet yet and only used the first skillet twice . Our main complaint was with the lid not fitting well , so as we use the skillet , I 'm sure we will like it just fine.Customer Service was great.Sincerely , Mark Telfer
 All in all , this was a very good buy . We have had several electric skillets in the past and this one we decided would be smaller than the rest . It works just fine . In fact , my husband says the quick release pan control is one of the neatest things to come on the market . Has nothing but accolades for the person who came up with the idea .
 Pan is just what I needed -- great size and it really cleans up quickly -- no mess just rinse and whipe out -- heats up well and keeps the correct temperature -- would buy this pan again for a gift
 My wife is a fantastic cook , and she wears out cooking appliances on a regular basis . While this pan might be somewhat smaller than she likes , she has very quickly accepted it as a fine addition to all of her cooking utensils .
 When I buy these pans -LRB- usually when the teflon gets all scratched up -RRB- , I always buy the 12 inch . We do a lot of grilled cheese sandwiches and 11 '' is not big enough for 4 slices of bread -LRB- or sandwiches -RRB- at one time . I bought a cheap pan at Target . Turned out that the metal was thin and unless it was a dish you stirred nearly constantly , heating was very uneven and things like grilled cheese sandwiches / french toast were burned in one area and uncooked on the opposite corner . As there are only 2 of us , the bigger pans are too big if we are making a casserole type dish and they take up more room than a 12 inch . So this is just right size , and heavy enough that food cooks relatively evenly across the bottom .
 We have n't ever owned an electric frying pan as dependable and convenient as this 12 '' Oster . What a wonderful product from the see-thru glass top to the non-stick completely washable pan surface to the accuracy of the temperature guage , it is everything promised and MORE . Very impressed and pleased customer which is why we bought two of them .
 I purchased a larger electric frypan with a removable pan for serving and it was too big and the removable part was the part that was hot , even the handles . This frypan is the right size for us . It heats evenly , has stay cool handles , sits on the table nicely for serving . The only drawback is that the control fits under one of the handles which is a little awkward but I 'm getting used to it .
 This griddle makes the perfect eggs ! It heats up really fast and the non-stick surface is excellent!I wrote the above statement 3 years ago when I first bought it , it seems that the nonstick coating gets scratched , discolored and worn after 1.5 to 2 years of use . It was great for at least the first year we had it .
 We bought an Oster 3001 12-Inch Electric Frying Pan . Very even heating , fast to heat , best electric skillet we have ever owned .
 This replaced a old Kitchen Aid fry pan that bit the dust after 20 years . We opted for this product mainly for the see-thru lid and tilt function.We have used it several times since receiving it and are very pleased with it 's control . We find that for the hot desert where we live , you want to keep the number of kitchen appliances operating at a minimum , this product accomplishes that . We have used it for many things , hamburgers , breakfast , all parts , eggs , bacon , potatos etc. , it 's great for hash browns.One of the things that we noted in the previous reviews was the rather quick deterioration of the numbers for the heat control . To eliminate this problem we painted over the numbers with clear nail polish , it did n't harm the control and hopefully it will ensure continued readability of the numbers.We expect many years of use with this product and for the price it was a great purchase .
 We were looking for a replacement for our Sunbean electric frypan which we had for 28 years . This Oster is well made , immersible and heats evenly . -LRB- In fact it says Sunbeam on the bottom of the pan . -RRB- We 've had it only one month , but we 're very satisfied with it .
 This is our second Oster 12 inch Glass Lid Electric Skillet 3001 . The first one still works beautifully and we love it so much that we are ordering another . We use it for practically everything you can imagine cooking in a skillet . We poach salmon , fry bacon , make potroast etc. etc. etc. . We love the tip feature it is great for basting eggs , the glass lid so you can keep an eye on things , the even cooking throughout the pan , the max temperature gives you searing capability , you can wipe the pan clean between cooking individual items -LRB- for example , cook your bacon , remove , cook your potatotes , remove and wipe the pan with a paper towel then cook your eggs -RRB- , you can also cook burritoes to a golden brown by -LRB- thawing them and cooking them 15 mins on each side on high simmer -RRB- and both the simmer and warm are exactly what you get , all of this in one pan and for our family we will have 2 of these fabulous skillets . Thanks Oster-Catherine and family
 I 'm very satisfied with my purchase . I 've owned at least 4 electric skillets over several years and I am very satisfied with my Oster skillet . This is the first skillet I 've owned that had a glass lid which allows you to see the food with out lifting the lid . Its non-stick , very easy to clean and the temperature control is accurate .
 I love it . It does a great job on roasts . Like the vent in the lid that can be adjusted open or closed .
 I bought this because I just love electric skillets and I needed a new one after my skillet of 5 years bit the dust.It arrived yesterday and I washed it as per the directions and then proceeded to season it and at dinnertime , I cooked chicken breasts in it . It did a very good job , the lift feature is pretty cool , drains the grease away from the food . The quick release latch is a much needed improvement over some of my past skillets . It says it is a tempered glass lid but it got very hot and the plastic handle on top got very hot as well . Maybe it was first time use but it just seemed too hot for normal use.The small cookbook that came with it has some nice recipe ideas.Overall , a good product .
 I wanted a replacement , because the electric skillet I had was really heating unevenly . I read many reviews and settled on this one because of all the testimony for even heating . I was worried about the problem that everyone complained about with the numbers wearing off of the temperature select dial . I thought of a way to solve the problem . I bought a can of clear engine paint . It withstands high temperatures and is very inexpensive at Pep Boys . I covered the cord and insertion rod with foil so that the only thing that was exposed was the temperature control dial . I sprayed it with the clear engine paint out in the garage . So far , so good ! I have cooked with it and the numbers on the dial have not changed .
 I purchased the 12 '' Oster electric skillet to replace my 2 year old Villaware Electric Skillet.The Good -- The Oster cooks evenly , no non-heating spots , easy to clean . Large side handles keeps control from getting very greasy.The Bad -- The control unit is very hard to put in place and keep connected , my husband has to do it for me , and I 'm an able bodied woman .
 I have enjoyed using this skillet it came very well packaged .
 After shopping everywhere I could n't find this size anywhere . This one is perfect . I use my electric fry pan almost daily , not only for frying but baking and many other things so it has to perform well .
 I am glad that the pan is light weight . The heat distribution is excellent . I like the handles very much . Clean-up is quick and easy . The price is a good deal .
 I bought this to put in our RV . I might have to get another one to keep at our house ! I 've used it for about a week and I am very impressed so far .
 I bought this to use in our 5th Wheel Trailer -- have hardly used the stovetop since purchase . Pancakes , Grilled Garlic Bread , even Broccoli Cheese Soup turned out great . Sherry R.
 I love this electric frying pan ! I have used it almost daily since receiving it . It washes easily , cooks evenly and is perfect for two people !
 We love this because it 's so easy to use and easy to clean . The food actually slides off with minimal effort . We can use it to make just about anything , including a deep fat fryer , so we only need one appliance on the counter or stove .
 The pan heats evenly and the clear lid makes it easier to check on your dish without loosing heat . Easy clean up and a vent to make steam easierto contol . Would buy as a gift for anyone .
 I recently purchased this skillet at my local Kmart for $ 29.95 . I have used it a few times so far and it seems to perform very well . It seems to get hot very fast so cooking time is quicker than I 'm used to but I will adjust to this . I 'm happy with my purchase .
 Use this item for daily cooking , particularly during the summer , to reduce the heat in your kitchen . It is also good for cooking on the patio . The unit works very well .
 I actually ordered this product for my elderly next door neighbor . She wanted to use it for a gift . She was beside herself that you ca n't find these in stores anymore . She was so tickled that I made it look so easy on Amazon ! Thanks again .
 I thought I would put in my two cents , having this skillet for about three years . The good
 I buy items a lot of the time based on reviews by other customers . If most of the reviews are negative I , as I think most people do , will not purchase such items . When I do decide to buy a product I will read some of the good reviews but mostly look and the bad reviews to see what problems these customers had with the product , and weigh those with the good ones . I generally find that a lot of the negative reviews have flaws . Anyway , about this skillet , I rate it 5 stars . The skillets ' heat controller is very accurate -LRB- I measured the skillet surface with an infra-red thermometer -RRB- and the attached lever on the controller makes it very easy to remove . The skillets ' glass lid has a vent by the knob which can be opened or closed which I find quite innovative . I have had no problems with the numbers wearing off the controller or the non-stick surface peeling . This skillet has a lever that will allow it to be tilted allowing excess grease and oil to accumalate to one side . This is a great feature . The lid fits the skillet quite nicely and I can spot no gaps between the skillet and lid . I highly recommed this 12 '' skillet to anyone who is in the market for one .
 I 'm renting a small room and do not have access to a kitchen , and up until I got this electric cooker I 've been living out of a microwave . Now I eat steaks pretty regularly.Things I love about it : The glass top - watch your food cookThe temp dial - as opposed to just a High/Medium/Low like on some other cookers I 've seen , I like to be able to control my cooking more closely . I do n't know if Oster made improvements or other reviewers keep their hands coated in paint thinner , but I have n't had any trouble with the writing on the dial rubbing off and I 've been using it probably twice daily for a month or more now.The tilt feature - lots of different uses , let water/juices/grease etc flow to one side or keep foods from mixing while they cookThe non-stick coating - its great , I have n't found anything yet that would n't come off with a paper towel after cookingThe vent at the top - I 've seen other reviewers freaking out about the vent being part of the top 's handle . I have zero problems with it and I have big hands . Here 's a hint , do n't point it towards you . I love it because I keep this on a table by a window with the vent pointed out and out everything goes.The heating element - It gets hot pretty fastNot so great things : The cord is really short - rather irrelevant to me though as I have it plugged into a power strip along with some other cooking stuff that live near it -LRB- blender , toaster , fan etc -RRB- , but yeah , the cord is really short . Maybe three feet . It does n't even reach the floor with the unit sitting right on the edge of the table.The edges - they slop outwards as you can see in the picture , it would have been nice if they had a bit of a lip or something where the top sits so its easier to scoop out things like fried rice or scrambled eggs . I get around this issue though , its a small gripe.Basically like my subject line says , this is the greatest purchase I 've made in a while . Not only can I cook great meals in them , I 'm eating way healthier because I 'm not on a permanent diet of microwavable food , and I save tons of money because I 'm not always eating out to escape my permanent diet of microwavable food . I honestly do n't know what the difference between this and a more expensive cooker would be , but this does everything I could want to a tee so I do n't see any reason to pay fifty or a hundred bucks .
 I purchased this item as a gift for my mother who has used many different models both at home and as an in-store demonstrator . She was very impressed with the glass cover which allows a check on the cooking status without removing the cover and disapating the cooking heat
 My new Oster 12 '' electric skillet is just what I wanted . My old -LRB- 38 year-old -RRB- electric skillet had seen its last days ! I wanted a skillet that was not too big , yet provided the features I was accustomed to in my old one ... temperature control easy to regulate , easy clean-up , and reliability . The Oster fits the bill . I especially like the glass top so I can see what is cooking . Also , the quick release plug is a great addition . I recommend this skillet to anyone who is looking for a functional , yet attractive addition to his/her kitchen . Good buy .
 Very satisfied . Just as I expected . Easy to use , good size , easy to clean .
 I am very pleased with this skillet . I almost bought the larger one , but this is quite large . The handles are large enough toget a firm grip but not so large to take up extra space . Well made , with high quality teflon . The electric cord clicks as it is put into the skillet and there is a release handle to easily remove the cord when through . Thermonstat will go from barely warm to frying . Lid fit perfectly . This is the best electric skillet I have had .
 The product was a little larger than I anticipated but well constructed ... heats evenly and the vented cover something I did n't expect but appreciate . A good buy for the price .
 This Green Tea was purchased for a person who only eats organic , healthy , etc. . I shared in a cup with him and it had a nice flavor . Would I pay this much money for it again ? I can get similar products with less purchase price from local grocers .
 I love these knives . And , I was happy to find the knife to complete my set . Great ease of use and very sharp .
 I bought this set to complement my 13-piece set that I had previously purchased -LRB- I had two slots free in my storage block -RRB- . The 7 '' Hollow Edge Santoku , however , does not fit into any slot of the storage block . It may fit into the block that comes with the 17-piece set , though . Just be careful as the Santoku is a fairly wide knife .
 Excelente ! los recomiendo 100 % , el env&iacute;o fue r&aacute;pido , el articulo llego tal cual fue descrito en las caracter&iacute;sticas del producto . . Compra realizada desde Venezuela !!
 This is the cheapest line of JA Henckels offerings , but they are decent . The brushed stainless back edge is nice , but a few of the knives have this back edge out of tolerance with the handle , so the fit between them is n't always terribly smooth . All told though , a very nice set of knives for the cost .
 Nice knives & very sharp , I 'm glad I purchased them . My only con -LRB- & it 's minor -RRB- is they `` seem '' thin , light weight & will need TLC if they are to last . I am hanging on to the lifetime warranty on these just for that reason = 1 less * , otherwise they are a great product & I plan on adding the 2 set Asian cutlery duo to fill out the blocks 2 add ' l slots .
 I almost did n't buy this set because another reviewer said the larger knife did n't fit in the knife block that comes with the 13-piece set . But I went ahead ... and the knife fits easily in my knife block . I love all these knives , especially the Santoprene handles , which are very comfortable . I 'm not much of a cook and this line of Henckels knives suits my needs , and are priced great !
 This pan cleans well , heats evenly , and makes a nice size lasagna for four -LRB- with a bit left over -RRB- . It is about 2.75 inches deep , with my only complaint that I wish it was deeper . Overall , a great buy
 My search for pottery or stoneware bakers started when my glass -LRB- household name -RRB- baker literally exploded on the countertop . I removed if from a 400 degree oven , and set it on a wood surface . Luckily , I had stepped away when I heard an explosion , and there sat my cassarole atop a pile of shards.I did a lot of research
 This ornament is very nice . It 's got a lot of detail & is very sturdy . I was surprised how heavy it actually is !
 The ornament came before Christmas . It is on our tree now . We are very happy with this purchase Will order again
 Ordered this for my son-in-law for Christmas . He has a real Fat Boy bike . He and my daughter started a collection of the Hallmark motorcycle ornaments . They loved this one , it is very nice .
 The unit works very well . Easy to use controls , very easy to `` link '' the sending and receiving unit , although this procedure must be done every time you use the unit but it 's only a minor inconvenience as the procedure to link the units only takes a few seconds . The temperature probes are accurate and easy to use , also easy to clean when finished . If you 're cooking two pieces of meat and want different internal temps on each piece you can set each of the temperature probes for different temperatures which is great . The ability to fine tune the desired meat temperature from the preset meat temps is a very nice feature . The receiver worked well for me , enabling me to get a clear , constant signal anywhere in my house or anywhere in the yard within 100 feet . The only fault I can find with the unit is that every once in a while the receiver will lose the signal . This happened to me several times during my last 3 cooking sessions but each time the unit automatically re-established the signal within a few minutes and once again accurately displayed the temperature information . All in all I 'm very pleased with the unit and have found that it makes my bar-b-q and smoker cooking much easier , much more enjoyable and helps me turn out perfectly cooked meats .
 I just love the moverick remote check wireless thermomer with 2 probes . I have been using this for a long time and I just love this product .
 As a caterer , monitoring temperatures is essential for any HACCP plan . I can place temps in my holding cabinets and track when they hit critical temps . We also produce large , expensive roasts , and this device helps us get perfect results every time . Negatives
 Love this product . We are a competition BBQ team and they work great when you have several meats that need to be monitored at the same time .
 An absolute must if you 're cooking in a smoker or large cuts on the grill . Easy to use and having the remote sensor is great .
 I found the range to be very good for what it is . As long as I 'm in the back yard it reads fine . Even if I go inside and stay in the living room -LRB- large patio door near by -RRB- it receives signal . If I go into the bathroom , it loses signal . There is a website showing a hack how to add a larger antenna , but for my use , it works well . I love the duel probes . I use to monitor the smoker and the other to monitor the meat . My only complaint is that I want to set an alarm at 220 for the smoker , but there is no way to do that . So I have to constantly check and once it gets up there no matter what meat I select , the alarm goes off . -LRB- Of course since the highest alarm is 170 . -RRB- Other than that very specialized situation , it 's great .
 I am updating this review as so many have said they have had problems . I suspect they have quality control issue at the factory.For me personally however , it has been working for 4 years now.Mind you I seldom use the remote control portion any more , but for having 2 thermoprobes on wires , I have found it to be a quite valuable tool for grilling , hot water , environment control for the dog in the SUV -LRB- the probe threads thru the canvas cage 's weave window quite nicely -RRB- . The remote does work , but it is troublesome enough to get the two units taking to each other that I only use it on rare occasion .
 Or a turkey ! I can not imagine cooking an expensive cut of meat without it , have done standing rib roasts indoors and turkeys on my ceramic smoker . You need this equipment !
 This thermometer seems to work as advertised . It 's not stellar but it seems they all have some bad and some good reviews . The point is , it 's really easy to set up the communication between devices , the thermalcouples are pretty high quality , and the interface is pretty intuitive .
 Great ThermometerThe two probe , wireless thermometer , allowed us to monitor the cooking of our turkey from the comfort of our sitting room . This great thermometer helped produce a great bird .
 Used the Maverick ET-7 wireless thermometer for the first time while BBQ ` ing some New York Steaks and I am impressed . I set it to medium/rare and it was cooked just perfect . No more guess work . The remote and reciever was a little tricky to set up at first but now it will be a breeze the next time .
 I do like this product ! I have n't used it a lot but so far it works great and does exactly what I wanted it to do . Thanks for a great product !
 It is very convenient to be able to BBQ one item and roast another @ the same time in different locations . When you know what the temps are , you do n't have to waste heat constantly checking on it . Only downside is , the temp lags just a little bit.If you want your meat RARE , subtract 5-10 degrees until you 're used to it . It can always be cooked more ... Otherwise , am thrilled with it , glad I bought it !!
 This is the best help there is for your bbq.It will enable you to see the temprature of your meat at all times without opening the lid of your bbq . It will give you a warning when your meat is reaching the desired temprature . And with two probes you can use it for two parts of the meat , e.i. brest and leg of the chicken or two peaces of meat .
 This is a great tool for BBQing . You can watch the temp of two different kinds of meat at the same time . Very acurate and easy to use . Our food came out so tender and not charred , and we were inside watching TV !
 I have had no problems and this works well for what I need ... I would buy again . Note
 I first tested the product with boiling water , then cold to determine how accurate . No problem there , accurate to the degree and when used was very easy to read and program .
 This dual probe is very nice and works well.I like to max out what I put in the smoker , which often means cooking different meats and poultry . Having the two probes makes the whole operation a no-brainer . Operating this unit does require a slight learning curve . For instance , you have to turn on the probe FIRST , or the base will not connect with it . Not a big deal , but does require a cursory glance at the directions.This unit is much better suited for slow cooking meats in your smoker . If you 're looking for a grilling thermometer -LRB- burgers , steaks , chicken breasts , etc. -RRB- - keep it simple and go with a really high quality instant read model .
 The first one did not work properly and the seller sent me a replacement . Did not even want me to return the original unit which I offered to do ! The unit works great . Talk about convenience in cooking ! On the grill or in the oven it monitors two different temperatures at the same time . Either two items being cooked at the same time or the cooking appliance temperature and the food . With the remote receiver you can be doing something else and find it very convenient to view the cooking temperatures almost anywhere in the house . I love it ! I would have given it five stars but the receiver needs a more reliable and longer operating range !
 I have had no problems with this thermometer . It is sturdy and easy to setup . Best of all it lets you adjust the preset temperatures . Many other types do not . I had no problem with short battery life . It may depend on the type you use . This is much better than the Weber model all around .
 Let 's all calm down about probes failing , etc and think this through . I have had a Maverick wireless unit for about 2.5 years -LRB- the previous model -RRB- . During this time I have used it probably 50 times -LRB- yes I grill a lot -RRB- and the unit has never failed me other than the need to replace batteries -LRB- two times when I left the unit on for days after use -RRB- . On to the probes - I thought it was understood -LRB- read some of the other reviews and you 'll see this same advice -RRB- that the probes are NOT water proof . So if you use a probe and throw it in the dish washer or drop it in the sink to clean it , it might work a couple of times . Maybe , but I doubt it . As I understand it -LRB- and it makes all the sense in the world -RRB- if water is allowed to run down between the wire and the probe itself , the unit will fail and you will be buying another probe - if you do n't throw the damned thing out in frustration . Subsequent probes will fail also , not due to anything other than the water intrusion problem . Read the one star reviews about probe failure and most of them sound similar - it worked a couple of times and then the readings were very inacurate . First question would be - did water get between the wires and the probes ? I 'm sure there are a number of ways to avoid this problem but in my case when I 'm done with a cook I wipe the probe down with a disinfectant wipe -LRB- lysol kitchen wipes , whatever -RRB- and that 's it - I 'm ready to go . No water used , but very clean . Do not put the probe under running water or immerse it in water and do n't orient it such that rain water is allowed to run down the wires into the probe and chances are it will last for a very long time , as mine has . Hopefully reading this review will save some purchasers a lot of frustration . Good luck .
 The days of standing around your smoke pit all day , monitoring food are over . This handy remote thermometer allows you to continue your yard work , house work , or any other duties in and around the house while smoking your favorite food . I 've been using mine for over six months now without a single problem.I 've found the probes to be highly accurate and the unit itself very user friendly . One of the reviews mentioned that you can not change the temperatures for the different meat settings . That is inaccurate , you most certainly can change the temps . For instance , I like to remove turkey breasts from my smoker at 160-165 degrees , because they will continue to cook while resting . I can set my thermometer on poultry and adjust the factory setting of 180 degrees to 160-165 degrees.The instruction booklet explains the operation in a detailed and clear manner . Get yourself one of these today , you wo n't be sorry .
 I bought this for my husband for father 's day , and he totally loves it . He is the one that does all of the grilling and he is always in and out checking the grill and the meat with a hand held thermometer . so he loved getting this .
 It does exactly what you would expect it to and it was probably the least expensive option . A very nice product .
 Great piece of equipment and the fact that it has two probes means that two items can be cooked at the same time whilst being monitored individually . Wonderful !!! It arrived in good time well packed and fully functional . Thank you .
 This is my second one of these , I had the other one for at least 3 years and It started training while I was smoking some meat and that was it . It got wet . SO i looked around at others but this one was the only one with 2 probes at this price . Good thermometer .
 Have used this multiple times and find it holds up to what it claims . Keeps good temperature guaging . I really like the dual probe feature.Used one for the smoker and one for the infrared fryer simultaneously.Very accurate.Bought one for my sons I was so impressed with it.I highly recommend it to anyone , especially for the out-door cook .
 The thermometer arrived in a timelly fashion as advertised . Works very well and is easy to use . I would recommend this thermometer to anyone else who wants a quality item at a reaonable price .
 I have used this Maverick Et-7 Remote Check Wireless Thermometer several times . It is easy to use and a no thinker .
 Good quality and very handy ... . Have only used it once and works great.Two probes is a very good idea ... Ca n't wait for next summer now ... . should work great with the BBQ.thank you .
 I 've been learning how to smoke this summer and have tried quite a few different kinds of meat but the first few were not that great . On the early ones it was a guessing game as to how long to cook before checking the meat temp and some of them were over cooked , plus every time you open the smoker to check you loose heat . I tried a Taylor remote thermometer first but it would shut off if the temperature did n't change for 30 minutes and some smokes can stay at the same temp for some time . I called their customer support and they told me the unit was n't made for smoking and you ca n't get around the auto shut-off feature.I returned it and after some research I decided on the Maverick ET-7 with the two probes and I will say I 'm very pleased at this point . My first smoke with it was a 13lb . turkey which I brined and rubbed . It was nice being able to put one probe in the breast and the other in the thigh since the breast cooks faster . I plan on using the second probe to monitor the smoker temp on subsequent smokes.I found the instructions and controls to be straight forward and it definitely takes the guess work out of the whole process . The range for the remote -LRB- which will toggle back and forth between the 2 probes -RRB- is adequate for monitoring from my kitchen but I lost the signal a couple of times when I took it into the living room . It might have been because of my wireless laptop , so I decided just to leave it in the kitchen.I would have given it 5 stars except for the distance limitation , not sure how much time I 'm going to get out of the probes either .
 Very reasonable price and has been the handiest thing yet for using with my smoker . The remote is really handy and clips to your belt .
 We purchased this probe for our Son , the Rib-eye King . I bought the same product from Amazon at least four years ago for my hubby . He loves it and he loves to cook a great meal . This is his `` go-to tool '' for the Oven , Grill and his Smoker . It is invaluable when he 's cooking a Brisket for hours -LRB- Texas-style -RRB- on the BBQ . Highly recommended by this Chef and probably the only gift from me he REALLY LOVES AND USES A LOT .
 I bought this for my husband to go with his smoker/BBQ . He enjoys slow cooking meats and this is perfect for that . He can do other things while the meat is cooking and be alerted when the temp is too hot or too cool . He did actually have to read the directions but had it down with in a few minutes . We have not fully tested the range but there was no problem with the BBQ outside and my husband upstairs on the far side of the house .
 This cooks the best meat nothing is over done and with 2 probes you ca n't beat it . You do n't have to stand there watching food . Directions are a little confusing but if I can figure it out you can
 I have purchased a couple wireless thermometers before and none compare to this one.The 2 probe system is great . Even if you are not not smoking two different meats you can still use the 2nd probe for ambient temperature.The manual was a little weak but not horrible . Reception is good and having a temp readout on both the transmitter and receiver is a nice touch .
 Works great for use with a smoker . Allows you to easily monitor large cuts for doneness without having to open the smoker and loose smoke and heat .
 A great little device for those who are not comfortable with `` guessing '' if food is ready . This thermometer takes the `` guessing '' out of the equation .
 I have had no problems using this and am very pleased with the results . I have had no difficulties with the wireless function and it has worked all the way to my neighbor 's house , through several walls . The only incident was completely my fault whe I had taken the probe out of a hot piece of meat , then forgot that it was hot , and grabbed on to it a few minutes later which burned my fingers slightly.Pros
 At first , it worked very well . I was able to monitor temperatures from my basement using the receiver with the smoker outside at ground level . I do a lot of low-and-slow smoking and was really stoked about this product - no need to check the temperature every fifteen minutes.At some point , the receiver just stopped seeing the signal from the transmitter . The transmitter still works as a dual-probe thermometer , which is useful , but I have to check it visually now.When I first started using this product , I could use the probes monitor the temperature of the meat AND the internal temperature of the smoker from inside my home . Not so much after a few months . Looks like the best bet may be a network-connected base unit transmitting to the home network .
 My husband loves this temperature probe . We enjoy making our own sausage . With this temperature probe , he can monitor the smoke temperature at the same time he monitors the internal temperature of the sausage . It 's a bargain . The remote readout is a big plus because he can do something else and get notified if he needs to tend the sausages.This temperature probe was better than expected . We highly recommend it .
 The product was a little hard to get to work as I wanted , but finally got it figured out , and it works great .
 Just used breifly , but the only issue I had was that there was a 1 degree difference between the two temp probes .
 I highly recommend this product . I looked at a few different models and this one is great ! Very easy to use and the remote is nice to have so u can be doing other things while grilling .
 2 probes are handy , cook two items at same time or read two areas in a large piece of meat . You could also use second probe to monitor oven or smoker temp.Also has clock , countdown timers etc. .
 I just received it last weekend and decided to give it a try on a pork tenderloin . It worked great . I used one probe to give me the temp at grate level -LRB- the temp gauge that came with my smoker is 75 off -RRB- and one I put in the meat . It was easy to program how you wanted your meat cooked and when it gets to the desired temp the receiver beeps to let you know your food is done . You do n't have to cut into the meat , to see if it is done , losing all the juices . The pork came out perfect.Be careful when you close the lid of your grill not to pinch the stainless-steel wires . They can be damaged and not work.I have n't tested how far apart you can go between the transmitter and the receiver . I only have to go 15 ' from my patio to my kitchen and it never missed a beat .05 / 28/07 - I have this thermometer in a pork shoulder right now . I used it yesterday in chicken quarters and a 4 lb pork loin . Everything came out perfect . This is a must have if you are going to smoke meat
 No more undercooked food , no more opening the grill or oven to check on food , no more cutting in to check . I 've had this for two years and it works extremely well , outside or inside . The transmitter range is great and goes well inside the house . This gets a lot of use and I 've only had to change out fresh batteries once or twice . Highly recommended.NOTE
 I 've used this unit with my smoker for about a year . You do lose the signal without any alert at times , even at a range of a few feet -LRB- my smoker is about 10 feet outside the kitchen door from the counter I set the receiver on -RRB- . I 've found that inserting fresh lithium batteries before a long cook -LRB- 12 hours -RRB- helps reduce this problem . Still , it 's nice on a cold , drizzy November day to be able to press a few buttons and know what temperature the turkey and pork shoulder is at . For monitoring the smoker 's temperature I use a third probe thermometer . My smoker 's pretty good at holding temperature , so I can usually get by with setting the smoker probe to go off if the temperature spikes at the beginning of a cook , or goes too low during a long cook . Yes , there is a product that is specifically designed to measure smoker temperature ranges , but I like how you can tweak this unit 's temperature settings to do both things , if needed . I 've had no issues with the original probes it came with . And replacement probes with heavier duty , longer 6 foot cords are available on the internet . I would buy it again .
 After reading many reviews and fretting over which thermo to buy I decided on the ET-7 . I was not disappointed ! What a great and handy little gadget this thing is . I broke it in on my smoker smoking two 7 lb . pork butts for the Super Bowl . I used one probe for the meat and one to monitor the smoker temp and it worked flawlessly ! I started the meat at midnight for an 8-9 hour smoke . I put the monitor on my nightstand next to the bed and was able to wake up every couple of hours , look over and see that everything was fine outside on the smoker and went back to sleep ! How great is that . And like others have said contrary to some of the reviews you can override the factory settings and set the temps for whatever you like . You just have to read the directions !! The one and only drawback I found was that when you turn it off you lose the clock settings . This is the only reason I did n't give it five stars but I would n't let that keep you from buying it . Other than that I am impressed and ca n't wait to use it again ! I would highly recommend this thermo especially for people who like to use a smoker and need to monitor the temps for long periods of time .
 I love it . It has really helped take the guess work out of smoking for this novice.The batteries that come with it are crap , and it kept losing the link . Alkaline batteries helped but did not totally fix it . I spent a few bucks and bought some good lithium batteries and it works perfectly now.mikem226@gmail.com
 This product changed the way I smoke and grill ! I read some reviews that concerned me before I bought it about range , temps , etc. . The range from outside to inside my house is great ! Nothing like watching football all day instead of my ribs or roast!The temprature setting DOES allow you to go higher or lower then the USDA recommended tempratures that are pre-set . You have to move into the manual mode and set your range from there.Definately a great buy!Pleased in Colorado
 This is the second one I 've owned , the other one died after a several years . This one is better and comes with two cables as opposed to the one sent in my original one . -LRB- I believe it was probably the cable part that actually failed in my old thermometer -RRB- All in all , it does exactly as advertised . You have to turn on the sensor and the remote within seconds of each other and then it gives you an accurate reading . I like it especially when barbecuing outdoors in the winter . You can stay inside and the remote will notify you when the meat is done
 The ET-7 Wireless Thermometer is a perfect grilling tool if you want your grill to turn out perfect results . The wireless feature makes standing over the grill constantly , a thing of the past . The settings for the verious types of meats and level of cooking for each makes using the product a breeze . Read the instructions carefully regarding connection and do not submerse the temperature probes in water as they may not function properly if they contain water . The dual probes allow you to cook two different meats and/or different temperatures for personal taste preferences . With this tool , I have been able to master the grilling process and produce results that a master chef would envy . A must have for any serious griller !
 Works great , but does not go the 100 ' distance . I would buy this item again .
 Is just what was needed for at home B.B.Q. Saves time and a lot of guess work .
 I have had two other brands of wireless remote thermometers . They all worked well until the probe failed . Could not find a source for replacement probes so I bought this one because it had two probes with it . So far so good , have not needed the second probe yet . I hope this company is smart enough to have probes available when needed .
 Product does exactly what it says . Love the many options of different temp settings . The only thing I do n't like about it is the short distance of transmission capabilities .
 Perfect working order out of the box . Easy to use . Accurate and responsive.Has on/off/standby switch on remote , and on/off switch on transmitter.Very flexible functionality , with good user interface.YOU DO NEED to READ AND FOLLOW THE SUPPLIED INSTRUCTIONS . Probably you should read the instructions several times.My son -LRB- an award winning chef -RRB- has been using the previous model of this at home for 5 years with zero problems , and recommended it to me .
 Great thermometer do n't have to stand at the grill food cooks great every time . more beer time ...
 Once the connection is made it works as expected . Would be nice if clock would n't reset when turning off , wish one probe could have a low temp setting to help monitor smoker temperature .
 Excellent accessory for a smoker or bar-b-que unit . Especially good with a smoker since the lid does not have to be opened to check the temperature . The remote transmitter is great since a person can stay inside and not worry about constantly checking the cooking temperature . The dual probe feature is great . I smoked a turkey and some pork tenderloin and I could see the temp of each from the comfort of my couch !! Glenn Jenkins
 Overall a very functional piece of equipment for an outdoor grill/smoker . Rated for a range of up to 100ft , but that 's a bit optimistic . Works fine through a single wall , but venture any further into the house and the signal will drop . Got to keep an eye on the little receiver icon to make sure it 's still getting signal .
 For the price , this is a good deal . I 've not under/over-cooked anything since using this product . Yes , the beeping is a bit annoying , and on rare occassions , the probe and base lose contact with each other -LRB- there 's an icon to tell you when it 's updating ... if it does n't flash or the degrees do n't change for several minutes , then the signal has been disconnected ... simply turn both off and then on again , probe first -RRB- . I have not had a problem with the signal if I turn the probe on first , then the base , for whatever reason.A real advantage to this one , above the value , is that you can decide whether to use the device 's recommended temperature guide based on what you are cooking , or you can set your own . For example , the guide says to cook pork until 160 or 165 , which is too much for my taste , so I set the alarm to go off at 155 ... perfecto ! Cons
 i love this product . I stick the little poker into my meat and I can walk away . I like to leave the meat on the grill over a low heat or actually I tend to leave one burner on and the next one off . Kind of a stagger method with my four burners . I dont leave my meat visually unattended when the flame is direct . So you can only imagine how handy this little guy is . I can go inside watch TV and never worry . It is so easy to use . Just read the directions carefully and you will have no problems . GREAT GIFT A JOY TO USE
 This is one of the best inventions I 've seen in a while ! The accuracy of the themometer was excellent . However , the most impressive feature for me was the wireless receiver you could program to specific temeratures . While smoking a large pork shoulder , I was able to not worry about how close I was to done . One glance at the receiver and knew what temperature my shoulder was . The alarm feature -LRB- when it reached my pre-programed temp -RRB- made this truly a put it on the grill and forget it project . This will be the gift of choice for all my freinds and relatives this year .
 I bought this for his birthday and he uses it all the time . He loves the dual temperature probes and the remote control . Now he does n't have to spend time watching the food ; more time to spend in his easy chair !
 Bottom line ... awesome ... buy one . I am buying my second one today to have one at the oven and one at the grill . I am also buying my third one to give to my relative who loves to grill.Functions all worked great !!
 Works great - I use it with my bradley , drop it in through the vent . I typically use one probe for the meat and one for the outside temperature .
 Bought this for my Thanksgiving Turkey and also for my BarBQing . It works great . It 's just a little hard to understand how to work . Used it for the turkey but I know it has many more features that I will have to learn to use .
 The Remote-check unit is a real convenience for someone like me . I entertain a lot and grill even more . The dual sensor is really terrific when I have two entres on the grill simultaneously and the remote allows me to attend to my guests without worrying about a missed temperature alarm . The unit seems accurate so far unlike the one I replaced . Hopefully , the probes are more durable too .
 I have used it several times and it has worked great on my convection grill
 This is a great produce and very easy to use . It 's wonderful to be able to be indoors and cook/monitor cooking outdoors .
 Do n't have a whole lot of run time on this to see if longevity is an issue , but so far-so good !
 maybe these products get modified for the better over time . mine works just fine . both probes work , my smoker and my grill are close so i put one in the grill and another in the smoker . they pair up easily before i ever insert the probe in the meat.admission : i dont know how far the reciever works because i place it close to the transmitter.i have another brand from williams sanoma and the reciever went bad right away . i still use it i just read the transmitter for the temp.another point if using one probe dont get confused which probe you are reading the temp . from , if you do you will get the results i have read about on here .
 As an avid outdoor chef , I find the Maverick remote thermometer to be a great tool for determining when to declare my meat done . The only minus that I have with the thermometer is the very limited range for the remote receiver . I find it has unreliable connection at distances an little as ten feet from the remote transmitter .
 Once you figure out how to use it , -LRB- im blonde -RRB- It is a wonderful thermo!I love the two probe feature , the clock feature , wireless feature , its a great addition to my smoking/bbqing equipment .
 It does exactly what it is supposed to . A couple of comments that prevent giving it 5 stars : Even at a range of only 12 feet , I had to reset the transmitter and receiver a couple of times during a 4 hour slow cook.Could have had better instructions on the buttons on the front of the receiver.On the plus side , it did provide meat cooked exactly as set .
 This product is great for slow roasting in a smoker especilally since you can monitor 2 products without opening the smoker to check progress and poking more holes inthe meat .
 I use this with th Bradley smoker and it works great . The ET-5 Maverick had a oven temp probe and is nice too , but I have had 2 in as many years . This one seems to be built sturdier . I have ordered a seperate oven thermometer .
 After overcooking many roasts on the grill using cheap meat thermometers I decided to get a better thermometer . This one has worked flawlessly . I really enjoy having the remote unit with me in the house while my roast -LRB- or other meat -RRB- cooks outside on the grill . I have n't used it for two pieces of meat yet , but I 'm sure it would be great for that as well .
 The Maverick worked very well for monitoring the temps in the meat and the ambient temps in my smoker . The pork shoulder I smoked turned out perfect with the help of the Maverick . Only issue is the wireless range is lacking a bit .
 Bought this for my hubby 3 years ago almost eactly to the day . He has loved it , no complaints ! Uses it in his smoker with a probe in two different meats -LRB- usually turkey breast and beef brisket -RRB- . The smoker is about 30 ft from where he keeps the read-out in the kitchen , reading either through the glass back door or the exterior kitchen wall . We 've had no problems with losing the signal or any other transmitting problems.I am back at Amazon 3 years later to see if I can purchase just a single new probe . For some reason one of them has quit reading correctly ; when it 's in a 78 degree room , it reads 130 degrees for some reason . Stuck in the cold meat it registers it as done . Hoping to find just a single -LRB- or two pack -RRB- of sensors .
 I thought this might be an overkill but now that I have it I really like it . I replaced a digital thermometer and now I can just put the probe in the meats and not have to remember to keep checking the temperature . This has more setup time and the probe is in the way when you turn the meat but to me it is worth it .
 Every once in a while my temp probe is poorly placed and I end up over cooking something in oven or BBQ . Placing two probes eliminates this occasional error .
 I have been using my ET 7 for the past year , and I am pretty happy with it . There are 2 minor issues but they are not something that would keep me from buying this unit again if I had to . Its simple to use right out of the box and the functions are enough and more for an avid BBQ ` er.The main issue I have had is with the range of the wireless monitor . It doesnt seem to hold the connection while the monitor is inside and the `` pager '' is outside where you are cooking . Im sure expecting it to go through the walls of a house is too much , but even thru my aluminum garage door the connection will eventually be lost . It has never caused any sort of disaster for me , but if you arent mindful and the connection goes out you might end up overcooking your product . I dont think there is anytihg misleading about Mavericks description , but just FYI for anyone looking to buy.The other issue I ran into was my probes failing . This happened over time and was probably just a matter of me being careless while cleaning and getting them a little too late . This isnt something I fault Maverick for , just be careful when cleaning your probes.Aside from those 2 , its a great little thermometer , its replaced any old wired ones I had in my kitchen .
 Works flawlessly . I especially like the fact that it has room for two probes , this way if I have two diffent thicknesses of meat I can make sure they are removed at the correct times . I have also used the second probe to display the oven temp by just laying it in the grill . I like how the temp is also displayed on the transmitter so if I am by the grill and not by the receiver I can see the temp . I am careful though to not expose the probe wires to direct flames as to not ruin them . I would not hesitate to buy on again .
 The remote with it 's timer and probes allow you to do other chores while the grill does all the work . The duel probes allow you to check different types of meat or different doneness . Both probes plug into the sender unit or one probe plugs into the remote unit . A must have for grillers .
 This wireless thermometer lets you cook two different items set for two different temperatures . The small black transmitter sits beside the BBQ while you remain fully informed of temps and times as you carry around the silver receiver or set it on the counter while getting the sides together . The buttons are less than intuitive , otherwise I would have awarded this baby five stars . My BBQ is better !
 I really like this little thing . I have been using it 2 or 3 times a week for months and it has worked perfectly . It has a really loud alarm , so I 've only used the wireless feature once . It seemed like the range of the transmitter may not be so far , since the signal was spotty when I was up stairs . When you use it plugged directly into the main unit it takes 60 seconds to prepare itself before you can use it . This is n't mentioned in the manual . I have borrowed other makes from friends in the past and this one is far better .
 This is useful and fun , what more could you ask ? You can use one or two probes . The probes are connected to the transmitter , you then turn on the remote , then the transmitter . I use it for everything , steaks , chops , whatever . I go into the living room and watch the remote . When the temperature gets over about 100 I turn the meat over if necessary . The only thing I have noticed is the temperatures that trigger the audible alarm are set too high , likely thanks to lawyers . For example , when I set it to medium rare for beef , it was more like medium . Now I set it on rare -LRB- 140 -RRB- and get a perfect medium rare . For pork the number is 170 . I take it off at 160 . After all , it continues to cook after it is taken off . Before I bought this I used to guess but now I get perfect results every time . Highly recommended .
 Great product , I can have a steak and chicken on at the same time and do n't have to keep going back to the BBQ to check if they are done . The down side is that it goes through batteries quickly but with rechargeable not a major problem .
 This thing is very handy . I am just getting the hang of a new smoker , and bought this so I did not have to be chained to the smoker on hot summer days.I put one probe in the smoker to measure heat temp , and the other in a pork shoulder . It alternates back and forth between the two , constantly keeping me update . the convenience is awesome . Allows me to work on my computer and take care of customers while I smoke my meat.This is the first time I 've used it , so I do n't know about battery life , but regardless , it is great . The radio reception works great through an outside and one interior wall.UPDATE -LRB- June 30 , 2012 -RRB-
 I was hesitant to buy given some of the reviews , but it seems to work well . Temps from the two probes are within 1-2 degrees of each other , and the signal gets through to the receiver which is about 40 feet away inside the kitchen . I thought at first it was n't working , but it seems as if the unit only transmits when the temperature changes . So if you are testing it and it 's just sitting outside and the temperature is stable , it looks like it 's not working . It does occasionally miss a transmission , so the receiver might be a few degrees off from the transmitter , but then it seems to catch up on the next transmission ten or twenty seconds later . This is not the best way to design this , but it seems to work well enough . The controls are a little clunky , hence the 4 stars , but it does seem to work for me . Also , you can customize the settings for doneness , despite reviews to the contrary , but you have to read the instructions and realize that there are two temperature tables -- actually it 's quite flexible . It does lose all the settings including the time of day if you turn it off , but there 's a standby mode that only runs the clock . Again , not the best design , and they could probably have made it more robust for another $ 5 , but it works well as a basic temperature monitor , and is sure beats running in and outside all day to monitor the smoker temperature .
 Ok , sure , a real man can BBQ without using a thermometer , and should be able to tell the doneness of steak with the touch of a finger ... but the first time you mess up $ 80 worth of steaks by burning them to a crisp because you were busy drinking a beer and talking with friends , you 'll wish you had this thermometer with the remote.While this is n't too useful if you have to constantly flip/turn the food you are trying to cook , it is great to get spot-on perfectly cooked food . Cooking 4 steaks , two rare , and two medium-well ? No problem , set the different probes for the meat type and doneness preferred , and PROMPTLY get the food off the heat when the beeper goes off , and the food is cooked perfectly , every time . I 've used this so far on chicken , sausage , lamb , beef steak , and the food has been absolutely perfect . Works in the oven and on the grill , no complaints.The only bad thing I do n't like is when you shut the unit off , it forgets the time of day you set on it , but I 'm not really using this thing for a clock so it 's not a big deal . You could also just leave it in ` standby ' mode which displays the time , but I did n't want to eat up the batteries any faster than I had to.Highly recommend , especially if you prefer spending your BBQ time enjoying the party rather than keeping an ever-watching eye on the grill .
 Length :
 Great gadget gift for that barbeque-ist in your life ! Before , my husband would have to sit out in the drizzle while smoking meats . With this gadget he can keep an eye on things from inside.I got one for my Dad too !
 The only thing I do n't like about this is , when you turn on the base , it defaults to looking for a reading from the remote piece . This results in a 30 + second delay to actually use the timer or get it to read the sensor plugged into the main unit . I think this goes away if you use the standby mode , but then you do n't get a lot of battery life . That aside , I really like how this works and it has definitely helped cook a perfect roasted chicken !
 I bought this thermometer as a gift for my husband . He likes gadgets , and I certainly want to encourage him to cook ! With a regular thermometer , he 's obsessed and wo n't leave the kitchen or leave the meat alone to cook . The wireless option for this one allows him to move to other parts of the house -LRB- my hope is that he 's still being productive -RRB- without the worry of overcooking meat - he knows its temperature at all times . Perhaps it 's the old house , but the range on the wireless could be better . We 're looking forward to trying it out on the grill .
 Great product -LRB- even I can be a good cook -RRB- Super cutomer service
 We can now cook two pieces of meat to our own taste.No overcooked for me and cooked to shoe leather for my wife
 I do a lot of smoking . Charcoal , electric , pit , you name it . I 've utilized tons of techniques , and probably just as many gadgets . This thermometer is an excellent choice for a smoking enthusiast , or even for the casual cook . My `` easy '' setup makes everyday smoking a breeze . Electric smoker -LRB- MASTERBUILT 20070210 30 '' ELECTRIC ANALOG SMOKER -RRB- , one of these thermometers . Set your done temp , place your probe , sync your transmitter , and go back to watching football , etc. . The receiver definitely works best if stationary , and I 'd estimate its optimal ranges at 30 ft through a wall . Line of sight its a little better . The fact that you can monitor two meats at once and have different set temps for each is great . Smoke a brisket and some chickens , a pork butt and some ribs . Makes life a little easier , and that 's what it 's all about .
 This is the second remote thermometer that I have had . I love to grill via indirect with turkey , chicken , prime rib , etc. . I originally had a Weber remote that stopped working after just a few uses . Saw this remote thermometer with the 2 probes and did not understand why I would want the 2nd probe . After reading some reviews I realized that even though you can use this for two pc . of meat -LRB- two turkeys , etc. -RRB- the best use of the 2nd probe is to monitor the cooking temp within the grill itself.I have used the Maverick ET-7 for over 2 years now without issue . Love this system and recommend it highly for grillers who want to keep a close watch on the internal temp of whatever you are cooking . Nice to be able to sit inside and monitor the temp . Great product !!
 I 've had this thermometer for years and generally love it . I 've seen a few reviews that talk about it failing . As per the Maverick web page , this is typically caused by a broken probe . Ours has lasted for years , but I just ordered a replacement from them for a reasonable price . There is also one available from AmazonMaverick Genuine Replacement Food Probe 3 Ft for ET-73 , ET-7 , & More .
 I gave it 4 stars mainly because after 3 years the temp is still accurate -LRB- consistent -RRB- . Pros
 This item will simplify cooking in your oven , your grill , your smoker , oryour BBQ pit . I use it in all the above applications and it reallysimplified the time I spend in monitoring the cooking process 's . If your thinking about getting one , then you should have already made thepurchase cause it will do what it advertises it will do . And this unitwas very easy to set up and use , very simple instructions.In fact I 'm figuring I could use a second one!You wo n't be disappointed ...
 The product works as good as advertised . I have enjoyed using my electric smoker with this product . It provides accurate , hands-off monitoring of my gastronomic creations . Thank You .
 Works very well ... and I 'm happy with the range of the transmission ... but the instructions are not well written .
 I bought this item lasy year and used it to make my Holiday turkey in the oven . It freed me up and allowed me to be with my family while cooking the meal at the same time . I 've used it in the BBQ and a smoker.My son loved mine so much I gave it to him and ordered another . My friend wanted one so I gave HIM one.Save time , BUY TWO , one for yourself and one for a friend . They will love you and this makes a GREAT GIFT !
 Difficult to learn how to use , but a good tool to help determine cooking temperatures . Really makes a great gift if the technologically advanced .
 It 's great when something works AS ADVERTISED straight out of the box!I put the batteries in -LRB- they are included -RRB- , and both the sending unit and the receiver communicated immediately registering the correct tempurature of the pork roast that I was cooking . . ! With a little study of the users manual , it is easy to get the other settings working . . -LRB- temperature goal , etc. . . -RRB-
 This is from years of using one of these.The unit consists of two probes , which plug into a small black readout/transmitter unit that alternates displaying the temperature of each probe about every three seconds . It also transmits the information to the larger receiving unit which contains the functionality such as the timers and the alarm functions.The probes and the display/xmit unit they plug into work well . The wireless connection to the receiving unit is problematic in two main ways . The connection can be difficult to initially create . The useful range in feet is not that great . Certainly nowhere near 100 feet . Maybe up to 25 feet or so without going through walls.I find it useful to be able to have one head with two probes , as I have two of the display/xmit units , and can use four probes simultaneously without having to have 4 separate readouts.The probes are accurate to within 2-3 % or less . They will eventually wear out , and then they are expensive to replace . The two probes cost about 2/3 the price of the whole product.So in summarizing
 I was initially cautious when I first purchased this product as there were several critical reviews . However , I have found nothing but great results with this thermometer . The instructions for use were very straight-forward . Setup was a breeze . I have cooked multiple pork shoulders and other various items in a smoker and found that without the advantage of thermometer like this , I might have otherwise overcooked a fine piece of meat . For the price , its well worth it . Dual probes are especially nice when checking the internal temperature of not only the meat , but also the barbecue/oven/grill that you are utilizing . Great product !!
 The product worked perfectly out of the box . Placed one probe in a block of wood -LRB- Potato works also -RRB- to monitor the cooking temp in center of cooking area at grate level and the other probe in the subject -LRB- I was doing a Boston Butt -RRB- . Able to watch TV and monitor my smoking . Started the fire at 5:30 am . Put the meat on at 6:00 am and took off the pulled pork at 5:30 pm for a 30 min rest before pulling . The ET-7 worked great . I have a single probe Maverick as well and another brand but have had issue with the other brand . I will purchase another to keep at the lake .
 I bought this for myself and my brother a couple years ago and just bought a third one for my father-in-law . I strongly recommend this for anyone who cooks more than one thing and might be distracted . Set your desired temperature and you 're good to go . You can take the master unit with you . It has a belt clip . Or stand it on a surface where you are . My steaks are always perfect ! In the house , I also use it for turkeys , prime rib , etc. , any expensive cut you do n't want to overcook , undercook or dry out . This unit has two probes so you can monitor steaks -LRB- or chicken -RRB- on both sides of the grill , since both sides never seem to be even . They will each have their own setting .
 I 'm a huge fan of this wireless thermometer . Basically there are 4 parts
 Good product.Follow operating instructions closely untill familiar
 Overall great product . Very accurate temperature readings and settings for different meat is nice . As mentioned by other commenters the range is not as advertised . Our living room is less than 30ft from the kitchen and while the unit would work at first , it would never last more than about 10 minutes without losing signal . Also , once it loses the signal there 's no way to re-acquire via the wireless unit . You must press a button on the back of the probe unit which means constantly making trips back and forth to the kitchen .
 This has work perfectly for me . As stated before you need to know how to read , the manual at least . Initial connection is by turning on the REMOTE first THEN the SENSOR unit.I used it over Thanksgiving with `` The Big Easy '' -LRB- TBE -RRB- infrared turkey fryer and it worked GREAT ! I was also able to monitor the other turkeys in a large wood fired smoker . Just to make sure I did n't destroy the probe in TBE I used a small piece of tin foil to protect the probe cable as it entered TBE in case the heat of the fryer case was too hot for it.No problems with it . Like most wireless devices of it 's kind it has about the range of a cordless phone . I got about 75 feet outside but when I went into the house , also about 75 feet , I lost communication . I find this acceptable and better than my cordless phone does.RJ
 I use this when I smoke venison sausage . I use one probe to monitor the smoker temp and the other to monitor the internal temp of the sausage . Works great . Takes some fiddling with to get to understand how the alarms and settings work , but once you get it figured out , you have a great temp unit . Definitely recommend .
 The product works great . I like the meat choices and temperature readings . The stand is much better the the old ready chek smoker thermometer . The remote works well so I can be in the house doing other things . I also like the fact that you can plug one of the probes directly in the silver read out hand held , just in case you do not want to deal with the remote . Overall great product
 Over all I find this Thermometer very useful . I own a NewTemp remote thermometer for the same purpose . I find this unit much handier and eaasier to use.I.m only wondering why the receiver guit about 2.5 hrs into the cooking . I reset everything and it began to work again as advertized but it was an inconvirnce.The alarm is MUCH louder than the NewTemp and the probe lines seem more sturdy.Enjoy your new Maverick Thermometer !!!
 DOES A GREAT JOB JUST HAVE TO REMIND YOURSELF IT MEASURES MEAT AND NOT GRATE TEMP OF THE GRILLE IM HAPPY WITH IT
 My husband grills all of the time and he loves this !!! You can just put something on the grill and forget it til it beeps !
 I monitor my food and cooking chamber simultaneously . This device is great in allowing me two temps on one device . I have tested accuracy three times , dead nuts on . I do have to keep receiver closer than expected to get remote readings when being used outside on smoker -LRB- less than advertised distance -RRB- .
 This thermometer works great . I love the fact that I can walk away from the grill -LRB- Holland Grill -RRB- and just wait for the food to reach set temperature . The range of the receiver is not as good as stated , but it does work !
 For the most part I like the way this unit works as a simple temp probe . The dual temp probe works cool ! The only complaint I have about it is the way the clock works . The `` Standby '' vs. `` Off '' button is weird . If I shut it `` Off '' to save the battery , it wipes the clock out . If I leave it in standby and turn the probe off , then when I turn the probe on the monitor does n't see the probe . Just designed poorly . Not a huge deal because I do n't use the clock for timed cooking , only the temp . I 'd give it 5 stars if the clock worked in a sensible manner .
 I really enjoy having the wireless option . However , I ca n't even get it to work 50 feet inside my house nor can my father who also got one . Otherwise , I think using it and getting it set up was a breeze . It is a little difficult to set the little black sensor box if you do n't have a shelf . My father and I both use it on our Big Green Eggs and I have the shelves and he does n't and he finds it can be a problem that the black sensor box does n't clip . Otherwise , I highly recommend .
 This device made it extremely easy to cook and entertain guest during our 2009 Thanksgiving celebration . Typically , I would run back and forth between different cooking appliances and guest , but this remote temperature monitoring device eliminated the need to constantly check on the cooking process . I truly enjoyed using this device and will continue to do so , which makes my BBQ gatherings a pleasure to deal with and allows me to enjoy the party as well.Great investment !!!!
 I have owned this item now for two seasons . It works very well . Have used it as an oven meat Thermometer as while as for BBQ temperatures and meat . Setup is straight forward and has not had any issues to speak of . You must understand how to use probes when putting it in meat as to depth , cut , size and bones etc. . You may get interference from other remote items and possible cell phones , walls with allot of metal as with other remote devices , Signal is sent on 433.92 MHz , interference if in path way to units and avoid it I have had no problems in this area room to room inside to out.I have checked temperatures against other thermometer and found it accurate . The preset temperatures for cooking I have found to be a little higher than I like for rare medium and well done . Cook books also disagree in this area as well . I manually input my cooking done temperatures as needed .
 Works like it should . Better keep the instructions handy . Ca n't do much without them .
 I have had this device for a few years now and it is showing it 's wear . If you have ANY kind of probe thermometer , you really need to take care of the probe . For this model I used some high temp RTV silicone on the very end where the probe and cable come together . I also handled the probe rather carefully . This unit WILL work if you take care of it . Getting the probe wet can damage it permanently . The radio function also worked very well for me but I did n't use it that much . I am one that thinks you should stand by the grill or stove if you do n't want things to burn.Overall I am very pleased with this device . I have to replace it now after many years of service but it sure did the job for me .
 I read mixed reviews on this item , but I was desperate since I was planning a big Easter BBQ on my new Traeger grill . This worked perfectly and I was able to cook items that were different in size without worrying about burning one . It was easy to operate in spite of what I had read in some reviews .
 I love this product ! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is the instructions were difficult for me to understand . Once I figured it out all was well . Works as advertised .
 I use this for my smoker . I put the two probes through the chimney and have the remote inside . The range is not great , and setting the alarms are a little bit of a hassle . But it is very convenient and the battery life is amazing .
 I have a commercial electric smoker . . I primarily smoke cured pork loins . If these are cooked to long they get dry . . My wife bought me this wireless probe . I havent had any real trouble it has worked flawlessly . Ocasionally does take more than one attempt to get the units to sync ... Other than that a great little unit . .
 This works flawlessly . All the information you could want is at your fingertips in a easy to read , accurate , customizable and wireless form . Having two probes -LRB- temps -RRB- is hugely valuable , both for convenience of monitoring two types of meat and to verify accuracy . It 's also useful because I forget what temp medium-rare beef should be vs. well-done pork and this thing takes care of that , too . Using actual internal meat temp allowed me to fully cook the meat to desired doneness , then continue to smoke the meat at a lower temp to get it nice and tender without drying it out .
 With two probes and all the bells and whistles it is the best thermometer out there for the money . Only negatives ive found are the lack of a back lit lcd display and the power switch is kind of flimsy .
 Excellent purchase , works well in a cookshack smoker especially two chickens . There is no need to open the smoker until the food is done indicated by wireless therometer .
 This product is wonderful and performs just as expected . How great it is to put a steak on the grill and walk away and into the house without having to babysit the meat out in the cold . I gave one to my brother and brother-in-law and we all love it !
 The time of day clock is a little quirky to program , but other functions are very intuitive . Works great .
 After burning the sides of my fingers from lifting the lid of the Traeger smoker , I decided to invest in a remote thermometer . This gadget works great !! Also , another bonus is not having to go out into the cold to check thermometer . If you like your meat well done , let it cook to 175 / 180 degrees . Highly recommend !!
 I purchased this for my mother to make her life easier cooking holiday dinners . She got it Christmas morning and had figured out how to use its many functions in a matter of minutes . -LRB- She did n't even read the instructions . -RRB- She thought it was very helpful to not have to take the turkey out of the oven multiple times and double checked its accuracy .
 I love to barbeque all year long , even when the snow is swirling here in Michigan . I ordered the ET-7 just before Thanksgiving and it arrived at about 12:30 p.m. on the Friday after Thanksgiving , just after I put a pork roast on the grill for my family gathering . Watching the temperature rise without going out into the cold was a wonderful benefit . The unit worked flawlessly , and easily . Looking forward to using it again soon . / tom
 I did n't have the problem that some have had with being to far away to transmit.But then again , my grill is n't that far out of my back door.This worked great to determine the temperature of the meat -LRB- I used it with tri-tip , pork and fillet mignon -RRB- Usually I order medium rare , but that was way to rare for my taste . Medium to Medium well was perfect though.It is great being able to check multiple pieces of meat or different parts of the meat to make sure it is done that way that you like it.I am very pleased -- and everyone was impressed :O -RRB-
 I am an inventor who urgently needed a precise remote temperaturesensing device . The ET-7 went to work right out of the box ! I amvery pleased . Also , when one of the probes was misplaced , I wasable to order a replacement right away on line.This is a fine item , and a very good company , too .
 This item allows you to measure the temperature of two items that you are baking .
 I like the Maverick ET-7 Remote Thermometer . Took the advice of a review that I saw before purchasing and read the instructions before using . Used it last weekend cooking a chicken and a beef roast on the smoker grill at the same time . Went in and watched a football game . The alarm went off when the beef was done . The alarm went off about a half hour later to tell me that the chicken was done
 Bought this as a gift for my husband . Really likes the way it works , easy to learn how to use . Meat is done to perfection each time it has been used .
 I 've had this gadget for years and could n't live without it . I 've used it on all kinds of roasts . The fact that you can take the one device with you , while the actual probe is in the meat is wonderful ! I frequently smoke meat downstairs on the patio and while I am upstairs finishing dinner , I know exactly what temp the meat is downstairs . I have never had any problems with the device and would HIGHLY recommend it . Unlike , other reviewers my gadget has always stayed linked the duration of cooking time and as anyone knows , you can not cook a prime rib in a couple of minutes , more like several hours . NEVER a problem
 Received purchase in a timely manner and in excellent condition . Tried it out on my barbecue and all worked fine . Easy to install , easy to interpret , and vey accurate on temperature readings . Result , a perfect and tasty meal .
 Have used this device of years . Over all satisfactory . Not extremely accurate but lnforms me when I need to go to a thermometer that is instant and more accurate . When using in an outside cooker , i cover the probe wires with foil , therefore they last MUCH LONGER .
 I have used both probes simultaneously smoking loins of Canadian Bacon and a full Loin of beef on the BBQ . The thermometer was easy to setup , install and monitor . At this point in time I 'm ecstatic with the results .
 I really like the convenience of having the thermometer in the barbeque on the porch and the receiver in the house . The receiver sounds an alarm when it reaches your set temperature . It is nice having two probes to use for different temperatures for different meats or cooking preferences . I bought this to replace one I had that stopped working or so I thought . It turns out you need to be careful when you wash the probe not to get water in it . If you do get water in the probe it will not read the correct temperature . In time it will dry out and work again . By the time I received my replacement , my old one was working again . The only other limitation is the distance between the transmitter and the receiver is a bit short . If they increased the range it would be five star , but should be adequate for most people .
 I like this product , but in hindsight , I would not have purchased one with two probes , that is an overkill . Other then that , a very good product .
 I have used this item several times without any problems and was so impressed I bought one for a friend , there is no more guess work when it comes to cooking or smoking meat . The price was great compaired to local market prices and it works as advertised i could n't be happier .
 We bought the Maverick ET-7 to use with a large meat cooker we purchased . The cooker requires you to put the hot coals ABOVE the meat , so there is no way to check the meat until it is nearly done - other wise , you lose cooking heat and have to add cooking time . This thermometer allowed us to keep a close watch on the meat temperature so that we could allow the cooker to do its job . You can set a timer if you want . Plus , it has a second remote reader that you can clip to your belt and walk away from the cooker . Really great product !
 WORKS GREAT WITH MY GRILL AND BIG EASY . SAVES TIME AND I DO N'T HAVE TO GUESS ANY MORE . GOOD PRODUCT .
 This is a must-have in my book for anyone who loves to BBQ and needs to multitask . I love that I can walk away from the pit and rest in knowing that I will be alerted if/when my temperature gets too high or too low . Works great !
 This was easy to install and hold many belts . The pins holding belts works ok , but to many belts and they fall off . I would buy again .
 This replace an old belt rack the I broke rearranging my closet . Good quality I am happy with this product
 Nice hangers . Well made and sturdy . Full sized for large clothes . Excellent service from the vendor .
 The three Bedside readers for Machinists are a wonderful set of books written with great detail , wonderful drawings and clear instructions for anyone that has a home of business machineshop . Everyone with a lathe , mill or the desire to get these tools should have the full set . Clearly written with humor , the stories are fun to read also .
 The Saeco Primea One touch is a masterpiece of engineering . But I agree that it needs a lot of TLC . When dealing with milk there are issues with bacteria and also with sticky film that will clog the system . It seems that the machine is asking too much of rinsing milk circuit but in fact this is only to prevent problems associated with handling milk . I also agree that at the beginning there is a smell and taste of some plastic parts . In facts it is the chemical used to disinfect the machine and protect it from bacteria during the time it leaves the factory till it is put to use . This taste and smell will disappear with time . I suggest that all the plastic parts should be washed in soapy water except for the brew group that should only be rinsed with tap water . Also for the first week leave all the plastic containers outside the machine and all the doors opened . One last recommendation
 Positive Product PointsIt 's like a vending machine for your home or office . The Primea Touch Plus has many new features , never seen before on any SuperAutomatic espresso machine . The Primea Touch plus is considered an Ultra-Automatic rather than a Super-Automatic . The Color Touch Screen is an industry first , as is the One Touch up and down , motor-driven drip beverage plate . The coolest feature are the one-touch cappuccino , latte , and espresso macchiato features . Easy to use and program . Most of my guests say that the Primea looks like it is ready for take-off in the house , citing that it 's appearance is spaceship-like . It comes with four COLOR manuals , a thick recipe book , and an easy to watch DVD to get started right away . I think it looks gorgeous in any operating environment ! This machines gives Jura/Capresso a real run for the money!Negative Product PointsWhile the Primea Touch Plus has many positive features , like any high-end product , it is not without drawbacks . Most buyers will wish the price would be lower ; however , with as many technical innovations and features , the price is somewhat justified . I wish the machine had an all metal body ; however , the machine already weighs almost 40 lbs by itself , with a composite body . The Cup Warmer gets very hot , so make sure not to make contact with it after thirty minutes or so . Drip Tray is on the smallish side ; however for hermitic reasons , it is important to keep the brewing compartment clean.Detailed CommentaryThe Saeco Primea Touch Plus is by a long-shot -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , the most innovative and futuristic products ever produced by Saeco . The avant-garde looks and stylish color user interface simply illuminate your whole java experience.It is easy to use ! The color touch screen really simplifies daily operation . It is very clear and precise , easy to read , and of course , informative . You simply press an icon on the screen and you get what you want . If you want a cappuccino , press cappuccino and that 's what comes out . You can program all of the icons to make your favorite beverage . You can adjust for milk & froth volume , coffee strength and coffee volume . It is truly simple to master the art of espresso , or at least master your favorite beverage with the Primea . One touch operation ! It could n't be more elementary.I will first explain the individual features below , then proceed to discuss how wonderful the Primea actually is in terms of simplicity and making delicious coffee ... Warm up is a real breeze . Simply Press the `` ok '' icon on the color touch-screen to begin your experience , waking the machine from stand-by mode . The machine is ready to rock-and-roll in well under a minute , thanks to the upgraded stainless steel dual boiler system!With Primea , the Power Switch is obsolete ! I suggest leaving the machine powered on all the time . Instead of using the power button for on and off purposes , simply power it up unless you plan to leave the machine dormant for a few days or so . The Primea Touch Plus has sophisticated electronics inside which save energy when the machine is not being used . The Primea simply goes into `` Stand-by '' mode . The boilers power down when the machine is on stan-by therefore the machine is using hardly any power at all . The screen will dim when the machine is in stand-by mode ; however , do n't be concerned , LCD touch-screen is absolutely safe to leave on consistently . The modern technologies that are used to implement such technology allow for extreme longevity of the screen . The software built into the primea allows the machine to wake promptly from stand-by . You can program the machine to go into stand-by mode after a set amount of time has elapsed -LRB- 15 minutes to 3 hours ! -RRB- . Set some cups on the cup warming surface . The cup warmer on the Primea Touch Plus gets so very hot ! Wonderful for preheating your cups -LRB- set them upside-down on it -RRB- . Be warned though , that the surface does get hot enough to burn you . This is the hottest cup warming surface I have ever used on an espresso machine . It 's purpose is obvious and it works ! Cup warmer can be programmed to be on or off -LRB- depending on stand-by -RRB- . Have your hopper full of beans ! It will hold enough beans to last a couple of weeks . The bean hopper has a unique seal around the cover , such that when closed , it provides a secure seal to insure your beans remain fresh during their brief stay in the hopper . When the hopper door is opened , a message appears on the screen to warn you . The machine will also warn you when it is time to add more beans to the hopper . The hopper lid is unique in that it is spring loaded and `` glides '' open gracefully when you press the button to open the door . Hopper also contains the Pre-ground dose , which has been artistically machined into the Saeco logo atop the machine . The aromatic smell of fresh-brewed coffee emanates from the pre-ground doser .64 oz Water tank is no slouch . The Primea holds alot of water , it 's like the water-buffalo of espresso machines . The water tank is kept hidden on the left side of the machine in an easily removable compartment . The machine will tell you when it is time to add more water.Aqua Prima filtration system . The machine includes one Saeco Aqua Primea Filter which aids in the removal of harmful deposits and scale that build-up over time inside your machine . You will really want to protect your investment by using the Aqua Prima filter . The replacement filters are not expensive and they provide matchless protection against contamination inside your machine . Besides , you want the water infused with your beans to be of the highest quality for the best enjoyment of your beverage . The only caveat here is that you MUST prime the machine , prior to installing the prima filter . Priming your machine is basically allowing water to pass through all pipes and circuits in your machine prior to first use . The primea will do this automatically for you ; however , do NOT install the filter before allowing the machine to fully prime itself . When you decide to install the cartridge -LRB- easily done with included tool -RRB- , simply enter the menu and `` Activate '' your Aqua Prima Filter . In doing so , the machine will prime all circuits again and prime the Aqua Prima Filter.About Ceramic Grinders . These are the latest innovation patented by Saeco . What makes the Ceramic Disc grinder so great ? Consistency ! Unlike conical burr grinders , found in most super-automatic espresso machines , the actual grind is consistent , which means all the flakes produced during the grinding process are the same size which allow for the most enjoyable cup of espresso/coffee from any machine ! Ceramic Grinders are quiet and very durable . Extremely easy to clean and maintain , it will outlast your new BMW.For bean selection , try to choose beans that are not oily . Oily beans mean more routine maintenance . What are oily beans ? 4bucks -LRB- you know the company -RRB- , has an espresso roast that is a royal example of what not to use in an espresso machine . If you can run your hands through the beans and oils remain on your fingers , they are far too oily for use in your machine . Try to choose beans that are of GOOD quality , meaning all of the oils have not been leached outside of the bean -LRB- where the flavor is -RRB- . Beans that are not over roasted are divine . There are a vast number of options in the land of good beans ! Lavazza has a large variety of inexpensive , tasty selections ! Generally , the less expensive the bean , the lower the quality . Compare this to buying cheap gas for your car . Your machine will run better by selecting a good bag of beans : - -RRB- The Dregs Drawer - the spent portions of coffee . The Primea has a neat compartment on the right side of the machine that contains the spent portions of coffee . Think of it as an espresso machine trash can . This only needs to be emptied after you make 24 drinks with the Primea . It has an absolutely large dump box . I recommend placing a folded paper towel at the bottom of the dump box to absorb the water from the spent portions -LRB- or `` pucks '' -RRB- , this way when you empty it , they fly out into the trash can and do n't leave a watery mess behind . The machine will display a message when it is time for the dregs drawer to be emptied.Cleaning and Rinsing Cycles are built-in . Just as you perform the milk rinsing/cleaning cycle as mentioned below , the primea has a built-in rinsing cycle that activates upon warm-up to flush all residual coffee out of the circuit and warm the internal circuits for brewing . A few ounces of water will flow from the machine when it awakes from stand-by . The machine also has a cleaning cycle for the coffee `` department '' whereby you can use a cleaning tablet to remove residual oils from the brew group and internal circuits . You can do this any time you desire , through the maintenance menu.Removable Brew Group versus Internal Brew Group , ... One principal comparison factor for the Saeco machines in contrast to a Jura / Capresso machine is the brew group . On the Saeco , you can easily remove the brew group -LRB- Stored behind a door on the machine -RRB- for easy weekly rinsing . You can lubricate the moving parts of the removable Saeco brew groups easily and this should be done about once every two months or so . With an internal brew group , you can not remove it for cleaning and you can not lubricate the moving parts . You must send it in for repair -LRB- which is common amongst Jura machines -RRB- . Removable Brew Groups tend to be the deciding factor for many folks when considering which machine to buy . Perhaps you may agree that it is easier and far more productive -LRB- and cost effective -RRB- to clean and maintain your brew group at home . It takes only a few moments and prevents build-up of coffee debris . You should see what the inside of a Jura looks like after a year ! You want to avoid sending your product for service and with a Jura / Capresso , sending your product in for service is sure expectation . Yes , Jura/Capresso can clean itself ; however , the Primea cleans itself in multiple ways through automatic rinsing and cleaning programs AND you have the OPTION to clean the brew group by rinsing at the sink in concert with the automatic programs . Automatic and Manual Options are always better than only automatic options . This makes the Saeco product the clear champion in terms of reliability and service life.Milk Cartridges ? Yes , it includes two milk cartridges . Forget siphoning milk from a tube or using a steam wand , You simply keep one cartridge for milk and one for rinsing . Fill the cartridge that has the cappuccinatore in it , with milk -LRB- it 's obvious which one that is -RRB- . Fill the secondary cartridge with water , to be used during the milk circuit rinsing cycle . The machine will tell you when it wants to clean the milk circuit -LRB- generally after twenty minutes of use -RRB- and it is paramount that you allow it to clean itself . Milk goes bad really easy , and the Primea has many breakthrough technologies that you will not find on a Jura/Capresso model . It uses nano-technology to keep the milk circuit sanitary . Cleaning the milk circuit could not be easier , simply insert the water cartridge when asked to perform the rinse . The color touch-screen will walk you through the entire process , to ensure you do not get perplexed in the process . The key word here is `` EASY '' ! Every fourteen days or so , the machine will ask you to perform the milk `` Cleaning Cycle , '' this is different from the `` rinsing cycle '' in that it fully automates the hermetic cleaning process of the entire milk lining system inside the machine . Simply insert a cleaning tablet -LRB- included with the machine and easy to reorder -RRB- , in the milk cartridge -LRB- the one with the cappuccinatore -RRB- and follow the on-screen instructions . I make it sound much more complex than it really is , believe me.What 's Neat?The LED Lighted Beverage Tray illuminates your beverages . While it 's not intended to brew in the dark , you can . The Primea will light up the whole front side , which adds to the elegance of an already alluring product.The Beverage Tray is Motorized ! While not revolutionary , it is certainly a welcome advance of engineering . You can use a travel mug or a shot glass , size does n't matter as the Primea is capable of accommodating an espresso demitasse or something you would take with you in the car . Adjusting the motorized beverage tray could not be more simple either ! Just a light touch of the front of the drip tray moves it up or down!Cafe Del Mondo ! -LRB- Cafe of the World -RRB- There is unique little Italian cafe built right into the software of your Primea , you can make a true Italia Ristretto , Cappuccino , and many other delicious recipes directly from Cafe Del Mondo menu . It 's like ordering right off of a menu . Just choose the one you want.SBS Brew System . The Saeco Brew System allows you to control the volume of water that passes through your shot , right at the head ! You can restrain the water output by simply during a dial , awesome for espresso and paramount for ristretto . Increase the volume by turning the dial to the left , for an American style coffee . Most users will leave this dial right in the center.Quality of the parts and durability ... The primea has been tried and true in europe for a couple years now . The product that we are getting in the United States is the most updated , recent revisions of the product , not a first-run product launch . What 's the point ? The machine has been tested , tested and tested again for absolute perfection so that is just what you get when you buy a Primea Touch Plus . It 's an all-in-one coffee shop in box . The Primea uses the most durable and heavy-duty `` j '' style stainless-steel boilers matched with heavily lined , commercial quality tubes and internal componentry . Though Primea is expensive , alot of thought , design and ingenuity went into the production of this product . In short , you really are getting what you are paying for . Only the heaviest , most substantial parts went into this product and Saeco stands by it with a full two year warranty to back it up . Due to it 's extremely high level of preceision and quality , you will likely never need to send it in for repair . DO make sure that you are following the instructions however . Make sure that you perform the simple descaling cycle when the machine tells you to . Make sure that you perform the cleaning cycles as mentioned in the book , and as the machine instructs you to do so . Properly maintaining this product will allow you to enjoy years of high quality espresso beverages and coffee drinks . It is not uncommon for Saeco SuperAutomatics to last for a decade , granted the maintenance is carried out routinely ... and maintenance is so simple and brisk paced ! This goes for any product , take care of it and it will take care of you : - -RRB- The Primea includes an accessory kit in the box called `` Caffeeling '' which contains thick color manuals and a large recipe book , which elegantly explains the world of coffee . This machine is for the true coffee connoisseur . Watch the DVD that is included in the box to further understand your machine better . It is about thirty minutes in duration , but it will allow you to master the Primea without having to reach out to the user manuals . It is so simple to use , you 'll be like a kid at Christmas upon opening the box.For more information view saeco primea -LSB- ... -RSB- Sorry for the long commentary , I just tend to get excited over the Primea . I have really enjoyed mine ever since I have had the opportunity to own one . Please direct any questions to me , I am glad to provide any answers or respond to any comments you may have , -LSB- ... -RSB- Buying ExperienceI own a coffee company and this review is by no means a ploy for advertisement . This is simply my review of my personal selection for a home espresso machine product . Please do not consider this review as an attempt to bring potential buyers to our website . I think the Primea Touch Plus is an excellent option for many people no matter where it is purchased .
 Hi , First off i would like to say that i own 2 Saeco Magic Deluxes . The first Magic De Luxe was bought 16 years ago and still works to this date . I also own 2 saeco incanto sirius . The Saeco Primea touch plus is my newest addition and its wonderful . I rate it a 20/10 . Coffee and Espresso is much stronger than in the previous saecos that i have owned . Also the Coffee 's and Espresso 's are much hotter . -LSB- ... -RSB- ***** Putting all aside , I have an issue with Jura not being able to make the same tasting plain cup of coffee using the same parameters as the Saeco.If you dont get coffee flow from the nozzle of the Saeco thats your reminder do the maintenance or if it takes much longer to ' make a cup of coffee green light goes up that the brew group needs rinsing . ***** If you dont do this your Saeco will not make coffee and you will think its broken ... when really its not . The Brew group just needs to be cleaned.I would advise any readers to not believe a single one of the 1/5 reviews , as the reviewers clearly dont own this machine.As for the looks this machine looks incredible compared to my other Saeco 's . This is the only super automatic on the market with a color touchscreen and it really looks amazing . The froth that this machine produces is unbelievable . Not watery at all . Very foamy :-RRB- . I would highly recommend the Saeco Primea Touch Plus . Very pleased with my machine and worth every penny.Would be more than happy to answer any questions .
 This machine produces a fantastic coffee and the fact that we can choose to use whole bean or ground -LRB- for family and friends who only drink decaf -RRB- is a bonus . I also love that we can make coffee after coffee with no mess and very little maintenance . Whether it is an Americano or a Latte this machine does it perfect every time .
 Works as expected . Nothing particularly spectacular about it to give it a full 5 stars . Nice to setting out the next day 's outfit .
 It was everything I was hoping
 I use these knives every day . I think I 've had them already for 3 years without any problems in performance .
 I gave this set to relatives who requested a couple of knives since their old knives were dull . I currently have a Henckles set of knives that have served me well for many years so I looked for this brand in particular . I found this set with a knife block which makes a nicer gift than just a couple of knives.Anyway , they were pleasantly surprised with these knives and were able to retire their old ones . They also said the knives are very sharp . Although it might not seem like a sexy gift , I 'm glad it 's something they really needed , liked and will be able to use for years to come.PROS : - A practical item for everyday use that will last for years . - Nice presentation in the knife block - Very sharp - Reasonably pricedCONS : - None that I know of
 OMG the knives are fantastic , I have been looking for a good knife set for years . They are exactly what I wanted , very sharp and a variety of blades to choose from .
 everything arrived on time and was in great shape . The knife set was a gift and was recieved with great thanks . Good knives
 Finally treated myself to some quality kitchen knives and these are fine quality . I do n't know why I waited so long .
 This set of knives was purchased as a gift . The recipient , who is a formally trained chef , is very pleased with them .
 Sturdy set , used pretty much all the knives , they 're serrated so sharpening it out of the question . Probably could have found a cheaper set though that did the job or more knives for the same price . Bought it cause it was on their warehouse deals .
 These are the best pair of knives I have ever owned . They stay sharp and do the job they are designed for . If I ever had to buy a set of knives for a friend or relative this would be the one .
 These are amazing knives that are so sharp they cut easily through thin plastic cutting sheets , so BE CAREFUL ! I 've also cut myself on the points while washing them . The only beef I have with them is that the points have bent on some of them with little pressure , and on one knife the tip actually broke off . Again , BE CAREFUL ... The block I received does n't match the block on the box , and has a space for scissors . Even after returning the set , the new set I received had the same block again . In this block , the longest knife protrudes out the bottom -LRB- not so far that it hits the counter , but you could get cut moving it around if you happen to grab the bottom of the block . BE CAREFUL ... -RRB- I 've had them in heavy use for 6 mos , not long enough to test the eversharp edge . My Regent Sheffield eversharps are 20 years old and still sharp without sharpening . They were never as sharp as these Henckels , though !
 Great knives , have had for over 2 years now . I cook a lot and really wanted a good knife in the kitchen . These have good comfortable handles , easy to cut , strong thick metal blades , etc. . It 's definatley not the expensive version of Henckels , but great quality & economical . I 've compared other versions in same price range at the stores and these have the best blades and handles . Also a plus is the `` Eversharp '' blade - I love it because I never have to sharpen a knife again , it 's always sharp , they cut great . As with any knife they should never go in the dishwasher , but we place ours in the dishwasher from time to time and have never had any problems . I would definatley recommend .
 I bought these knives for my wife . She loves them . I did n't realize at the time that they were all serrated knives , which rules out sharpening , but they are plenty sharp and the serrations work well for most purposes . They have a good look and feel to them . The serration type varies according to the intended use of the knife . Some have ultra fine serrations for paring or slicing while others have more broad serrations for slicing bread , etc. . Henckles obviously put some thought into the design of the various serration methods . If you ca n't resist cutting on a surface that will ruin a serrated knife -LRB- such as tile , porcelain , metal , etc. -RRB- , then these are not for you , but if you can bring yourself to use cutting boards , they will be great and stay very sharp.If you are looking for a good set of knives that do n't cost an arm and a leg , do n't know how to properly sharpen a knife and want a quality knife that is sharp , I would recommend them . - Ben
 I bought these as a christmas gift for my boyfriend and could n't be happier . They might not be the knives for a professional chef , but they are perfect for anyone who wants a high-quality everyday knife set for the kitchen .
 This is overall a nice set of knives , good weight and they do n't bend too much . Henckels International means `` made in China or Taiwan '' not Germany but overall it is a nice set . I have used it for several months now and even wash them in the dishwasher with no stains or rust showing up . If you are the person who wants the German name this is not for you but if you want a knife that is sharp and ready to use every day , give them a try .
 This set was a great value for the price . All the knives are still very sharp after a year of everyday use . We also bought the steak knives at the same time and they also have maintained sharpness .
 I had this knife set sent to my son . He was delighted with it ! Henckels has a good reputation and these knives are a great way for a young guy to start outfitting his kitchen .
 If you are on a budget , but are sick of blunt knives , these are great . I 'm a hobby cook but I 'm also a law student so I do n't have $ 150 to spend on one Wusthof . This is a good price for good knives and they serve me really well . As my finger can attest , they are super sharp . It 's also a good variety , I use every single knife . If you have to cut stuff , then you will want to cut stuff with these .
 Great value . As another reviewer stated , this item does shed a lot initially . I recommend that emptying the lint trap in the dryer a few times during the first few laundering 's to prevent any fire hazards . This is a very tightly woven and warm blanket . The diamond pattern is very pretty .
 This is the second time I have ordered this blanket . It is warm and made well , and beautiful to boot ! I got the deep , rich dark blue and it is exactly what I wanted . I personally use these as chair covers for our huge LazyBoy chairs and they are terrific . Highly recommended .
 Nice , lightweight blanket for use in the summer . Well made and durable .
 I love this product . Both kids and grownups think it 's comfortable and it takes up very little room when deflated .
 The poster is just a poster . It is nice quality and durable . It arrived very quickly . It definitely helps rekindle my love for the Avalanche while I 'm away at college , plus it looks good in my dorm room.This is a great buy , do n't think twice about it.GO AVS !!!
 Nice hangers . Well made and sturdy . Full sized for large clothes . Excellent service from the vendor .
 Very girly , but very sturdy . Large enough for a good sized sauce pan . Thin enough to store away with out taking up so much room .
 This trivet is little bit pricey , but it 's very durable . Also , the surface is non-slippery . It 's much better than the tile trivet which gets slppery when wet .
 The glaze on my ramekins are n't cracking . I also hand-wash . I got the red ones and BOY ! are they red ! Very pretty color and very striking on the table serving anything from a creme brulee , grated cheese , to olives . Very pretty next to white plates . They take the oven and freezer well , and are easy to clean.Highly recommended and worth the money .
 ` Cook 's Illustrated ' claims the ideal Ramekin should be 4 '' wide in order to enjoy the toasted sugar effect of ` cr&egrave;me brl&eacute;e ' . These pretty ones are 3 '' wide . I am not certain about the cracking issue raised . These claim to be microwave and dishwasher safe .
 My mother is a 15 year survivor of breast cancer . I was attracted to this item for that reason to support other women and their families who are experiencing this life altering event.I am writing the review because aside from the cause , the item its self works wonderfully , It fits well in my hand , it bends to scrape a bowl with brownies in it perfectly but , is not floppy like some items of a similar type are . The cause is great but the item is worth the purchase aside from the cause.My children who have a form of Autism have been asking me why I 'm buying many pink cooking tools , it has given me the chance to talk to them about the cause , charity and to show them that charity really does start at home .
 Anytime you can Cook for the Cure you should . All Kitchenaid products are quality and make cooking easy ! And who can resist pink !
 As with all kitchen aide products , this spatula will hold up to many years of use . And the handle is substantial so it is easy to hang on to . I do n't think this one will disintegrate like all my other spatulas seem to .
 I 've lost count of the number of spatulas/scrapers I 've thrown away . They melt or the rubber loosens and the parts separate . I ordered this one because I trust Kitchenaid . -LRB- and who does n't want to donate to a good cause while making good yummies ... ? -RRB- As an avid baker and cook , I could n't be more pleased . Kitchenaid delivers solidly made products that I continue to invest in , and this is no exception . Like other reviewers , I found the spatula 's action to be a little stiffer than I expected , but that 's easily adapted to . -LRB- A little resistance can be an asset when scraping thick doughs anyway -RRB- The grip is comfortable , and the highly heat resistant silicone means I do n't have to worry about my house mates melting it . This is definitely my scraper tool of choice.The only issue that lowers this product 's rating ? The head is removable . I 'd actually prefer that it be of solid construction . I have had similar spatulas , and with extended use and washing , the heads have always gotten too loose and fallen off the handles . Not to mention that if water or foodstuffs get trapped in the opening or if its not properly cleaned or dried , bacteria can fester inside . Yuck ! -RRB- In Kitchenaid 's defense , this does n't look as if it will happen for a long while , and given Amazon 's affordable prices and Kitchenaid 's reliability , I would n't mind buying another one , if it comes to that . -LRB- and some more for friends ... -RRB-
 i love kitchen tools and i love new spatulas.i 'm impressed with the durabilaty of this spatula . margaret .
 As always , Amazon has great products , and a quick delivery . Since it 's Kitchenaid , I know that I can rely on the quality of of this little tool .
 I recieved this spatula from my grandmother about 2 years ago and fell in love ! Since then , I have purchased three others simply because I use them to cook almost everything . They are perfect for my nonstick pans , baking and are very soft and flexible , yet sturdy enough to be used as a spoon and to stir things . I also do not have to worry about constantly watching them becuase they will not melt up to 500 degrees .
 this is a great spatula/spoon ... I would rate it equivalent to the Pampered Chef ones that I love so much ... it is flexible , heat resistant , and I use it for everything from scraping bowls to mixing to scrambling eggs to serving ... it is easy to clean ... the only issue I have with this product is that the packaging does not state whether or not it is dishwasher safe , so I have been hand washing it just in case it is not ... overall , a great product with many uses , and pink for a cure for cancer ... who can resist ???
 I was looking for a new silicone spatula to replace the one I currently use when I found this . It was so pretty and appears to be well-made . However , due to the consistent pink throughout the handle and spatula head I was expecting sealed construction , but instead the handle comes of the spatula head of this just like most spatulas . I like the new spatulas that have a steel core and silicone overlay because bacteria can not become trapped in the place where the handle gets inserted into the spatula . For that reason I knocked off a star , but regardless , it 's for a great cause because 10 % of the retail price gets donated to the Susan G. Komen Foundation . Also , the spatula is fairly stiff , so depending upon the flexibility you are seeking , this may or may not be the spatula for you . Also , Kitchenaid Cook for the Cure has a set of kitchen utensils , KitchenAid Cook for the Cure 6-Piece Utensil Set , Pink , but those are only plastic instead of silicone , so this is a nicer spatula than the one that comes in the set .
 The length of this silicone spoon spatula is about 11 '' long , and I find it 's little bit too short . It would have been better if it 's 2 '' longer . Other than that , it 's very durable , and functional .
 This is a very sturdy , well made , and cute Spoon . My wife insisted on it because of the pink color . Actually , I bought 3 of them and they are very nice . Not too heavy .
 I like this spatula and the shovel-type blade . You can actually use this as a spoon for lighter cake batters -LRB- like angel food cake -RRB- It 's a good weight and has a nice handle . The only thing I do n't like is the connections on the handle . It 's not an integrated piece but separate components that are fit together . Food can get trapped in between the parts .
 This KitchenAid Cook for the Cure pink spatula is everything I was looking for ! It is very good quality , sturdy and the perfect length and size . I also love the look of it ! I use it every single day and it cleans up so easily . I really love it !
 Got it just before the holidays so I used it for all my cooking/baking needs . In fact , it 's been out of the drawer so many times that I frequently have trouble finding it . Price was right too and delivery was speedy . Saw one just like it in a utensil store at an outlet mall and the price -LRB- less shipping/handling -RRB- was more at the outlet store . I 'm very happy with my purchase !!!!
 was very satisfied with product . would high recommend purchase to anyone and it supports cancer research.ty
 This is one of the cutest drawing that I 've seen to date of my two favorite Disney characters . It 's whimsy will lighten an otherwise uneventful day .
 I bought this for my 5 year old son who started school this year . He is able to set the alarm himself and he really likes that he can press the snooze button to see the time during the middle of the night.My son also likes that a random sound wakes him every morning . Most of the sounds are funny or interesting -LRB- although one sound is a little scary -RRB- . All in all this is a very kid-friendly alarm clock.With the help of this clock , my son has awakened on his own every morning without help . It is also reasonably priced . Thank you Timex !
 My kids love this clock ! We bought it for my 6 yr old , but it somehow makes its way into my 3 yr old 's room every day . We have to go hunting for it every night ! So he is getting one for his birthday . My daughter loves to make us guess which noise wakes her up each morning . What a fun way to get your children used to an alarm clock . I highly recommend this product for any age .
 My son desperately wanted an alarm clock that he can do himself . This one is easy for him to set -LRB- with some help the first couple of times -RRB- and he enjoys being awoken by it . The alarm tones vary each morning which makes getting up fun ! I think it is a great value . We are very happy with it !
 Bought this clock when my son was starting school at age 5 and he still uses it now at age 10 . Easy to work and has very cute sounds instead of an annoying beep . The only draw back was it has one sound effect that is a little spooky laugh and at age 5 it scared him a little bit at first . He got over it pretty quick after listening to it during the day a few times
 Great coordinate with the whole set -- the quality is wonderful . I love this company , and especially this set !
 I have n't been able to check on them in a while but so far so good . Package arrived in a timely manner . I thought most were dead because they were n't moving around that much . But checking on them a week later , and they all seem to be doing their jobs .
 I had a vase similar to this that I bought locally . I wanted to send it to my mom but was worried about shipping and breakage . I found this one online so much cheaper than what I had paid and had it sent out . My mom loved it and says it 's beautiful . It came quickly as well .
 This teapot has been perfect for me , just the right size . I wanted to be able to make a cup of tea and a pot big enough for two more cups , or rather mugs . I get two 10-11 ounce cups from this . Not to mention I love the design . I 've had it almost two months and it is holding up well .
 Sturdy material and perfect size to hang on your door . Reasonably priced and awesome quality !! Would definately buy fromt his company again !
 I like the sturdiness of these utensils . They do not bend like some cheaper versions do . To me , they are worth the price . I have purchased many Kitchen Aid items and find they are all made to last . I love the color too ! Cook for the cure !!
 I love these tools , they match my kitchen perfectly ! They are very sturdy and do n't bend . The only thing that I would have to say I do n't like is that if you scooped , say , red pasta sauce with a spoon , it immediatly stains the spoon -LRB- a little if you rinse it right away and a lot if you leave it in the pot with the sauce -RRB- . I also use the spatula for cooking eggs and I 've noticed that the end of the spatula is stained yellow a bit .
 I find this to be an excellent product and will soon make another purchase .
 I 'm very fond of the Blue Willow pattern and thought that this piece would not only look attractive but was an absolute steal at such a low price . Well , it 's so pretty that I 've had it for months now and although is really sturdy and well crafted , I 've never had the heart to cook in it ! Instead , it sits on my stovetop as a decorative showpiece . If you love Blue Willow , do n't pass this one up .
 I purchased this product and think it is great ! . We had a delonghi toaster for a short while , and it never failed to burn toast , bagels or anything else we put in it . It could never regulate the temperature . Would NEVER buy another Delonghi product . This product toasts evenly and perfect , bakes to perfection and rotisseries a small chicken or game hen evenly . . It has a little handle pull for the racks and trays which make removing a pizza or larger items easy , and a full size bottom crumb rack . The rotisserie attachment is easy to insert or remove . Makes toast in a reasonable amount of time . The best part is
 I bought this convection oven to replace a 12 + year old Black and Decker toaster oven . I had the advantage of being able to see this oven in person and compare it to other models before I purchased it . For under $ 50 this oven offered a reasonable set of features and style for the price . So far it has operated to my satisfaction.The oven comes with a single wire rack , a sturdy cooking tray , a spit for the rotisserie feature , a tray/rack handle , another handle to remove the spit from the oven with hot food on it , and a very shallow crumb tray . I wish it had another wire rack for cooking more at once . It would be nice if the interior was made of a non stick surface to help with cleaning . It does however claim to be `` self cleaning '' though this is n't well described in the manual . I also think it would be nice if the tray/rack/spit handles were more substantial rather than just being made of a heavy guage chromed wire/rod material.The oven has three `` convection '' modes for the heating elements . Broil -LRB- top elements only -RRB- , Bake -LRB- bottom elements only -RRB- , Toast -LRB- top and bottom elements -RRB- . It has a temperature control that goes from 225 - 480 -LRB- Ferenheight -RRB- , and a 60 minute mechanical timer with a bell when time runs out . The timer is what turns the oven on and off . All the controls are well marked and easy to understand so operation is basic and simple.Other reviewers here have complained about the smell when the oven is first used . This is described in the manual , and they warn that there will be some smell at first . It was quite strong during this `` burn in '' period , but I have n't noticed it again since . Other reviewers have also complained about the stainless steel handle on the front of the oven door being too hot . I have not noticed this to be a problem and wonder if perhaps there is a problem with their unit.The oven IS lightly constructed and does n't have a whole lot of insulation in the body so it DOES get hot on the top and sides while in operation . Users should be well aware that they should NOT leave items on top of the oven or against any side of the oven while it is in operation . However this light construction does lend itself well to being able to move the oven for use in a variety of situations . I believe it would be well suited to using outside on my covered portch during the summer so I do n't heat up the house when I want to bake something.When compared with other convection ovens of similar size and feature sets the value of the Emerson Countertop Convection Oven was exceptional . I 'm happy with my purchase , and now only time will tell how much value I will actually receive for my money .
 My husband and I purchased this unit a year ago and have used it lots and lots since then with no real issues . We liked it so much we purchased two for our family members this year ! Upon reading some of the other reviews both here and at the Target website , I noticed some things I wanted to address . We have n't had any trouble with the correct temperature for the correct amount of time issue mentioned . Because it is a smaller unit than a conventional oven , if you are constantly opening the oven to check on things the unit will loose a little heat each time . It would be nice to have a light in it though to check on what 's cooking . The semi-awkward position of the racks when pulled out halfway because of the rotisserie takes a little getting used to . I just keep that in mind and keep a firm hold on the rack -LRB- using an oven mitt -RRB- if there is a heavy item on it . Next we know that the oven gets HOT and that even though the handle is not hot , the portion directly attached to the glass will be . The toaster oven is not as insulated as a conventional oven would be . I understand why they have the warning labels on the hair dryers asking you not to bath with them while they are plugged in after reading some of the reviews . I can however understand the issue of appliances not working like they used to . I do agree it 's become a quantity over quality world now . Overall we are very pleased and hope that our family members whom have all commented on how great ours looks likes them . We had also done a lot of research before buying it and for the price it 's fabulous . Good luck with you search for a toaster oven and hope this helps .
 There 's a big sticker on the top of the oven WARNING that it gets hot . For it 's size and capacity it functions well , especially for warming and cooking small portions .
 This is a good energy saver , and saves in summer by not producing more heat in the house as well . I can cook a roast chicken and a quiche at the same time -- it is just big enough . Browns and does the best roast chickens . What it is not as good for is broiling -- not like a small toaster oven . And you may still want a toaster over or a toaster -- still , it is a five star item .
 I had been looking for a table and chair set for over a year and I happened to check out Target 's selection online . I was nervous to buy the natural set online without actually seeing it in person . I ended up going to our local Target and I checked out some of the coordinating pieces . When it arrived , my husband and I were able to put it together easily within an hour and the instructions were very clear . It was quick and easy . I am very pleased with the quality of the product and what a great price . I highly recommend it !
 My daughter and wife bought this set a few years ago when cloth seats were available . It has lasted 3.5 years with twin boys from jumper seats to 3.5 years old . Only problem was we had to replace the pads when they worn out . Otherwise , a good investment for the little money .
 I thought I would have shipping problem as other had , but the table arrive without any problem . The assembly is straight forward . It took my 2hours to put every thing together .
 The styling of this table is amazing ! The table is made of a quality wood and is quite sturdy . We love it . Target was very helpful with concerns that we had . Once again , Target has come through with a beautiful piece of furniture at a reasonable price . Thanks !
 I ordered this table online this summer . I must say it is even better than I expected . We always get compliments on it , and I feel like the construction is solid . It was shipped to our house , and it was in perfect shape when it arrived . It was also easy to put together . I give it a definite thumbs up !
 My mom bought this set online when it was on sale , I saw it for the first time this past weekend and I have to say ... WOW ! It 's so beautiful ! MUCH better than I expected ! The chairs are quite comfortable , and there is plenty of room . I highly recommend this set ... especially when it goes on sale !
 I bought my table when it was on sale months ago . I would look at it on-line every day , trying to decide if I should risk such a large , expensive purchase to the internet . My table arrived on time and in perfect condition . Hooray ! My boyfriend put it together for me ; he had no real complaints , other than the tool they give you being a bit small . I think it looks beautiful , and I am very happy that my risk resulted in a reward !
 What a wonderful table ! Super easy to put together -LRB- less than an hour -RRB- and looks great . Clean lines , nice wood . ... it was worth the wait .
 I ordered this table when it was on sale . I love it , it 's great and it was easy to put together !
 I 'm a big believer in on-line ordering . This table and chair set went into an apt I furnished for rent in NY . My property manager assembled it and called me immediately raving on and on about what a great table , solid wood , sturdy and easy to assemble ... . I actually found in on Amazon and read each review carefully . My husband thinks they are fake reviews but I assure you this one is not . This set can not be praised enough . It is even comfortable to sit at . -LRB- By the way , when we got to NY , my husband had nothing but compliments for the table . -RRB- Buy it , you wo n't be sorry , I promise . Wynndi
 I received it in less than a week and it took no time to put together . However , there was one damaged screw that prevented me from putting one of the chairs up immediately , but customer service was great and they sent me a replacement part free of charge within a few days !
 Very nice table , well built and solid . For the price , ca n't be beat .
 This table and chair set is exactly what I wanted . It 's attractive , easy to put together and solid . I 'm very happy with it . Toss in the price , and you ca n't beat it . ... In my case , the package arrived and I found a crack in the tabletop , as well as one of the chair legs . ... the end result is a great dining set and a great price .
 This arrived very quickly , triple boxed . Assembly was easy , most of it was already done . The wood is just beautiful , natural , with all kinds of interesting variations . The set is very sturdy and should last a long time , even in daily use . ... If you want a really nice , sturdy , simple set , for a fantastic price , this is it .
 After dealing with Customer Service & Fed Ex to finally getthe delivery , assembly took about 2 hours.Even with some screws missing , I was able to put togethera very sturdy table/chair set . It goes great inmy breakfast nook area !
 I love my new table and chairs . We put it together in about an hour and their were no scratches or dents . The delivery was simple . The table is perfect for my small dining area . It looks fabulous !
 Ordering a peice of furniture that is delivered unassembled online makes me weary . I was concerned that the chairs would not hold up under the weight of heavy people . IT DOES ! The table and chairs were simple to assemble , they look great , and it is very sturdy !
 I HAVE PUT TOGETHER MANY FURNITURE PARTS FROM BEDS TO DRESSERS . THIS HAS TO BE ONE OF THE MOST EASIEST TO PUT TOGETHER THE CHAIRS ARE FULL SIZE NOT SIZED DOWN DUE TO THE SIZE OF THE TABLE DO N'T LET THE SIZE OF THIS SET FOOL YOU IT IS AN EYE CATCHER AND VERY USEFUL . MY SON HAS ALREADY CLAIMED IT FOR HIS APARTMENT WHEN HE FINISHES COLLEGE . LOOKING FORWARD TO MANY USES OF THIS TABLE SET .
 I have 2 chairs with uneven legs -LRB- I fasten it while my wife sitting on it . so it was adjusted evenly as much as possible , they just did n't cut it even at the factory -RRB- that 's about my only complaints except the damage it took during the shipping -LRB- 4 corners of the table got grinded and chiped out -RRB- it 's leaps and bounds upgrade from ikea furnitures . that 's for sure . better material , better finish . highly recommmand it .
 I am very very pleased with this dining set . It gets full points for awesome contemporary style , excellent design , and easy assembly . Another example of why Target continues to be my favorite store.Pros ===== - Rubberwood that was used to build it - Strong , `` Timber '' feel , Eco-friendly . Yup , I did my research on this . - Very Stylish - Nice glossy finish - Great space saving design - Great value for the price - Can seat 6 if needed - Very easy to assemble -LRB- holes are pre-drilled -RRB- Cons ====== - Sorry to disappoint you ... they are no Cons.My friends and family who saw it love it , and asked me where I got it , and were surprised to know that such good quality comes from Target .
 This dining set is worth the money . -LRB- I paid $ 300 -RRB- . Solid wood , nice looking , compact , but the table is big enough to seat six if necessary . Easy to assemble -- nuts and bolts , no problem . -LRB- The holes are pre-drilled . -RRB- It looks great , the chairs are comfortable , the overall quality is good . I 'm very pleased .
 This dining set will be with me for a long time because it is VERY solid and looks GREAT ! The table and chairs do require assembly , which is a great way to see how well the set is built -LRB- be sure to borrow or buy a good cordless drill to make the job go quicker ... there are a lot of nuts and bolts -RRB- . I am very pleased to own this set .
 After reading the reviews of the dining set similar to this one , I was a bit nervous about what the condition of the package would be . There were a couple accounts of badly mangled packaging and marred wood , but I decided it was worth a shot . There was n't even a dented corner on the box , and the table was in perfect condition ! Assembly is fairly simple , and the whole set can be put together in an hour , with two people working on it.The only negative to the table is that where there are flaws in the wood , the recesses are filled in with a sandy yellow colored putty . It 's not * too * visible , but definitely not the best camouflage . If you 're a perfectionist , like I am , this might annoy you only until you remember how little you paid for the set . They did do a good job of sanding it down to a smooth finish.Target continues to be one of the best bang-for-your-buck stores !
 For such a low price , this is an awesome deal ! There are very few places to find the light/natural wood at a reasonable price . This set is sturdy enough for my boys ' daily use and looks attractive . Highly recommended !
 I was a little nervous about purchasing this kitchen table set . I am so very glad I bought it . It is so sturdy and a really beautiful set ! It matches my kitchen perfectly and is a nice size . My boyfriend put it together in about an hour . The chairs take the most time to get together . It was quite heavy upon delivery . The delivery was great ... only bad thing is getting an 8 hr time span for the delivery . Plan on sticking around home for an entire day . I give this table 5 stars and really love it !
 Purchased this table for an eat-in kitchen in a rental property I own , and had it shipped to the tenants . The tenants told me it was very easy to assemble , looked great , and is very sturdy .
 ... Assembly was easy - but , I like to assemble my own furniture and have done this with a variety of things and so am used to it . The directions were very easy and no additional tools are needed . It took me 40 minutes to assemble the table and two chairs and then another 15 minutes to assemble the other two chairs . -LRB- I am a 5 ' 4 petite female -RRB- The set is beautiful . I looked at so many online and in stores . I could n't belive how much some places were charging - ... spending less ... on an entire set was very satisfying but I worried that it would look and feel cheap . Not so . It is a solid , sturdy set . It is a little lighter looking than in the picture and not quite as glossy -LRB- both good things in my opinion -RRB- . The chairs wobble a bit -LRB- not when being sat on -RRB- , but I think I can fix that with some scuff pads.My husband is also satisfied with this set and he is a tough customer when it comes to chair sturdiness . We both think it is beautiful and are so happy with the entire experience .
 Great looking set for the money ! It matches well with our light maple cabinetry . Wood quality and stability is pretty good . Came well packed . Docking rating a notch for assembly . The assembly was easy to understand , but not easy to execute ... takes one person about an hour of hand cranking nuts and bolts .
 This set is beautiful . Heavy , natural wood , love the color and the weight . Since purchasing this set , have filled my home with this line from Target.com . There was a problem with this set , out of twenty-something purchases , this was the one and only . The hardware and two legs were missing . Target could not send the replacement parts , so they are sending another entire set -LRB- at no charge -RRB- so we can pick out what is needed to complete our set , then they will have the extra set picked up . Is that not absolutely awesome . Unfortunately , this type of customer service is all too rare . So buy with complete confidence , not only is the quality and workmanship great , but you have the support if you need it .
 I have been looking for a dinette set for a long time and thought it would be cheaper to get a second hand set . After much internet searching , I found this set on Target and realized I would n't have to go through the hassle of going to pick up a set but instead have it delivered to my door and carried up to my second floor apt . door . The price was n't bad either for a brand dinette set . ... the set is a good size and very sturdy .
 Arrived without a scratch or dent via UPS , despite having to be hauled up two flights of stairs by the delivery driver . Assembly was easy , but a little time consuming . I assembled the table in 15 minutes-the most difficult part of assembly was flipping the table upright . In retrospect , I should have asked someone to help me . It took me about 110 minutes to assemble everything and clean up . There were no extra pieces of hardware provided , so be careful not to lose anything.It 's very nice in appeance . I was dreading the & quot ; yellow putty , & quot ; but it 's really not prevalent or noticeable at all . The set is very simple , functional , and attractive-exactly what I like in furniture . It 's also a nice size for serving four people , and would accomodate 5 or 6 -LRB- but likely not comfortably -RRB- .
 I like the box . It 's very well made . It 's made of cedar and smells like it which is important to protect your ties.I 'm not sure that this is a practical way to store ties though . The box has two dividers which gives you three rows to store your ties in . The claim is that you can store up to 12 ties in the box which is about right . The problem is that you have to roll up each tie -LRB- if they are normally sized ties -RRB- tight in order to get four in each row . Now , once you get the four ties in the row if you take one out it 's highly likely that your going to have to fiddle with the other three when you go to put the tie back in.I think something with an individual slot for each tie would work much better .
 This is a great product , it is precisely what it claims to be , a ceder tie box . It has a nice ceder scent to it , and is sturdy enough to survive my dropping it at least once . Keep in mind that if you have thick ties the box wo n't hold as many as it looks like it will , but if you wrap them tight you can get about 5 per row .
 I am giving this four stars because I like it much more than a tie hanger , which seems to get jammed and bent in a closet.It misses the 5th star because unless you have some extremely thin , unlined ties . It is definitely not stackable . If it were about 2-3 inches taller , you could stack them and save a lot of space .
 Smells great , Serves its purpose , Neat , Organized , Simplistic . Nothing really else to say about it . It is just a good Tie Box .
 Exactly what my husband wanted . It worked well even though we did not know the exact dimensions , it worked well .
 Pretty good tie storage , the other reviewers are right though , 4 ties per slot is pushing it . If your ties are thick or long -LRB- mine are both -RRB- you 're really only going to get 3 per slot so 9 total . Still , it 's well made and smells really nice . I just ordered a second one so I 'll be covered for a while .
 Good value , I prefer this to a tie rack and there do n't seem to be many other options . It looks great on a dresser as it shows of your collection in a sort of sartorial way.The only problem is that there is a brass brand plate screwed on the front . They are not put on their with any precision , I have two boxes and its easy to see that one is crooked -LRB- or they both are -RRB- . For a item designed to organize men 's ties this is a very unfortunate , ironic oversight.That said it 's still recommended at this price . I may remove the plates and put on some of my own .
 We installed an Easy Track closet system in our Master closet . In the towers , we wanted the flexibility of shelves and drawers . In addition to solid drawers , we installed several of these baskets as well . They install easily and hold quite a bit as long as it 's not ridiculously heavy . The spaces between the wires are a little larger than I 'd like and you wo n't be able to put small things in this basket but that 's what the solid drawers are for !
 I love Amazon Prime . On top of getting these quickly , they worked great . We did n't use them with the modular closet they are designed for though . We had custom a closet built by our trim/hardwood guys during a remodel . They spaced shelves to 24 '' , so we were actually able to buy these baskets , drill & screw in the rails , then slide them in . A perfect fit !
 I bought this product for my daughter . She likes it very much . It is a very good quality product . The minor comment is that it does not have a lot of color selections to better match with our bed room .
 Ca n't do much better than this -- Cuisinart rarely disappoints in terms of looks or usability . In fact , this non-stick baking pan is downright handsome in a bakery sort of way . A really good size for general use .
 I probably never would have considered this pan but was doing a lot of baking one day and mentioned to my daughter that I could finish my work if I had one more loaf pan . She brought this one that she had just bought . WOW ! I immediately went to Amazon.com and ordered my own . If she asks that I return the one she brought over , I guess I 'll have to order another . That much difference and beautiful finished product from the oven .
 This set is absolutely beautiful . I love it ! It completes my son 's little kingdom !
 The colorful metal side support pillars with good quality hardboard shelves make for a very attractive unit providing space for a pleasing display of children 's toys . My son and his wife wanted another one after using the first shelf which looks and works great in the playroom where its ' sturdy , stable construction is appreciated .
 I love the look of this flatware . It 's beautiful , substantive , and looks great with a variety of dinnerware from very casual to semi-formal . The handles are heavy so utensils can topple over . I noticed this when using the larger spoon as a serving piece in a bowl . No problem on flat dishes . I 'm still unclear on whether the pewter is dishwasher safe . Horchow says so , but other sites recommend hand washing . Check out multiple sites for pricing . I 've seen them from $ 39.99 to $ 85 for a 5 piece place setting .
 If you want a very nice set of steak knives without spending over a thousand dollars , then this is a great set . I bought them as a gift for someone looking for wooden handle , large blade , heavy steak knives and he was thrilled to get them !
 I purchased this knife set for my daughters birthday . Both of us were very impressed with the quality of the presentation box and the knives . The knives may cost more than what is available at the local big-box stores but they are worth it .
 Soft and very comfortable on the skin . Does not pull the hair . Has a silk effect without the high price .
 Durable -LRB- 2 yrs old and still kicking -RRB- Comforatble -LRB- feels like a really soft cotton t-shirt -RRB- Great ValueWhen they go on sale and you can combine with a $ 25 off of $ 125 deal from Amazon , you cant go wrong . We have sheets that cost 2 and 3 times as much that we never use since we purchased these in 4 differnet colors.We like them so much that we bought a second set in each color and then some for family as a houseworming gift .
 Great , soft feeling , and they do n't wrinkle much from the dryer . Highly recommended !
 The Martex 300-Thread Count products are high quality at a low , low price . Price shop and you will find that the best price is on Amazon.com
 We bought the heather , burgundy , and navy blue pillow cases to do with our Martex sheet sets . They are the same excellent quality as the sheets -LRB- see my other review -RRB- . Recommend washing before using to remove sizing and excess dye .
 It is a very nice assencial to my collection and I have fun using it .
 Nice , heavy weight . Would have preferred that the gridwork be a bit `` tighter '' -- knife points and fork tines want to poke through it . It 's doing a great job of separating the many small utensils and sharp knives that must share the same large drawer in our new kitchen . Would suggest this could also be used in a sewing room , crafts room , workshop , etc. .
 This is a good pan for the price ! I wanted to give our daughters something to start with in this type of cookware , but thought Le Creuset a tad too expensive . I liked it enough to add one to my collection of cookware too ! My only complaint ... there are no instructions for care and usage included and no warranty or manufacturer information anywhere . Amazon has been useless in helping me find the information I need , BTW . Still , for $ 50 this is a good pan to get !
 Just what I order but a little small . Excellent fast service will order again from seller .
 A GREAT ITEM ! WHAT TOOK SO LONG FOR ANYONE TO COME UP WITH THIS ?
 There 's one huge problem with these reliable Interlocking Corn Holders - when you 're done and stick them in the dish pan , they are VERY likely to stab your skin when you go to do the dishes . This is because the pointy prongs on the end are likely to stick upward while only semi-floating in the water . The prongs are practically waiting for any vulnerable skin to come within reach . If your dish pan contains dirty water -LRB- and it probably will since the only time I eat corn on the cob is with a juicy beef steak and a large family gathering , which pretty much confirms a dirty , overloaded hard-to-see bottom of a dish pan -RRB- you wo n't be able to see the bottom of the pan and therefore wo n't be able to see the prongs sticking up . You WILL get stabbed . You 've been warned . Despite that , these things work really well . They hold the corn on the cob in place allowing you to munch down on each kernel like a typewriter similar to that one episode of Mickey Mouse you may or may not have seen . I will always associate that episode with the fun and excitement of eating corn on the cob .
 Love these . These are much better than the little tiny ones I used to have . Love the fact that they are interlocking , so do n't get lost in the drawer !
 These are perfect size . Fit nicely into cob and no more stabbing my fingers when I go into utencil drawer .
 I like these holders because they connect together so you do n't find yourself digging through your utility drawer looking for the other half of the corn holder . These are study and colorful and are fun to use .
 The reviews are what made me buy these corn holders . Everyone raved about them ! Turns out , they were right too . These interlock so that when you done with them you can store them together in pairs . That 's a great thing for me since I tend to lose one here or there . They are comfortable to use and easy to insert into the corn ends . Overall , these rock !
 i still use these for corn they work well and love them . i have nothing else to say about them .
 These holders are awesome . I really like that they lock together . The peg holes go all the way through so that when washing , all of the corn gunk gets out of them . Once dry , they fit nicely together and do n't take up a lot of space in the drawer . It is nice to be able to reach into the drawer and not be poked by corn pokers .
 These corn holders work great ! I love that I can lock them together and throw them in the drawer without worrying about getting poked . Also , they have holes on either end -LRB- you can see it a little bit on the yellow one in the picture -RRB- so they will still get clean in the dishwasher even when they 're locked together ! I recommend this product to anyone who likes corn on the cob !!!
 Our old corn holders fell apart so I was looking for a new set . I liked this set because of the price and how many you got for that price . The holders are bigger than the ones we had before and I really liked that because it makes it easier to hold the corn . Also like the fact that they connect with each other to store away . Great product and great buy .
 These are nice-they are large and pretty sturdy . The interlocking feature for storage is wonderful ! The only thing that would make them really prefect is if they could be used int he microwave-but I see they have others than can be .
 Other than the slow shipping by Amazon , these are great corn holders . They are built to last and the handles are a comfortable size to hold on to . The prongs slide together into the handles for easy safe storage .
 These are a nice size . I love that they inter-lock so they stay together and makes them easy to find.Would reccomend !!! Great product . I should of got more then one pak !
 I love good looking , sturdy products . These &#34; Zyliss Interlocking Corn Holders , Assorted Colors &#34; fit that description . I like how they can be stored with both put together . It prevents being stabbed while searching for them in the drawer .
 We purchased a set of these for our son and daughter-in-law for Christmas 2010 and I liked the looks of them so I purchased a set for us . OMG - THESE ARE AWESOME ! I do n't know how we ever ate corn on the cob without these nice , big and sturdy corn holders ! You can really get a good grip on these and chow down ! When I think back to all the years we used those ` cute ' little yellow corn holders , I do n't know how we managed without these.I also love the fact that you can place them in the silverware tray in the dishwasher because they are n't going anywhere . And the way they interlock for storage is a really nice feature , although you wo n't lose these in your silverware drawer because of the size and bright colors.I have to thank my son for placing these on his amazon.com wishlist otherwise I would never have known about them .
 I had a set of those small yellow corn ear holders . You know the ones , they 're small , the two -LRB- very short -RRB- prongs rust , and after a while they just disintegrate in your hands . I saw these on Amazon and decided to try them . WOW , they 're GREAT ! I was on a fresh corn kick this past Summer -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and these are the nicest corn holders I 've ever used . They 're MUCH bigger in real life than the picture would have you think and that 's a good thing , trust me . Also , the fact they interlock is nice . Recommended .
 I have used many different types of corn cob holders over the years and these are the best by far . They also nest inside each other so you do n't lose part of the pair and they wo n't `` stick '' anything else in the drawer . I LOVE them !!!!!!!
 We love these corn holders over the older little corn cob ones . The larger size make them easier to hold and their interlocking storage means they 're always paired up and you wo n't get poked by a stray corn holder in the drawer .
 This is very different from what I was expecting . I thought I would still give them a shot , but you want to make real sure the pointy side is OUT . On a happy note , they do a good job holding corn .
 These are great and work very well , they store even better . They fit inside each other so when so when you reach into the drawer to get them , you wo n't get poked .
 If you want to get a handle on a corn cob , or jab your loved one in the rear , this is for you .
 The corn holder set is very nice and colorful . The handles and metal parts are very study . I love that they fit together to protect the ends and stay together . Great buy !
 When these bright and colorful corn holders are just fabulous !! They are very solid and strong and much better than I had expected . They also slide together for safe storage !
 As a Missouri boy that has never lived in a house without corn holders -LRB- and I suspect neither have my sisters -RRB- , Zyliss has made the first best design for corn holders out there . I 've seen others have copied this interlocking design , but have n't looked them over closely to compare . Regardless , Zyliss makes great products , and these work flawlessly .
 These work as they are suppose to , are colorful and fun for the kids and interlock so you do n't accidentally stab yourself . What else would you want ?
 I especially like the size of these corn holders . They are easy to hold on to for small children and people that have difficulty holding objects in their hands . I plan on ordering some for my friend that has difficulty gripping the small cob holders .
 These items are both colorful , and made well , We have used them without any breaking , , which others do , , and that can get messy , , lol
 Finally I have corn holders that I can put in my kitchen drawer and not have to worry about getting stuck in the finger when looking for stuff . Whoever made these had a wonderful idea !!
 WE LOVE THESE !!!! Extra large size and they interlock making them easy to find and store in the drawer . They are great !!!
 These are strong plastic , larger than I expected , which is good , and colors are true . Have not had a chance to use them yet but they go beautifully with my Fiestaware dishes .
 Very nice especially for the price ! They are sturdy and the interlock feature is great for safety - you wo n't stick yourself searching for them in your utensil drawer . Bright , pretty colors too .
 These are the best corn holders I 've ever had and they insert into each other for storage so you do n't get stabbed when you 're looking for them in the bottom of your utensil drawer . Honestly , they 're great .
 Strong , sturdy and well made ! These look like they 'll last for a very , very long time ! I like the `` interlocking '' feature because they do n't get lost or separated in the back of a drawer , considering that they 're a `` seasonal '' item ! I also like their size ... they 're bigger than those little five & dime things that do n't really last very long and they 're easier to grip and hold . If you think the price is too much , just wait ` til you see the product ... totally worth it ! Delivery time was great and I 'm even thinkin ' about getting more for some fun and amusing stocking stuffers ! -LRB- Too bad there is n't a green one ! -RRB- Later ... I 'm off to buy more corn on the cob !
 These corn holders are a nice size and the fact that they interlock is great , I do n't get stabbed when going through the drawer , and there big enough to find and hold on too , they get used just about every weekend , I 've considered buying more sometime in the future .
 I bought a set of these for myself . We loved them so much , my daughter asked if I 'd get her a set . They are the best , which you can tell from all the 5 star reviews . I love the large , smooth plastic holders . They support the cob very well . As others have mentioned , the interlocking style , the ease of them going into the cob , the fun multi-colors , and the fact that they make them dishwasher safe all make these # 1 in my book . I highly recommend them !
 I have been married for over 30 years and have been using the cob holders we received in a wedding present . These had wooden handles and metal prongs that had to be straightened after use because they bent while inserting into the cob.These are hygienic , strong and well designed for storage and will outlast me and perhaps my sons and daughters too !
 My wife and I love corn on the cob.These cob holders are the best we have ever usedand we especially like the way they connect togetherwhen being stored so no one gets hurt when looking forthem by feel.Jim A.
 When the last one of my little cornholders -LRB- the ones that look like corn -RRB- finally broke and died I ordered these and we 've enjoyed them all summer long . Colorful and interlocking and they work . I think we 'll enjoy them for many summers to come .
 These work great and they do n't stab you when getting them out of the drawer . Bought these for myself after getting some for my daughter . We both love them . Just wish I could choose my own colors .
 You ca n't beat these . They work great , lock together so you do n't get poked getting them out of the drawer , and have held up for years in the dishwasher . No complaints , and if I ever need more corn holders , I will be buying more of these . I recommend getting a bunch of them so you are ready for picnics .
 I finally got rid of my old corn holders and bought these . They 're quite sturdy . The best thing is how they fit so snugly together -- you can throw them in a drawer , they 'll stay clean , you can find the pairs quickly , and they do n't prick your fingers when you go into the drawer to find something . Some good ideas are very simple . Good buy !
 These are the best value for corn holders by far . The kids get a kick out of the interlocking nature , and my wife really appreciate how they stay organized in the drawer . An added bonus of the interlocking feature is that you do not prick your finger on the sharp tips like you would if they were loose . Also , interlocking keeps the tips nice and clean -LRB- especially good if your holders usually sit in a utensil drawer instead of with your silverware.All in all , great value -- so much so that I ordered more for the RV and the house !
 This set of cornholders definitely beats the old style in the shape of corn holders that I previously had . First , each pair fits into each other so you can safely put these away and also take care of fears of hygiene and rust . Second , they are are way bigger than the original corn holders so you get a real good grip . The only corn holders that give you a better grip would be OXO 's but those sometimes with all the butter and BBQ sauce can have a slight rubber smell . These holders are hard plastic with steel prongs.To make these holders more effective you will want to trim the ends of the corn 's ear , but you would have to do that anyhow for the older versions so that ' not too bad.Overall , worth the money just for the easier storage and cleaning .
 we purchased a set about 3 years ago . they have been through the dishwashwer many times and in childrens hands just as often . They work great , keep the corn secure , are great to store by interlocking and a breeze to clean . Well made too ! so far these are the best ones we owned and i am ready to purchase a set for my sister .
 I 've been through so many different corn holders , it 's not even funny ! Some are difficult to get cleanly into the corn , others break , some do n't provide a nice grip . These holders have it all ! I love how they interlock in pairs so they do n't get lost . They are nice and sharp and easy to push into the corn , and the ones I 've had are going strong after a couple years with no breakage . Highly recommended !
 Well , Now I do n't have to dig for the corn holder , they lock together . Easy to find in the drawer now and I throw them in the dishwasher to clean them . . The handles are just the right size too .
 BEST CORN HOLDER EVER MADE ... EASY TO USE AND CLEAN AND WO N'T RUST ... COLORFUL AND EASY TO FIND ... THE INTERLOCKING SYSTEM MEANS NO MORE PRICKS WHEN LOOKING THROUGH A DRAWER
 I bought these for my father who loves his fresh corn . At 74 years his hands are giving him trouble and the large grips are perfect . They stay in the dishwasher baskets and the prongs slide into each other to prevent getting stabbed by them when stored in the drawer .
 We love corn on the cob at our house . So much so that we buy frozen in the cold months . We have tried every kind of corn holder known , from cutsie ones to toothpicks , all useless . The Zyiss corn holders are amazing . You never lose them , they are not dangerous in the `` everything '' drawer , and they hold the cob firmly . Great invention !
 Those old-fashioned , yellow , corn-shaped things you grew up with ??? Throw them away and add these to your cart . Here 's why : - Storage - No longer will you ever stab yourself in the hand while rummaging around in the kitchen drawer . These things ingeniously interlock so there are no sharp , protruding spikes . - Size - These are big enough to allow multiple fingers to grab the holders giving you a better grip . - Colors - The bright , vibrant colors stand out and really look nice ... more modern than those goofy miniature corn-cobs . I hope the person who engineered these corn holders was well compensated ... they 're simply marvelous .
 I was expecting small holders like the ones from the Dollar Stores . These are well worth the money . They are large enough to hold , and fit nicely in your hands . Wal Mart had smaller ones for $ 1 a piece , so these were a good value , and I like how they fit together .
 This is a very ingenious design . All other types of corn holders have exposed spikes wich can and do prick your fingers while searching through the kitchen drawers . The Ziliss design allows for pairs of holders to hide each other 's spikes in specially provided cavities . In order to prevent food particles to get lodged in these cavities , the cavities are open at the opposite end so that cleaning under running water is very easy.An outstanding design !
 These corn holders have a fantastic design . They are fairly large and sturdy , easy to insert into corn cobs , easy to hold onto , nice and fun colors , interlocking design for easy storage -LRB- and you do n't get jabbed like with other corn holders -RRB- . I threw out all of the old cheapie corn holders and only use these now . HIGHLY recommend !
 I had some fancy ceramic ones that I bought at Williams Sonoma a few years ago , and even though I had always hand washed them , they began to crack . I really like other Zyliss products that I have bought in the past , and these are no exception . They appear to be quality made , are easy to hold -LRB- even for kids -RRB- , and even better - they 're dishwasher safe . I highly recommend !
 The item was very durable ; great for storing in a drawer with its unique interlocking method - you will never have to look for the matching pair !!! A must have !!!
 My sister and brother in law were so tired of having those cheap corn holder 's -LRB- you all know the one 's I mean -RRB- fall apart and not have much of a handle to hold on to since that also breaks , that when my vacation with them was over and I got home I decided to find some that they would like . After reading about these I was pretty sure these were the ones . Well , they LOVE them . They told me that everything about them is perfect . Think I 'll order me a set . : -RRB- Zyliss Interlocking Corn Holders , Assorted Colors
 I love the way these interlock for storage . Very easy to get out of the drawer without jabbing myself on them .
 No more sticking my fingers when I reach in the drawer for my corn holders . Hopefully , the bright colors will make my husband notice them and not throw them in the garbage with the corn cobs .
 These are very sturdy and designed to couple together , so you do n't have loose corn holders which get lost in drawers . A very good buy .
 These Zyliss corn holders arrived on time and in new condition . I own several sets of these and they are the best I 've owned .
 Delicious corn with great corn holders . Does life get any better ? Colors are bold ; holds well ; big enough for a man to like ; the fact that they insert together for storage is a BIG plus .
 ... ON YOUR CORN.I was pleasantly surprised when these corn holders arrived . THEY ARE HUGE ! You ca n't tell from the photo or product description -- each is approximately 3 inches long
 This product is just wonderful ! I have a wide drawer for my flatware and I love the expandable feature of this product . 3 sections are stationery and the other 2 sections are expandable and you can make it whatever width you want . The corners and all the joints were very well made as well as the entire unit . I 'm about ready to buy a couple more for my other drawers . Great product - you 'll love the expandable features of it . Does n't look cheap like the plastic inserts or other wood units that do n't expand . Really love it .
 While it does n't look quite as `` built-in '' as the picture due to its adjustable nature , it is definitely an upgrade from the plastic trays . The pre-drilled extension slots did not fit our 19 '' wide drawer , so we nailed it in place . We used 1x3 to finish off our other drawers , and it looks just as nice - so if you are a little handy , save the money and build your own . If you 're lazy , buy this tray .
 Great space saving product , fast shipper , that you very much .
 I have my grandmother 's blue willow dishes and have been looking for a colinder and I was so happy to find a colinder with the blue willow pattern . Thank you !
 The Zyliss Safe Edge Can Opener is a tremendous improvement over the traditional can opener . Tradititional can openers often fail to complete the full 360 degree cut ; forcing the user to bend the sharp edged disk back and forth before it finally breaks free . Even when the disk is broken free , the extrication of the disk from the interior of the can be a very messy , dirty process.The Zyliss Can Opener cuts on the outside of the top rim of the lid rather than the interior of the lid ; there is no problem completing the full 360 degree cut . The resulting lid has no sharp edges . This lid can also be pressed back onto the can and used again to seal the can 's contents.I 'm so happy with the superior Zyliss can opener design that I will never go back to the traditional can opener .
 First off I have to admit my bias towards Zyliss products . This company seems to get all the details just right , from ergonomics to quality of construction to design.This can opener is no exception . It rests on top of the can rather than hanging off the side as with most other can opener designs . The cutting mechanism works its magic right along the middle of the pronounced ridge of the top edge of the can . The location of the cut is such that there is neither a sharp edge on the can or the lid . An added benefit is that the lid rests snugly inside of the can without falling inside - great for storing cans in the fridge for later use.It is hard to visualize or explain exactly how it works , but it does work exceedingly well . I doubt that you will be the least bit disappointed ... even after paying more than double than the cost of an average can opener .
 OPEN IT UP , CLOSE IT WITH THE KNOB ON TOP OF THE CAN , TURN IT EASILY , AND OFF COMES THE ENTIRE TOP WITH NO LITTLE PIECES OF TIN FALLING INTO THE CAN . - Takes a little getting use to .
 I 've owned a Zyliss safe edge can opener for 2 years and opened well over two hundred cans with it . At no time did the Zyliss cut any can . It works by lifting the lid off the can , not cutting it off . Everyone has been conditioned all of their lives to cutting-type can openers and they miss the point of this marvelous device . No cutting ! None !
 This opener removes lids leaving no sharp edges whatsoever . Particularly nice for households with children . It takes some getting used to - the handles are thick and require use of both hands to close . Opener attaches to the top of the can rather than the side . It 'll irritate you for the first week but then it 'll grow on you and eventually you might even love it .
 Slightly confusing to use -LRB- when in doubt read the directions ! -RRB- but works extremely well once you figure it out . The lack of sharp edges on the removed lids means I can put the can lids in our recycling bin without worry , and the ` touchless ' remover hook is a nice feature .
 On the one hand , it 's just a can opener . But it 's one of those items that does the job so very well that , once you get one , you start looking for cans to open ! Takes only a couple of seconds to figure out how to use it after you read the directions . Seems to be well-built and something that will last years . Love the fact that the lid can be used to neatly cover the contents if you store a partially used can in the ` fridge .
 Works fine - my only complaint is that I need to use a different one when opening something I need to drain , like tuna .
 I had an old Zyliss that I just loved , but this one is even better . Simple to use , works flawlessly , no sharp edges left on the can or the lid , no liquid on the blades , no mess . It 's absolutely perfect in every way . It 's even relatively attractive for a can opener !
 I was very skeptical about this can opener and similar ones . IT IS GREAT ! The Zyliss removes the can lid first time , every time . It is worth the money just to avoid having the sharp , jagged edges of the can to contend with . It is cleaner to use and the lid can be used to store a partial can without trying everything in the kitchen for a cover . GREAAT for pet food cans .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000UERTYQ Zyliss Safe Edge Can Opener , White -RSB- It 's a tiny bit of a learning curve but once you get the hang of it , you 'll love it . It 's a great product . I 'm ordering more and giving them as gifts .
 Works OK after you read the instructions . Hard to get the lid off after can has been opened .
 As others have mentioned , this Zyliss can opener works in a completely different way than the traditional ones . If it bothers you to have to figure out and change how you do things , as is my wife , you do n't want this . However , if you 're interested in design and looking for a better opener , this is a great choice . I 'll repeat what others have said but with a little different wording and description . I would say that the mechanism pries the entire lid off in the reverse of how it was put on . You lift the lid off intact , separated from the body of the can . The opener does n't touch the food and there are no sharp edges . While it is dishwasher safe , this opener stays clean . Traditional openers cut through part of the can 's top , leaving the lid 's edge in place , whereas the Zyliss just takes off the whole lid.Design and build are excellent
 I love this product . Once you follow the directions , it is a cinch to use . I like this way better than my electric can opener . Does ` nt leave a mess on the opener and does ` nt make noise . It will not open the wider cat food cans with the tabs on top . Other than that , it is perfect .
 I had an old Zyliss can opener that I have used for years , but it started having trouble cutting the lids . I chose the Zyliss safe edge can opener because I have 5 young children who enjoy helping out in the kitchen . The first time I used it , I thought it did n't even cut the lid . But then I finally figured out how to remove the lid with the opener . Once opened , I was amazed how there were n't any sharp edges . Definately worth the money spent .
 We bought this can opener after our old one started , well , eerybody knows what happens - but this Zyliss WoW what a change ! well made , great Guarantee and easier to operate than reviews would say . After the second use it was all over for regular can openers ! This Co. also makes a great garlic press which we bought on Amazon and we couldn ; t be happier / My advice ? Click Add to Cart - you wont be disappointed - that is unless change - even for the far better - challenges you naaah , you shop online , so go for it !
 had never heard of the brand , so I was a little anxious on how it would work . I think it cuts better and cleaner than my Pampered Chef opener ... highly recommend this product
 a better can opener . I mean , what would it do better than this one ?
 It works as designed and stores neatly in a drawer . Highly recommend for those wanting to improve their hand held can opener option . I have used electric can openers -LRB- including spacemaker type -RRB- for years . Technology seems to have remained rather stagnate in regarding to cordless openers that are reliable . With a new kitchen remodel , I looked to keep my counter free of appliances ; this little gadget fits the bill . Recommendation on this site were all correct , I too think it is well worth the $ $ and arrived in 2-3 days .
 This safety can opener is by the far the best one out there ... This baby is like the mecedes benz of can openers ; first of all its so easy to use and with little effort ; its very sturdy , its smooth running as you open can . When i use it , i dont feel any strain on my wrist or fingers . Plus it comes with a little head that removes the lid for you after having opened the can , at first it was a bit tricky but i got the hang of it . I liked this feature because i didnt nead to get tuna oil on my fingers !! Yes ... its a bit pricey but ... its worth it . I spent way too much already on cheaper can openers , so this is a good investment in the long run .
 Yes , I love this can opener.It is easy to use and perfectly designed.I specifically did n't buy an electric can opener because I wanted something I could rely on in a power outage . But all the previous non-electric can openers I 've owned were hard to use , difficult to clean , and did n't last very long . The Zyliss Safe Edge Can Opener is built to last and does n't even touch the food inside the can when you use it , so you do n't have to wash it!This is sheer genius .
 These can openers are so cool that I 'm constantly looking for a can to open.The make great gifts to the cooks in your life.The biggest problem is my reluctance to throw the empty cans away . They make such great storage containers for screws , nails , etc , but how many can you use ?
 This opener uncrimps the lid and separates it from the can whereas most can openers either cut the lid or the side of the can.The instructions are n't very good but after using it several times -LRB- do n't give up -RRB- it works great .
 I love this can opener . I wish they had invented this years ago . It actually cuts around the lid and you can remove the entire lid . No more jagged edges . Very satisfied .
 This is the best can opener I 've ever used .
 Simply fantastic , simply the best . Easy to use and , boy , did I score points with my wife . No more broken fingernails or cut finger tips using other 3rd rate can openers .
 Everyone has already said whatever is left to be said about this can opener , so I 'll just add this
 My old traditional can opener fell apart a few years back . I went to the local kitchen store to get a replacement . There were , of course , the traditional can openers . But my eye was caught by this Zyliss product . I shrugged my shoulders , thinking `` Nothing ventured , nothing gained '' and purchased it.I took it home and valiantly tried opening a can . It took me a while to figure out how to use it -LRB- it was not intuitively obvious to me -RRB- . However , once I got the hang of it , I do n't think I 'd go baclk to a traditional can opener.For one thing , I 've never cut a finger on a can after having opened it with this tool . That is something I could NOT say with traditional can openers . With the latter , sometimes I did n't pay attention and would cut myself . Or a part of the lid would n't come off and I 'd have to pull it off , worrying all the while that I might mishandle the lid and cut myself.For another , the lid can be reused after having opened the can . Pretty cool!I find this a useful addition to my kitchen equipment ...
 This is the third one of these we have had . We use it so much they wear out ! We love it and will keep buying them .
 Beautiful item - I use these with the teacup and saucers to serve ladies tea luncheons - This was a Big Hit - looking for a perfect place sitting for a very feminine lunch ? You have found it with this GREAT Salad Plate !!!
 We received the vacuum bags on time . The picture on the website shows 9 bags per package but there were actually 10 bags as description stated . The bags were exactly like the original one we had left , and work great .
 i have been looking for a high powered ionic air cleaner for awhile , when i found this i knew it was the right one . it is an awesome machine . the air in my apt . smells like fresh air when i use it and my allergies do n't bother me like they did before . i highly recomend this machine
 Aphrodite -LRB- a.k.a. Venus -RRB- , the personification of human sexual desire , was the Greek counterpart to the ancient Near Eastern goddess of love and fertility , the `` Lady of Heaven , '' known as Inanna to the Summerians and Ishtar to the Babylonians . According to Hesiod , Aphrodite was born in the sea form surrounding the severed genitals of Uranus , which Cronus had flung into the sea were the Titans usurped power . Floating to shore on a giant clamshell , Aphrodite rises from the sea as the last instance of the powers of creation of the primeval gods . Accompanied by Eros -LRB- Love -RRB- , Aphrodite actually predates the Olympians and remains a powerful deity to which all creation , both human and divine , remained subject . `` The Birth of Venus '' -LRB- c. 1485-86 -RRB- , was painted by Sandro Botticelli -LRB- 1446-1510 -RRB- for the villa of Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco de ' Medici at Castello . The original tempera on canvas painting -LRB- 172.5 x 278.5 cm -RRB- hangs today in the Galleria degli Uffizi in Florence , Italy . Botticelli 's Venus is so captivating that you might not notice her neck is unnaturally long , the fall of her shoulders is pretty steep , and a student of human anatomy would have a hard time explaining how her left arm is attached to her body . But these errors create a compelling portrait of a delicate beauty arriving upon the scene to grace humanity with her divine presence.This 10 x 8 print is really a bit too small to really appreciate the details of Boticelli 's masterpiece . In the upper left of the painting you have Zephyr , the West Wind , blowing hard while Chloris gently breaths the warm air that sends Venus ashore . The roses with the golden hearts are the flowers that legend says were created at the birth of Venus . On the upper right on the wooded shore is a flowering orange grove , clearly the Garden of the Hesperides . The trees and leafs are detailed in gold , representing the divinity of Venus . The nymph on the right is probably one of the Horae -LRB- Hours -RRB- who were the Greek goddesses of the seasons and attendants to Venus . The flowers on the robe she holds out to Venus are yellow primroses , blue cornflowers , and red and white daisies , all of which are spring flowers symbolizing birth . The garland of myrtle she wears comes from the tree of Venus . The goddess herself is about to step off of her giant gilded scallop shell onto the shore of Paphos in Cyprus . So this is not really the birth of Venus , but the moment before she first steps foot on land .
 A great gift to be proud to give to a horse lover . . very well made love the style . will fit in cup holders .
 Update 2/09/2012 - everything below still holds true . I simply wanted to add that last summer , we got another AC of the same brand & size for our very large living room and made sure we had pre-ordered another bracket before installation . We have a very old house and our window sills are non-standard . We found it easier to drill a small trough for the thick cord to rest in before we installed the Support shelf but that is the only difference we had to make . Having been through some very windy and wet weather this Southern California `` Winter '' , we are even MORE impressed by how much a difference this product makes in stability , noise reduction as well as wear & tear on the window frame . We love it ! Honestly , we tell everyone we meet who is shopping for an AC not to even dream of installing it without one of these!Original Review : We recently installed a new room Air conditioner and just to be on the safe side we bought this Bracket support . We live in Southern California where earthquakes are common and we wanted ti make sure the AC had a good firm support . What a difference this item made in the installation ! It really was such an improvement from the old situation . I 'm ordering another one for another room AC we 're going to install.The funny thing is , the New AC we bought turned out to be not right so we had to put the old one back in . The primary reason we bought the new one was because the old one was filling up with melt water or condensation because the house had settled at an odd angle over the years . The old Unit went back into the window and now with the proper support from the Bracket , it drains properly and does n't fill up with cold water anymore . Problem solved ! If only I had thought if this sooner!The reason I say this item is a must have is as follows : * It is easily installed from the inside and will provide all the support you 'll ever need * It takes the weight of the unit off your window sill and redistributes it evenly * The arm that goes against the house is flat and wo n't mar your siding or paint job * It makes taking the AC out of the window a simple job if you do that for winterGreat product - do n't install a new AC without one and consider buying one to help your old AC work up to its potential .
 I was unable to find any air conditioner brackets at any of the Home Depot stores or PC Richards , Best Buy . I ha looked for weeks but were all sold out . I was informed on to Look on Amazon.com to see if they had any . Everytime I 'm looking for anything , I can find it on Amazon.com . While having the Thermwell Prods . Co. . Conditioner Window Supports , the individual asked where I had purchased the window brackets because they were the best he 'd installed as well as the cheapest .
 This is the best A/C window support that I have ever seen . It supports several sizes of window A/C units . It has a handy `` level '' insert , so you know it is level without getting out your leveling tool .
 The a/c support bracket is as described . I plan to install it as soon as the weather cools down . Instructions are easy to follow and I have a neighbor who 'll work for food and drink . Should be a fun time . I was surprised that the product arrived so quickly . This company really impresses me .
 My old kirby is sucking again thanks to the fan assembly.Easy to find model numbers fast shipping.I have 3 other vaccums including a rainbow none compares to the power of the old kirby .
 I live in an old apartment that has really old appliances from the 70s . I am afraid to use my oven , so I decided to get this toaster oven based on it 's price and good reviews.I 've been using it for about a few weeks now and it seems to work pretty well . I could make really moist chicken parmesean and great french fries.The only thing that I do n't like as much about it is that most of exterior gets really hot when it 's in use and I burned my finger accidently on it , and the bake/drip pan is kind of tight and difficult to slide in -LRB- probably b/c I line it w / foil to prevent it from getting too dirty -RRB- , but regardless not a big deal.Overall , I am pretty satisfied w / my purchase - I do n't ever need to use my old oven again ! : -RRB- Update
 I just brought this one home today . it is my third one this week . I wo n't mention the other brands because they are not worth mentioning , only this one is . After I unpacked I put an oven thermometer in it and set it for 350 degrees it reached that in 4 min . Amazing !!!!!!!!! . Then I made toast , I burntit , because I had the rack in the wrong position , MY Fault , so I turned it around and tried again it was PERFECT !!!!!!!!!! I think this is the best one yet . I 'm done looking after my research I have found this one IS A KEEPER I hope this helps you all . : -RRB-
 Works well for the most part . Toast seems to get more done on the bottom and I 've found that the light , dark , darkest settings are a little off . Dark gets it pretty dark and darkest makes it burn.All in all it does what it 's supposed to .
 I have owned this toaster-oven almost a year now , and have used it often . Cooked Bacon , baked potatoes , etc. . Everything works very well . I do n't understand the controls sticking , mine never have . Toasted English Muffins , bread with good results . Even purchased one for our son and daughter-in-law a couple of months ago .
 For years I had purchased dinky little toaster ovens off the drugstore shelf . They are hard to clean , and rust out in my Hawaii climate . I decided to invest in this Rival oven , and could n't be happier . It is big enough to cook a cassarole without heating the whole kitchen , and makes toast as well as any other . It is polished steel , not a painted exterior , and a slide-out crumb tray is effortless . It is the perfect appliance for one person . It looks good , too .
 Received 1st unit without most accessories listed in Ad , I.E. pizza pan , 2nd rack , cookie sheet , however box did not list those accessories as being enclosed . Company could not ship accessories separately so they sent me another whole unit . This one came with ALL accessories as was listed on it 's box . Apparently there are different versions of this unit , some with more accessories included than others . Unit works fine so far.Patrick
 I was a bit concerned after reading some of the negative reviews of this toaster oven , but my daughter had recently bought one and seemed quite satisfied . Yes , the outside gets very hot when it is in use , but I have never seen a toaster oven that did n't . It 's shape -LRB- rounded to hold a 12 '' pizza -RRB- is convenient , and it seems to be able to actually reach 450 , which my last toaster oven could n't manage . I do try to use common sense with it
 I use my toaster oven every day and it has been great . So sorry for those who where disappointed . My grown children want one for Christmas this year so that should tell you something . Have had mine for 6 months now and have not any of the problems some may have experienced . I line my tray with aluminum foil and never have to deal with clean up . I have baked brownies , cooked toaster pastries , hotdogs , even broiled a steak with mushrooms . I love it !!
 This is a wonderful product i love the different features and it works wonderful holds its tempature and i love the fact that it turns on to the timer and shuts the heat off when the timmer stops this way if im doing something and i forget my food dosent burn . .
 Bought this oven eight years ago and it 's still going strong . Saw some low reviews that surprised me , so I thought I 'd offer my two cents . I use it way more than my regular oven . Great for frozen pizzas , bagels , toast , muffins , you name it !
 You can actually make a good peice of toast with this product . We have had several toaster ovens and this is hands down the best . The controls are easy to understand , workmanship excellent.Easy to keep clean .
 Very good product for the price , good size it bakes excellent , broiling is very good , and toasting is good .
 We used it for the first time and baked Salmon . The result was excellent . And we did n't even notice the initial odor of the anti-rust coating on the heating coils being burned off . My wife was especially happy -LRB- and when momma 's happy , everyone tends to be happier ! -RRB- .
 The toaster oven is a great deal for the price and it looks and works well .
 Only had it for a few weeks , but seems to be functioning well .
 I purchased this oven about six months ago , thinking I would use it just every now and then . I now use it almost every day ! I have n't turned my regular oven on since I purchased this one ! I love that it fits a large frozen pizza , none of the other ovens I looked at even approached the versatility . The only compaint I have is the quality of the pans that came with the unit are mediocre , but I use my own and the oven itself works like a dream .
 I bought this oven about a week ago and it works great . It cooks everything perfectly , just follow the directions on the package of the food being cooked , no need to adjust them . The quality is far better than any other brand , I 've seen them all , and it can fit a 12 '' pizza , major selling point for me . The pans that come with it are pretty good in quality as well , however , the cookie sheet likes to warp at temperatures over 300 degrees . It 's not a bad warp and the pan is still usable , but it should n't warp so quickly . The only major complaint I have with this oven is the temperature control knob . It worked fine at first , but now it 's really hard to turn . It turns really easily when the oven is hot , but when the oven is cold it is nearly impossible to turn . I 'm thinking I just got a defective one since no one else mentions this in their review . This oven would have gotten 5 stars , except for that pesky knob ; even with that , the best toaster oven out there .
 Rival TO600 6-Slice Countertop Toaster OvenI read reviews before buying this product , and some people seemed to have complaints about the controls . There are quite a few setting to be concerned with , but the product does do quite a few things . It took the place of my microwave , and my two slice toaster , and often I use it instead of my conventional oven.After toasting bread , the temp dial has to be turned counter clockwise , which seems a contradiction , but not if you think about it . Toast is the highest setting . Therefore , to turn it down you have to go counter clock wise.I think that it makes more sense energy wise to use this in place of the big oven when preparing small servings . Why heat the whole conventional oven when you are only doing one TV dinner for example . It gives you the flavor of conventional cooking as opposed to the microwave . It can accomodate a 12 inch pizza ! And it bakes the pizza like the big oven would .
 I just received my toaster oven last week and the first thing I did was bake cookies and make a casserole . Both came out great . I only did one cookie sheet so had the rack in the up position . Directions are not very clear , but think that comes by being printed somewhere else . I just set to Bake , etc. , set temperature , then put it on always on . The only reason I gave it a 4 is because it does get extremely hot on the outside . Never use with small kids around unless you supervise . I also think it would be a good idea to have those special oven mitts that withstand 500 degrees . Really want to try a pizza next or a cake .
 Two years + ago our built in conventional oven broke ; it cost almost $ 600 to repair ; so we decided to begin using a toaster oven to lessen the use on our convetional oven ; and we purchased this Rival model . We have loved it , and never had any complaints . -LRB- Ours came with the pizza pan , two racks , and cooking pan -RRB- . Two months ago , our conventional oven again broke ; so we decided not to have it repaired again , and began using our old Rival toaster oven to cook everything . It 's still works fine , but is showing signs of wear , so we began shopping for a reasonably priced replacement instead of fixing our main oven again . All the models we looked at were either -LRB- 1 -RRB- very expensive -LRB- 2 -RRB- too small -LRB- 3 -RRB- too cheaply made -LRB- 4 -RRB- electronic controls - we know how quickly they can break and how expensive they are to repair . We could n't find our old Rival model anywhere locally , and am happy to see it here still available on Amazon . What we loved about this model was everything . The black high quality metal sides were very easy to clean . The stainless steel top matches our stainless steel appliances ; overall a very sleek and visually appealing unit . The slide out tray catches drips , crumbs , easy to pull out and clean , and keeps the interior looking neat . Never had a problem with the timer sticking , loved the timer off bell , the stay on , and keep warm controls , and the high quality knobs both extremely durable and easy to clean . Our kids prefer to live on pizza , and the rounded rear and rounded front glass door allow a perfect fit , and it always cooks pizza fully and wonderfully . We rarely ever used it to cook toast , but very often used it to heat/toast sub rolls-for this we used the bake control and works like a charm . I was surprised to see the large number of poor reviews on this product . Non the less , we are purchasing it again , hoping again to have the same quality and performance we received -LRB- and continue to receive -RRB- from our original one . If so , I would say you could n't find a better sized , reasonably priced , attractive and high quality performer than this model . Hopefully , we will not find -LRB- as you reviewer above did -RRB- find that this model was packaged in different quality and component versions - we 're keeping our fingers crossed . P.S. Forgot to mention another huge plus about this product . The rack and rack guides are designed such that you can have multiple placement levels to decide from ; and even more important for safety reasons is that the racks will not slide down or fall completely out when pulled out -LRB- even with a very heavy casserole dish on the rack -RRB- - they remain perfectly level and firmly grounded so that you can check on how the meal is doing without it landing on your kitchen floor -LRB- or worse yet on you ! -RRB- .
 Alright so it does everything it is supposed to do . It got excellent safety ratings from consumers report . It is big enough to do almost anything an oven can do . The one complaint I have -LRB- which may be user error -RRB- is it toasts unevenly if I have something on the top shelf . It really only affects the way it looks -LRB- one side brown , the other still white -RRB- , but it tastes the same . I have n't tried removing the lower rack though -LRB- as I 'm sure it prevents some of the toasting -RRB- .
 Well made , cooks excellently ; wooden handles would be nicer than metal as they remain cool . . The low price is great .
 Very detailed ornament and good price !! It 's a perfect Christmas gift for any good fan ... . nothing else to say .
 i have been looking for a high powered ionic air cleaner for awhile , when i found this i knew it was the right one . it is an awesome machine . the air in my apt . smells like fresh air when i use it and my allergies do n't bother me like they did before . i highly recomend this machine
 The themes used by Guy Buffett to decorate his plates make entertaining fun and interesting . Not only do these plates serve as functional dishes , but they are great conversation pieces . Attach plate hangers to them and presto -- they can be also used as decorative wall hangings . They would add life to any kitchen or dinning area and serve as a great theme base for decorating . They are delightful and if you are a Guy Buffett fan you will love them .
 I received a set of four of these plates as a gift and I can not wait to buy a second set . They are of excellent quality and if you have not seen them in person before you will be delighted by the detail of each picture . Also , each plate is signed and dated -LRB- i.e. Guy Buffet 2000 -RRB- . It 's a very nice touch.As far as durability is concerned , they are made of porcelain and are both dishwasher safe and microwave safe ! I would recommend them to anyone looking to add a little bit of France to their party or their kitchen for display .
 I could n't imagine anyone not smiling whenlooking at these plates . They are elegantwith a subtlesense of humor . I loved the first set Ipurchased ; I am nowordering a second set as I think theywould be perfect to use for a wine andcheese party . They would make great salador dessert plates as well .
 Yep , it does ! Ease of use , and better than all other mandolines I have used . A + !
 My first mandoline was the Bron which is visually the most serious/macho/cool of the bunch , but its shortcomings were unacceptable - the slicing blade is one-piece stainless , and ca n't hold a sharp edge ; the julienne blades are not sharp and ca n't be sharpened ; and the safety carriage is designed to not go past the cutting edge . I sold it.I now have a Matfer -LRB- the all-stainless model -RRB- and it has a 2-piece slicing blade
 Contrary to the opinion of others that saw the Matfer Mandoline as difficult and even dangerous to use , I found no such problems . Foremost , it is not dangerous . Of course if you run your fingers down the side of the blade you run the risk of cutting yourself , but if you follow directions or at least have some common sense , that will not happen . In all the times that I have used it -LRB- quite a few -RRB- , I have not injured myself once.Regarding its inability to cut , specifically the waffle cut , I am puzzled in that regard as well . As soon as I opened the Matfer Mandoline , I watched the 11 minute video , and then proceeded to make waffle cuts on a potato . They were fine , and with a quick adjustment , as instructed in the video , I achieved the result that I wanted . I tried with carrots as well and attained the same success.My only complaint , though ever so small , is the scant reading material that came in the box . I was hoping for a small book , but instead I got a pamphlet . Although all the cuts are covered on the video , some paper reference would have been nice . However , that is rather insignificant to what it can do . All the three Julianne cuts worked well , and it is designed to accommodate left as well as right-handed people . It is also convenient to clean and store . Altogether , a fine product .
 I used to own something else called a Mandoline , but now I realize the error of my ways . I rarely used that other thing
 Cooking is my passion , but I have always had grievous difficulty slicing onions -LRB- tears , burning eyes , etc. -RRB- I received this mandoline as a wedding gift and use it all the time ! It slices onions -LRB- and everything else , for that matter -RRB- razor thin in a matter of seconds . The speed with which you can slice things all but eliminates the burning eye issues . It comes with three insert blades for making julienne slices of varying widths -LRB- great for carrots and potatoes -RRB- that also help for instantly `` chopping '' onions . I do n't know what I ever did without this in my kitchen ... I could n't recommend the Matfer Mandoline more highly !
 My hand strength is waning and when I recently found I can only mangle a potato I decided to find a slicer . But in a tiny apt butcher-sized wonder machines just wo n't do . This wonderful item folds very flat . Is shrap . Strong . Can do a myriad of tasks . Extremely easy to use but if you need tutoring , a video is incl . Much better than those which sell for more that do n't even come with any additional blades or edges . Some can only slice something you 1st reduce to grape size -LRB- who needs the xtra chore ? -RRB- . No need for the mini food here !
 I used to have a Cuisinart , and I gave it to Goodwill after buying this Mandolin . Yeah , the Cuisinart was great and it can do some things this ca n't , like making pesto . But you know , I make pesto twice a year ; I can use my mortar and pestle . On the other hand , slicing things and making julienne strips is something both these do effortlessly , but I never used to take the cuisinart out to do it because the cleanup was such a hassle . With this , its washed and dried in 20 seconds . I find that I * actually * use this , instead of just owning it for `` someday '' . The only caution I have is that blade is SHARP , so always use the guard .
 I am a chef , and have used a number of different style mandolines . This one gets the job done , but I prefer the Brun . I use a clean tea towel to protect my hand as I guide the food thru the blades . I have much better control than when I try to use the safety holder thing .
 This is a very well made machine with a number of attachments . The first thing we made was waffle cut potatoes which is why we bought this model . However , even though my husband was being very careful of the blades , he managed to cut himself anyway . Very dangerous , not for teenagers or accident prone individuals .
 All the above , -LRB- or below -RRB- this machine can take the tip of any finger . -LRB- personal experience . -RRB- ! Cuts really well . The trick is to be willing to throw 1/5 of the vegetable away . The pusher is worthless , you must hold the vegetable with your hand . Being too frugal = lost fingertip . The trick to the thing is a high starting velocity . Move the potato or carrot quickly , and the cut is perfect . Too slow and it binds .
 This is a great product . It is so versatile - it can be used not only to slice up veggies , but also works well to trim finger and toe nails-no lie . The blade is stainless steel and really holds an edge . It cuts without injuries and the video comes in four languages . I had to decide between buying this product and a popcorn popper-i made the right decision as so will you if you purchase this machine . Thank you very much .
 MY SON IS A CHEF AND RECOMMENDED THIS ITEM . BEING AN OBEDIENT MOTHER , I PURCHASED IT . IT WAS FABULOUS . IT CUTS AS FAST AS HE DOES , AND JUST AS EVENLY SLICED . I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE WHO WANTS TO MAKE A GREAT PRESENTATION ! P.S. . AS USUAL , MY CHEFY WAS RIGHT ON !
 I used the plastic model for many years and loved it . The blade stayed sharp for some reason . Now I 'm older and deserve something better . Got the Bron . HATE IT . Hard to use , dull blade , stinks ... I bought the Matfer . WOW !! I did n't watch the video yet and it is a PLEASURE !! It cuts beautifully and it 's simple to use.I do not like the safety holder that comes with it . No matter . ... I had to go to an emergency room once because of a cut !! I am much more careful now . BE CAREFUL , EVERYONE !!! DO N'T BE IN A RUSH !! You can do yourself MAJOR damage !! GO MATFER !! I am happy !! JUNE 21 , 2009
 I 'm not a professional chef , but I am quite serious about the kitchen . For years , I have only used a food processor and thought that it was enough . Recently , however I have realized that for food to be a true experience it must be as asthetic as it is tasty . This requires intricate slicing , precision and thin slices . This is not for everyone , but the food enthusiast will truly enjoy the quality and logic of this machine . Bon Appettit !
 It took me a while to get the hang of this tool , like similar products I have tried . It is not easy to use for a beginner . An included videotape will help you out if you are new to this tool.The last slices of a vegetable are hard to cut , they often jam in the blades . You also lose the original grip the sliding aid gives , it is best to use a towel , like chefs do.Otherwise , it is of very high quality . It is very robust and stable . It handles all the typical cuts you are looking for
 i would not say that this is an everyday use machine however for parties or other occassions where you need quantity it is perfect . the set up time does take a few minutes . the blades are RAZOR sharp so i suggest you move slowly & deliberately when installing & removing for cleaning . this is a good slicer despite its plastic casing .
 This is a great tool . It takes a few times to get used to the best method for you , but when mastered , it saves a lot of time . Very sharp blades , so watch out . The first couple of times I used it I ended up giving my thumb nails a trimming , use the holder when sliceing even though you will be tempted to disgard and use your hands . Strong recommend !
 For years I put up with ... imitation slicers . I purchased a Matfer and I find that I am using it more often than my food processor . It works with ease . I make a lot of one dish meals with sliced vegetables and I love it . Not only is it handy , it is easier to clean up than my food processor . I like my food processor , but now that I cook only for myself , I use my mandoline in preference to the processor .
 This laundry bag is big . Laying flat it has the surface area of at least two large pillow cases . The draw appears to be nylon cord with a sping-loaded plastic lock to keep the bag closed when the draw cord is pulled tight . I have not used it yet , but I think it will do the job .
 Light , strong , and durable . Simple concept and it works , a good standard laundry bag that 's about a medium size .
 I have this tray . You will love it . This beautiful black laquered tray has felt on the bottom to prevent scratching of furniture .
 I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the tray when I received it -LRB- via US friends -RRB- and it is a classy addition to `` happy hour '' in our home in the Middle East ! Well worth the effort and expense to get .
 The spatula works great , very slim and great to pick things up from nonstick pan . The only minor point is there was some slight softening/melting of the spatula during a period of excessive use -LRB- flipping pancakes for 15-20 minutes -RRB- . But , I have not seen any serious melting , just softening , so I 'm not too worried about it as long as I move quickly .
 I ordered this after America 's Test Kitchen reviewed it as one of their top picks . The idea is that the front end has to be thin enough to slip under food without tearing it -LRB- think fried egg -RRB- while the body of the spatula ca n't be so limber that food slides right back off . The MP spatula aces those requirements . My favorite part is that it does n't have a bulky handle so it fits easily into the crock on the counter where those types of tools live .
 Before this spatula , I was using chopsticks . This is 100x better . Works great for everything from eggs to steak . You do not have to worry about scratching the pan . Very durable as well . I would not hesitate to purchase again .
 We first purchased these spatulas from Bourgeat at their factory warehouse in France while we lived there . They last forever and are the least clumsy spatula we have ever used .
 This is the best spatula ever made . It is great for non-stick and stainless , for removing cookies from baking sheets and lasagna . It cleans easily and is quite sturdy . I have given this to all my family members and my brother has given it to many of his friends . It is the best !
 QUITE SIMPLY THE BEST SPATULA ON THE MARKET . Just be sure NOT to get the Chinese version in flimsy red plastic as it is too rubbery and does n't handle well . Get the ORIGINAL French version in gray . It is much sturdier and handles excellently . It holds up well to the dish washer and ultra hot pans . The subtle curvature of the handle makes it a pleasure to use . BUY IT ! You 'll put all your other spatulas in the draw .
 This spatula combines the qualities you expect from a metal spatula -LRB- rigidity , durability , heat resistance -RRB- with those of a plastic one -LRB- safe for non-stick finishes , flexibility -RRB- . I love this spatula and highly recommend it . The edge is sharp enough to scrape fond in the pan and get under the food being cooked without tearing it up , and it wo n't scratch . It does n't deform in the high heat of a saute the way nylon tools do.Matfer tools , in my experience , are among the best of the best . This spatula is among my favorites from this company , including their whisks and exopat silicone baking sheets .
 This is the second time I am buying this spatula and I have purchased for others as well . Strong and flexible , easy to maneuver and flips food without destroying it .
 I thought the spatula price plus shipping and handling was too steep , but my wife loves it and says it 's well worth my money !
 The angled tip makes sliding beneath food easy . Wide enough to handle flipping pancakes , but narrow enough to maneuver around food in an 8-inch pan . The plastic material does n't scratch my non-stick pans . Light weight makes it easy to hold for my scrawny forearms , but the spatula is sturdy enough to flatten too-thick hamburgers and hold chicken breasts without bending to the forces . Oil drains nicely through the slots and the slightly angled handle is comfortable , while avoiding awkward angled approaches to handling the food . The reasonable price brings the value of its form and function all together .
 Cooks Illustrated was right . This is the best . It has taken me 20 years to replace one that somebody burned for me .
 Nice and slime to get under eggs . Easy to clean by hand and you can out it in the dishwasher . My wife 's favorite spatula .
 If you 're looking for a flexible spatula , this one is great . It 's reasonably thin and light . Glad I purchased it .
 It 's a really good spatula to use on non-stick - rigid enough to lift things but thin enough to get under a fried egg . Good product .
 My first fish spatula , but I suspect it 's better than others . I always reach for this when the food is delicate - pancakes , eggs , fish - and often use this with other food - hamburgers , anything . I 'm not sure how I lived without it .
 This is my second of these spatulas . They are nice to handle and slide easily under and egg or much heavier fare . They do tend to absorb color though - curry and beets will leave their mark on these spatulas .
 This is strong and thin and perfect for many uses , especially eggs and stir-fry and most everything else . I think I need 3 more !
 My Tupperware spatula of 20 + years broke and they do not make them anymore so I wanted to try something else . Looking for light weight take high heat flexible and the end will stay SMOOTH not get little ridges , snags etc. . So far this one is doing great a little narrow and has started to discolor at the edge some has kept it from getting higher stars .
 I love to cook and do most of the cooking in our house . A while back , my wife attended a cooking party and purchased one of these . It is absolutely my favorite . We have at least 6 different types of spatulas but this is my go to choice . It is the best for eggs , omelettes , potatos , just about anything you need a spatula for when it comes to turning , flipping , etc. . This spatula is very flexible and thin allowing you to easily get under an omelette without any difficulty . Although it is thin and flexible , it is very durable . We 've had this for a couple years now and I like it so much I bought a second one -LRB- as back up when I ca n't find the one we have - even though we have 6 others to choose from -RRB- and I just purchased 4 more as gifts to family members -LRB- my mom looked everywhere for one after her last visit -RRB- . A nice surprise - I actually only paid for 3 since they have a 4 for 3 promo going on right now.FYI - I upgraded my Amazon account to prime earlier this year and have been very pleased . Shipping is typically less than 3 days if not faster and the order process is clean . I would highly recommend Prime to anyone that does alot of shopping on-line like I do .
 Light yet a little flexible . My favorite tool for cooking a quick breakfast . Has not melted at the edge . Easy to clean with a quick wipe .
 As I do a lot of cooking and preparing , I have at the least 6-7 spatulas , none of which perform the job at hand.I was tired of purchasing plastic , teflon , stainless and silicone spatulas . I was looking for a tool for quick sauteing , turning an egg without breaking it , flipping pancakes and turning thin slices of fish in one piece ! I am so pleased with the Master Chef Spatule Pelton Spatula , I ordered another one . Lightweight , good flexibility and well worth the price .
 I wondered if this spatula was as good as people said . I bought one and gave it to my wife . I did n't tell her the price . She tried it and said she wanted 2 more so she could get rid of all the other clumsy , warped non-stick spatulas in the kitchen . We now have 3 of these and wonder where this thing has been all our lives . It 's that good .
 It 's very good for non-stick pans . After many uses , it has held up to the heat and not melted .
 Highly recommended and easy usage . Functional and practical.If you make sunny side up eggs or just to saute this it the spatula for you .
 This is a wonderful tool if you are right handed , unfortunately I am left handed and it is beveled the wrong way ! It would be great if they made a neutral or left handed one .
 Nice tool , works well , non mar in my pots . Good angle on blade . The blue color is a little unsettling to my spouse , but color does not affect function so I am pleased .
 I have a Spatula just like this one , for many years now , they last forever , it seems . It is so flexible yet strong , it is the Spatula I always reach for in the Kitchen and I have others . I think is a great design , it feels very good in my hand , I like to flip things with it , in fact that 's what I 'm about to do right now , after my Review , Flip a Hamburger ! Thank You
 Its a gadget that the more you use , the more you appreciate . I think I wash this 4-5 times a day , and I 've thrown out all other spatulas , but this one . Five stars , and best spatula ever.Came back to buy more , I ca n't do with out it - the only one I use . 3 would be not too many for my house since its used constantly .
 I bought this based on the review and recommendation of America 's Test Kitchen . I am always interested in new kitchen and cooking items , and had nothing but lesser quality imitations of this Spatula . It is the best - it is every bit as superior as the manufacturer claims . Just try it on a fillet of fish , and you will agree ! Of course it is great in many other functions , but gee - try eggs or thin pieces of fish first , and you will never regret this purchase .
 Great spatula . Well worth the price . I have used this spatula numerous times and it has held up very well . I am very pleased with this purchase . would highly recommend this item to my friends and family members .
 I really like this spatula ... do n't have any long term comments because I have only had this for a few months , but it really does multiple jobs well , cleans easily , and has n't melted !!
 Plastic is never as good as metal when it comes to spatulas , but when using non-stick cookware this spatula does a great job . It is easy to use , a perfect length , and comfortable in my hand . I 'm a rightie , but my 20 year old son who likes to cook eggs is a leftie and he likes it , too .
 I use this item everyday . Works as advertised . Washes well , after each use it is as if it is a brand-new product .
 I agree with what some others have said . This spatula 's appearance is misleading in that it 's very plain , but it works great . It has just the right amount of firmness to flexibility and the very thin lip makes it really easy to get under things .
 This is a great Spatula to use on a non stick surface . It is long enough to pick up delicate fish and sturdy enough to stir a Stir-fry .
 Now I can flip over fried eggs using this wonderful spatula . Works great with other food too !
 This is a great all purpose spatula at a great price . I use it for everything , from flipping pancakes to fish
 We have used this spatula almost daily for the past 5 years . It has lasted longer and performed better than other similar spatulas we have purchased . I bought several for presents and everyone else likes them also . The thin blade in front seperates it from wooden spatulas -- the only other utensils we have used that come close in usefulness .
 When I first saw this I thought it looked thin and not very durable . It is very hard plastic and looks like it was pressed right out of a mold . But it works fine for small items like eggs . Do n't try to flip a burger , though , it will fall right off the side .
 Great . Thin blade . Good blade stiffness . Good shape , even for a small 6 '' saute pan . Pan end seems to be taking the heat well after a month of home usage . No melt evident at allReviewed again at 8 months
 A spatula is n't too exciting but this one is a good one . Much sturdier than I thought it would be , not flimsy at all . I do not eat fish so use it for everything else .
 I have become addicted to everything Cooks Illustrated . Whether it is their recipes , product reviews or cooking supply recommendations they seem to get it right every time . I have yet to be disappointed . I guess it proves what limitless time and money can accomplish . This spatula is another one of those occasions when I have been completely satisfied . Sturdy , light , economical and easy to clean sums it up .
 A bit flexible , nicely thin -LRB- for silicon -RRB- spatula -- makes it great for use with non stick or other pans where you want to avoid scratching . First non metal spatula I 've found that is really useful . Cook 's Illustrated recommendation was right !
 This is one great spatula . It is flexible , easy to grip and has worked wonderfully every time I have used it . It 's fast becoming one of my favorite kitchen gadgets !!! Everybody should have one !!!
 This spatula was recommended by ATK and I usually follow their advise . This very affordable spatula is light weight and shaped right for most any stove top cooking use . Just do n't let it sit too long in hot skillet or you may ruin the edge .
 Bought this spatula based on all the previous reviews . Glad I did as it is all and more than described . Thin and slips under everything .
 Not the most sleek and stylish utensil in my kitchen , but certainly one of the most durable and functional ones . I love this spatula .
 We purchased this spatula because my parents had a similar one in red that was getting used for every meal over the holidays . This one has been as successful . Although I would have liked a different color , you can not beat the function of it ! That combined with how inexpensive it is makes this a great addition to the kitchen . We use this spatula for most anything we make on the stove top in a frying pan - fish , eggs , fried tomatoes , crab cakes , hashbrowns , and many other items . It is nice and flexible to help get under foods , strong enough to scrap burned on items off , and good for use on all surfaces we have tried from teflon to steel.Great value , constantly in use !!
 I purchased one of these awhile ago and recently purchased a second one.It 's become my `` go to '' spatula for nearly everything.It does n't scratch any non-stick cookware.It 's strong enough to lift and flip items.It 's flexible enough to get under things.It 's easily cleaned in the dishwasher.Just the right size for nearly everything at a great price .
 Never doubt the power of great design to make a lasting difference in your everyday life . This particular spatula is evidence of that . Lightweight but the perfect size and so far it has been more durable than I expected . __________________ The only downside is that this $ 11 item cost $ 8 to ship ! I 'll check Bed , Bath , & Beyond first on similar small items from now on . -LRB- Anyone else notice that Amazon is increasingly backing away from its Free Shipping benefit by not carrying more items these days ? -RRB-
 This spatula is the best one I have ever used . It turns eggs and picks them up easier than any I have used in the past . It is great for not-stick pans . It is flexable . I would recomend it highly . It is the first one I reach for now .
 Bought this to use with non-stick cookware . I liked it so much I bought a second one . Picks up everything with ease .
 You will not use another spatula . We use this for everything , and it 's perfect for flipping those super thin crepes ! Going to be buying them as gifts for Christmas . Handles really high heat well even on cast iron .
 great item ! I use it all the time to stir almost everything I cook . Pretty easy to clean -LRB- compared to other non-stick spatulas that I have -RRB- .
 It 's amazing how something so simple can be so amazing . I love this spatula and will buy more . It 's excellent for cooking eggs and really anythign else . I use it for everything just cause it 's so great . The angle is perfect and the material is strong . It can withstand heat well , unlike so many others that claim high temps and only give out after a few uses.I 'm not a chef or a cook , just a regular dude that likes to cook once in a while and I love it.Highly recommended !
 This is a good spatula for flipping fish and like things . Very well made . Seems durable and strong . Nice comfortable design to hold and use . Well designed . Wish I could get one without slits .
 This spatula was slightly larger than I had anticipated , but I think it functions just as it should and I have added it to my kitchen tool collection .
 The shape of this spatula is ideal for getting in and under most everything in even a small pan . The material is non-stick and very durable !
 It seems hard to get excited about a spatula , but this is a great product . The design makes it easy to get under food like grilled cheese and pancakes . I 've had the spatula about 6 months now and it has held up to daily use . I 'm buying another .
 A plastic spatula is just never going to have the flex , strength , and heat resistance of a metal one . But if you have non-stick , ceramic or enamel pans , you ca n't use a metal spatula or you will scratch and damage the surfaces . For a plastic spatula , this one is pretty good , thin and flexible . I just got several Le Creuset pans , so I tried this one out , and liked it enough to go back and buy two more .
 I love this spatula - so much I purchased a second one ! A bit pricey - but the shape is perfect for everything . Since buying this , I have not used any of my old traditional shaped ones . Great for everything from stir fry to hamburgers !
 I was hoping to purchase a Spatula for my non stick pan . In the past I have had others which were flimsy . This one puts them to shame . Worth every penny & I 'd recommend buy 2 .
 Good quality materials . Like the color . Easy to hold and maneuver . Easy cleanup . Good for use with nonstick pans . Would buy again .
 I like this spatula - it does n't burn or melt and it cleans very easily . Perhaps the handle could be a little longer . Otherwise , I 'm happy with it .
 I was looking for a new spatula and noticed that America 's Test Kitchen recommended this brand . We have always had great luck with whatever they recommend . This spatula is flexible , lightweight , heat resistant and easy to clean . Nice product ...
 This spatula has the right ergonomic design and does the job so much better than a metal one . It also lies flat in the drawer for storage which is a plus . One warning , though
 But two of these a year ago , and am still very satisfied with my purchase . The Spatulas are a lot sturdier and stronger than I had expected and they turn anything I need like a dream . The only gripe that I have with these is the maximum temperature . The packaging says it 's safe up to 430F . I decided to give this a test one night when I was shallow frying some tofu and the spatula started to bubble up a bit . Not a huge deal , I 'll still rebuy them once these ones have ceased . BUT BEWARE
 This turner is perfect for flaky fish , pancakes , anything . It can slide into a smaller frying pan no problem , and it 's think , so it goes easily under food . I use it often . It also fits well in my drawer as it is pretty flat .
 fish , eggs , burgers , onions , this is the tool . i 've even had my wench leave it on the pan and it didnt melt . this thing can stand a lot of heat and is both flexible enough to slip under light fare and strong enough to lift something larger like a thin steak
 I 've had this spatula for 2 years now and it 's the one I reach for every time , despite having several others . I bought it for my non-stick pans but find myself using it in every situation where I need to stir or flip food in the frying pan or on the griddle . It has a slightly different shape than traditional spatulas - with a slight curve to the long blade , but the shape works extremely well with a variety of foods . It 's easy to maneuver it under whatever I 'm cooking and its great for flipping eggs without breaking the yolks . It slips under burgers and pancakes in a cinch and the food I 'm cooking does n't stick to it . The edge of the spatula is thin and is able to get underneath things without marring the surface of your foods . It also has never scratched a single one of my pans.The plastic is very durable . Even after 2 years of heavy use it 's held up great . The only thing that has happened is the top edge has a very small bit of wear and is n't as `` sharp '' as it was when it was new . This has n't affected its performance at all though . Heat from cooking and the dishwasher have n't phased it . It 's tough ! I 've had other plastic spatulas melt when set on the edge of a pan - but not this one . It 's also not floppy at all , although it has a slight bit of flexibility to it.The spatula is comfortable to use . It 's very light and a joy to hold with a great ergonomic design.If you are looking for a spatula that works extremely well with different types of food this one is a great tool you 'll be happy to have in your kitchen . Do n't be surprised if it quickly becomes your favorite ! It works better than any spatula I 've ever had and when it wears out -LRB- if it ever does , lol -RRB- I 'm going to definitely buy another one .
 it 's a spatula . I really ca n't say too much more than that . It 's really good at being a spatula . Heck it might even be the best spatula ever .
 it is hard to describe the difficulty of locating a perfect kitchen tool - the size , the weight , the utility , the ergonomics , the materials . . ugh ! . . this , however , was such a pleasant surprise : - it is very light weight - ergonomic -LRB- a person of 5 ft and a person of 6 ft of height can both use it with ease -RRB- - it is compatible with non-stick surfaces -LRB- i do n't have to tell how devastating is a single simple scratch is to a prized pan -RRB- - it is just the right size
 I 've had this spatula-turner for over a year now and it 's become my `` go to '' spatula , the first I reach for to do the normal frying-type tasks . It feels good in my hand and is thin enough to get under things like pancakes and eggs . It 's strong enough for these tasks but not quite stiff enough to handle heavier things , such as lifting large pieces of meat . For burgers and eggs though , it performs great ! And , it cleans up quite easily too.I 've not had any issues with it melting or deforming in any way , but I do n't use cast iron or extremely hot griddles . I have a ceramic top electric range and mostly stainless cookware . I will admit that it took me a little while to get used to using it , but now I love it!The price has dropped since I bought it too , so it 's an even better deal ! Recommend !
 Got this to use with some Ceramic Marble Coated pans . Found it to be well designed and very handy so we end up using this a lot for all sorts of cooking tasks .
 I am a kitchen gadget junkie , but this has to be in the top ten of all my toys . It fits nicely in my hand , and is very well balanced.A joy to use !
 i bought this spatula specifically for the fact that it is super-thin where most plastic or other nonstick safe spatulas you might as well use a rubber scrapper to try to flip things.one star taken off for the way-to-sticky adhesive used on the label ; had to use goo-gone to remove it and for the fact there was a fine mold flashing completely encircling the spatula ; for $ 4 i expect it ; for $ 12 , they should have removed it for me so i did n't have to.it is thin enough that it wo n't hold a ton of weight like a steel spatula . i have n't run into any problems yet and i 'm glad i bought it . Oh one last thing ; i bought the ` red ' version but it 's thin enough that light comes through and it looks more like dark orange , just a caution for somebody that is outfitting their kitchen in red ; it wo n't match ` red ' items.awr
 We purchased our first spatulas like this when we lived in France . We were so excited to see them available through Amazon we bought several for our kids Christmas stockings . Ours are 7 years old - never melt on the tip - slid easily under over-easy eggs - wash up easily .
 I do a fair amount of cooking and was increasingly frustrated by poorly designed or made basic tools . I bought this simple tool about six months ago . My criteria were -LRB- 1 -RRB- good design for the intended function , -LRB- 2 -RRB- heat resistance , -LRB- 3 -RRB- ease of cleaning , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- price . This is a five star item , because it is superlative on all counts . When I bought this I also bought two other turner/spatulas of very different designs - the Zyliss silicone slotted turner , and the odd but effective Orka All-Purpose 13-Inch Turner/Flipper . These items have also turned out to be good , but this one is far and away the one we reach for most often . With our right hands.One matter to be aware of
 I have owned this spatula for 15 years . The same one . I have not had any issues with melting . None . But ... I also do n't use it for stir frying or cooking with stainless steel pans . I use mine for everything that is done in a non-stick pan . I have the metal version of it by Wusthof for cooking with my stainless steel pans .
 I purchased this spatula on the recommendation of a cooking magazine . It is lightweight and easy to manuver but eggs stick to it and are hard to clean off . If I spray it first the stick is a bit less but not something I want to take the time to do . It works better for pancakes .
 ` Cook 's Illustrated ' : `` While they may be called fish spatulas , these flexible , thin spatulas are equally adept at flipping chicken cutlets and steaks . We tested five popular brands -- three metal and two nonstick -- by flipping numerous batches of flaky haddock fillets -LRB- in large and small skillets -RRB- and found -LRB- once again -RRB- that price is not indicative of value.Priced around $ 7 , the Matfer slotted Pelton fish spatula outperformed the Global , which cost eight times as much . The Matfer received raves for its comfortable handle , long blade , and exceptional performance . Because of its smooth , slippery plastic and Fiberglas composition -LRB- exoglass -RRB- , the spatula nimbly flipped fish without scarring the delicate flesh -LRB- as the metal spatulas did -RRB- , and it is completely safe for nonstick skillets.We recommend fish spatulas with one caveat
 I have had this product for many years now -LRB- between 5 and 10 years -RRB- and I love it . After I had used it for a few months , I got rid of all of my traditional shaped -LRB- rectangle head -RRB- spatula turners since I love the Matfer so much . It is comfortable in the hand and must have been ergonomically designed for turning . I am right-handed and due to the angle on this spatula , I assume that it would not be comfortable for lefties.I use this spatula to turn foods in a pan -LRB- flip eggs , roasted veggies , etc -RRB- and especially for removing cookies from the pan . It is great for nonstick cookware . It has the right amount of flexibility . The grey color has discolored over several years -LRB- now a kind of yucky yellowish/brownish grey -RRB- and the front edge has worn slightly . But it has held up very well with my frequent use . The only thing I do n't like is that sticky foods will get stuck in the slots and is more work to clean . Overall , I would definitely purchase again and I recommend this product .
 This spatula was recommended by Cooks Illustrated . I agree with their recommendation . I never appreciated how bad my pervious non-stick spatulas were to use . The Matfer Pelton 's shape and thin edge make it a useful addition to my kitchen tools .
 I fry a lot of foods and found the Matfer Pelton Spatula to be as good as its word for use on non-stick pans . It is both thin and flexible , and gets under delicate foods without gouging them , but has enough rigidity to handle their weight . Wide slots drain quickly . Have n't tested it beyond oil temperature of 375 degrees F. No signs of melting or degradation .
 I 've had this spatula for over two years now and I simply love it . It has a wonderful shape , feels comfortable and will not scratch your non-stick pans . It goes right into the dishwasher and have never had a problem with it melting . There has been some small wearing on the end of it , but nothing as bad as any of the wooden ones I 've used over the years . My only complaint is that I use it more often than I run the dishwasher , so frequently end up cleaning it by hand !
 So , Cook 's Country recommended this spatula . And ... it 's great . I 'm all about having the right tool for the job , and this little multi-tasker rocks.I was afraid it would be too flimsy for all but the most delicate of fish , but I was wrong . It 's thin enough to scrape up a thin little trout from a sizzling skillet without destroying it , but strong enough scrape cooked-on fond from the bottom of a dutch oven.Somehow , this thing is bent at exactly the right angle to give you the leverage you need to wrangle a big ol' steak off a griddle pan AND to dig out the first slice of lasagne from a high-sided casserole dish . It instantly became my go to spatula for pretty much any job.It 's funny how certain little things , be they cheap or insanely expensive , work as advertised , outperform the competition and make a task easier to manage . This is one of those `` things . '' I 'll be ordering several more and trashing the plethora of underperforming spatulas in my current dismal cooking arsenal.Long live bacon ! -LRB- And , super cool spatulas that make flipping the awesomeness that is bacon easier to flip -RRB-
 I recently purchased this after reading rave reviews ... and well , add my raves to the list ! It is flexible , yet sturdy , and very ergonomic for a right-handed person . I can flip pancakes -LRB- and fish -RRB- much better/easier . -LRB- No , it does n't whiten my teeth , make my breath smell better , or guarantee a better quality date -LSB- LOL -RSB- - but who ever thought I would be this jazzed about a spatula ? -RRB- I have already begun sending all of my other spatulas to the donation box , and use this one on stoneware -LRB- cookies/bread sticks -RRB- , non-stick -LRB- anything fried -RRB- , griddles -LRB- pancakes -RRB- , you name it . -LRB- OK , I did keep my little Oxo Silicone `` Cookie '' SpatulaOxo Good Grips Silicone Cookie Spatula , as it 's curved edge perfectly scrapes the eggs off of the rounded non-stick fry pan during scrambling . -RRB- I am ordering another one of these as I use it so much I need a spare so I do n't have to stop and wash when it 's in the dishwasher . It may sound crazy - but you will LOVE this spatula if you buy it .
 I only wanted one turner-style spatula in my drawer , and opted for this one for its versatility . While I appreciate that it gets the job done at a fraction of the cost of the name brand turners , I was a little disappointed at the quality of the plastic . From the first use , which happened to be frying eggs at a medium low setting , I noticed afterwards that a little of the plastic had melted right at the edge . Not so much that the spatula became unusable , but enough that I am not so confident using it on nonstick cookware . The edge of the spatula now is not smooth at all , but rather somewhat scratchy similar to the feel of a frisbee disc after a few sessions . In retrospect , I would have splurged for a metal fish turner knowing that it would last a whole lot longer .
 Hard to believe that I could get so enthused over a spatula , but this one has won my vote . This is the first elongated spautla that I have used and I now prefer this shape over the more common square ended turners . It 's light weight , has a nice thin edge to slip under the food , and , because of its flatter shape , takes up less room in the drawer than the more traditionally shaped turners . I am sold on this Matfer Pelton spatula .
 I just love this spatula ! It is very thin so it 's a breeze to get underneath whatever it is you 're cooking and flip it right over . So far I 've flipped eggs over easy with terrific control . It is well made , flexible and seems unbreakable !
 I go to Cooks Illustrated when I need cooking utensils . This is the spatula they recommended and as usual , they 've got it right . It slips under those fried eggs without a bump , flips large porks chops without bending and looks cool there in your hand . What more could you want from a spatula ?
 As soon as I received this spatula , I tried making eggs over easy and this spatula got under the egg in my Circulon Inifinte griddle so easily , I was literally shocked . After having made several eggs , I went on to plate sized pancakes and was really pleased how this spatula handled these as well.I have even used these for meat/chicken and found that they were easily able to complete the task without bending or losing strength.I use this on an induction cooktop which I will rarely go above 320 degrees so I anticipate these will last a long time and if I ever lost it for any reason , I would quickly repurchase it as it makes life so much easier .
 This spatula looks rather strange but amazingly works very well . The handle takes getting used to but having a slanted thin tip at the end makes it all worthwhile . I bought two !
 I bought this for my wife . It is a nice light weight turner and works well in the non stick pans for turning fish and about anything else .
 This is a good spatula . It 's angled slightly and I 'm right-handed , so it 's perfect for me . There are still some challenging `` flips '' and difficulty getting food out of hot pans , but based on my testing , the other spatulas were worse . I now only have two other spatulas for special uses , the others are gone and this my `` go to '' . Now there 's more room in my utensil drawer . It 's not especially attractive , but it 's made my cooking just a little easier .
 I purchased this spatula after reading a review in Cooks Illustrated . We needed a spatula for using with non-stick cookware . It has met all of our needs . The spatula slips easily under eggs and is rigid enough to handle large burgers or pork chops . Cooks Illustrated that it may melt over 400 degrees , but we have never put it in that environment . We love it . There is also a stainless steel model , but we did n't want that one as noted above .
 It may seem strange to review a spatula so effusively , but honestly it 's just really , really good . It 's somehow both durable -LRB- holds up to heat , dishwasher , etc. -RRB- and delicate -LRB- thin and works with foods that are easy to break when turning -RRB- . The shape is a bit unusual , but extremely effective . I 've personally always been thrilled with Matfer Bourgeat kitchen products , and this is no exception . It 's hard to explain the difference between this spatula and others until you use it . A have many different spatulas , but this is the one I reach for time and again .
 Great little tool . Especially useful for smaller sized non-stick pans . Shape and curves make it easier to maneuver underneath whatever it is you are trying to flip .
 Got this to keep from scratching pan , but we absolutely love it and use it in non-stick also . -LRB- Actually it 's the only one we ever use anymore . -RRB- Thin , strong enough and JUST RIGHT for omelets .
 I searched for years to find a strong yet flexible spatula that I could use for a variety of foods , from stir-fries to pancakes . This is by far the very best one . After buying one I came back and bought another so I would n't have to go without if one was in the dishwasher -LRB- yes - dishwasher safe too -RRB- . It 's nice and slim , too , and does n't take up too much space in the utensil crock . Love !
 So it 's not metal , it 's not heavy , and it 's almost flat . And it works on non stick pans or whatever . It 's long when it needs to be , and flexible when it needs to be . I 'm on my 4th one , I think . And I have two presently . What 's gone wrong with the others ? Well , you may get used to what a great tool this is , and think it 's fireproof . It is n't . But what it is is a darn good tool . Get one , and then when you get used to it , throw out your others and get multiples of THIS one !
 Saw this on America 's Test Kitchen . Works great . We left on * on * a burner and it partially melted , so I 'm buying another one .
 If you like to cook your pancakes without greasing the pan first , then you need a spatula that can get right under the pancake and flip it in one piece . This is that spatula . Just use a nonstick pan and you 're on your way .
 We bought this spatula after our Kitchenaid spatula cracked -LRB- after 1 year of use . -RRB- This one is very ergonomic and light . It 's a pleasure to hold it . Also , it is easily washed . It looks very durable , will see how long it will last .
 I have been looking for months for a spatula with a longated or extended spatule portion with extended handle that can be used in all kinds of cook-ware . You made my day -LRB- Amazon -RRB- with The `` Master Chef Spatule '' Pelton Spatula .
 Read other reviews and some people raved about this spatula and some people were just not impressed . I had melted an old oxo spatula after owning it for about 10 years and needed a new one . I replaced it with a longer spatula with metal that was coated with silicone by the same brand and it was way too flimsy . So , being frustrated with that purchase , I searched for `` best spatula '' and found this one on amazon . We have been using it every day for a couple weeks now and it really is our favorite . My husband and I have had two separate discussions on how amazing this spatula is . It 's firm but , safe for non-stick pans and still has a bit of flex to get under fragile eggs . Some spatulas are too stiff -LRB- for example , made of wood -RRB- ; and some spatulas are too soft -LRB- for example , the oxo long metal one that is covered in thick silicone -RRB- ; and this one is what we believe to be THE BEST SPATULA . We will repurchase this master chef pelton spatula again ! Had to give the review because it 's that great . :-RRB- Hope it helps someone .
 Not sure what 's up with the way negative reviews . I think this things is about as well built as any other spatula of this nature . If you want stronger you 'll have to get something metal or wood . It 's holding up well for me . I did notice just a little bit of peeling at the end after the first use but there has been no more and it 's not any worse they any other spatula of this type I 've used before . It may be a bit overpriced but that 's all a matter of if you can find it cheaper anywhere else or not . We are using almost daily now and have no complaints .
 but i cook enough , i love the design on this spatula . It is perfect for a non stick pan , and a perfect shape to flip near anything
 Seems like a pretty high end product made with quality . I 've used mine about 20 times so far and it works great for all kinds of cooking and flipping in the skillet .
 This spatula is really great - dont be fooled by its seemingly simply look . It is light , extremely well designed , and does not melt at all . I wash it on the bottom rack of the dishwasher - no problems.I use it to scrape off food on pots and pans that come out of the oven all the time . Highly recommended .
 After 3 months of active use this spatula has impressed me . Some of these plastic kitchen tools wear out rather quickly but the leading edge of this shows no signs of wear yet . The slightly curved shape of this spatula seems is perfect for maneuvering food in shallow pans .
 I like spatulas shaped like this and this one is great because it 's not metal . I can use it with all my pots and pans and not have to worry about damaging them . I am thinking about getting another just to have one on hand if the other is dirty . Very easy to clean also .
 i got this spatula since my wood spatula was broken.i thought i would like to try other material since wooden spatula got bleach in it.so i bought this one and i 'm really happy with it.it 's really light and design is good .
 Like a pie server , the handle is parallel to the plane of the business end - no elevated elbows ! Great for effortlessly removing just-baked cookies from a baking sheet .
 This spatula has just the right amount of flexibility without being too floppy , it is just the right width and length , it handles everything from fried eggs to fish to pancakes gently but firmly , without breaking up the foods you are trying to move . Good for non-stick too . I give these spatulas to all the cooks I know , and they all love them too .
 I used to have a spatula similar to this one and loved it . Unfortunately it broke after about 12 years . Finally one that is just as good . This has just enough flex and strength . You can cut through food and turn heavier foods without it drooping because of the heat . I 'm sure it will last a long time .
 At first I was a bit skeptical , even after reading the reviews for this product . After purchasing and using it , I found that the reviewers were right on . I erred in initially judging this product by its appearance . The spatula works great . It is flexible , but stiff enough not to fold over and drop what you are cooking . It has a beveled front edge that slides easily under fried eggs . It does not deteriorate on its edge as do many nylon products of this type . It is rated by the manufacturer for durability up to 430 degrees , although I do not plan to test this proported fact . It is a relatively compact tool as opposed to those lengthly , stiff , and sometimes unwieldly spatulas -LRB- ever use one of those with an 8 or 10 inch skillet ? -RRB- . It is great for use on non-stick skillets . Lastly , for the price it is definitely a good deal .
 I was lookling for an all purpose spatula that would not damage surface.The Matfer Slotted Pelton Spatula although not as large as I expected is a wonderful tool . Light weight , easy to use and it cleans up well.I purchased a second for our motorhome .
 I read about the spatula in Cooks Illustrated and they were right . It 's the best .
 I do like this spatula a lot . I find myself reaching for it often when I 'm using my nonstick cookware , but I have to say this thing is way overpriced . Literally , it could n't cost more than 5 cents to produce . Its a very lightweight molded plastic/vinyl spatula . The one I received had little bits of extra material I had to trim away with a knife where the mold fit together . Unless you have a lot of non-stick cookware you use , I would suggest buying a similarly designed metal fish turner/spatula rather than this one -LRB- mine is a Mundial brand , with a wood handle and pretty cheap at the restaurant supply store -RRB- . It will last longer and is just as ` fun ' to use.Update
 I must confess I have n't used it yet , but it 's every bit as well-formed and stiff as CI claimed . It 's very light but a good size . I see lots of successful egg , fish , and other delicate food-item flipping in my future !
 Once I gripped this mystical spatula in my hand I felt its power coursing through my veins and I was transformed into a MASTER CHEF . My eyes began to glow with electric blue energy and I immediately began doing back flips around the kitchen while cooking and flipping every bit of cookable and flippable food in the house . When people tasted of my food they wept with bliss and said I was indeed a true MASTER CHEF and that all food that had been tasted before and after mine now tasted like DIRT . You do n't know the power of the Master Chef . But if you buy this spatula YOU WILL .
 I love these little things . They do what they should , keeping wine and mineral water fresh . They will not leak , and they 're smaller and more attractive than any of the other options . I use them constantly and recommend them highly .
 In my opinion , these are the best bottle stoppers on the market . Someone gave me one as a gift ... and I could n't believe how well they held to the bottle .
 I love these little bottle stoppers . I have two of them and so far , so good . They are easy to use and seal the bottle pretty well . They are small enough to store in any drawer and being plastic , they wo n't chip or break easily .
 Im gon na cut to the chase . Im crazy about Martini . Vodka Martinis , Dry Martini , Martini and Red Bull ... the lot . But finding the perfect Martini suite plates to compliment an ice-cool Martini spritzer on the rocks had always been a nightmare , until I stumbled across the Guy Buffet Martini Suite Plates . The designs on these beauties are simply exquisite . Vive le Revolution !
 I just purchased Eschenbach Guy Buffet Martini Suite Plate set and I think they are wonderful . I have decided to not use them as salad plates but rather hang them above my bar in my dining room . I think they will make a great conversation piece there . Thank you for having such great kitchenware .
 Bought this for my 6 ' 5 '' son and it is perfect fit . Was hard finding a bed lounger that fit him and it works perfectly . Only problem is storing it is not easy but other than that it is great - great support while doing homework or reading .
 These glasses are great for every-day use . Unlike most Reidel it can fit in the dishwasher , and they are n't as likely to get tipped over since they 're so short . -LRB- They are thin and fairly fragile . -RRB- If you 're breaking out a $ 50 bottle of red wine , though , definitely spring for something with a larger bowl .
 This glass is not really ideal for any wine , but it 's a great everyday glass for everyday use , and it 's an excellent tasting glass . While you 'll want to pull out your special , grape-specific glasses for those special bottles , this glass is excellent for getting the most out of everyday wines with a minimum of fuss . They fit in the top rack of most dishwashers and are very durable . -LRB- I 've used them for the past 5 years . -RRB- Plus , when you are drinking that special bottle from your special glasses , it makes a very nice water glass .
 This is a really nice wine glass for every day use . If you are like me and do n't require a special glass for every different wine I think you will find this glass meets most of your needs . We break one occasionally in the dish washer but the price is so reasonable that it 's not a tragedy . I 've been using this glass for years and just order more when my supply gets low . Highly recommended .
 These glasses are very hard to find . So I looked on google and saw that Amazon had them . No only did they have them they were at a great price . So I bought some and when they can in , I saw they were exactly what I was looking for so I ordered 12 more glasses .
 I ca n't say enough good things about these glasses . The shape is ideal for red wine and/or any other beverage . The short stems make them ideal for the dishwasher and less susceptible to be knocked over by those who move their hands when they talk . My first set was purchased over 10 years ago . Because I used them `` everyday '' -LRB- the name is appropriate -RRB- , it took over 10 years to break them all . Actually , I think a 6.7 earthquake finished off the last three -LRB- out of six -RRB- . I have spent one year experimenting with other glassware , but nothing is a substitute for Riedel 's Everyday Glass . If you want to feel elegant everytime you have a beverage , buy these . NOTE
 Although I have Riedel Cab and Pinot glasses , they must be washed by hand so I usually use them only for great wine or for guests . The gourmet glass fits easily in the diishwasher , stores easily in any cupboard and delivers good taste , especially for whites , in a convenient manner . As an `` everyday '' glass , it has no peer .
 These glasses work well for a lot of wines and fit into any dish washer . They enhance the wine and resist chips so they are the go to glass for everything except cab/merlot/pinot .
 this is our second set . Great for casual wine glasses that can go right into the dishwasher .
 this is the second time I 've ordered these glasses , replacing some that broke from daily usage . their short stems are ideal for dishwashers . the small bowl however makes them less than ideal for hearty reds . best for white wines . for reds , go with Riedel 's stemless tumbler style wine glasses . the lack of a stem is not ideal , but you 'll appreciate how they fit in the dishwasher .
 These are the glasses that M.Chapoutier uses in their tasting room for their exquisite wines in France . I have been searching for this glass since I broke the glass I brought back . If they are good enough for Chapoutier 's Chteauneuf du Pape , they are good enough for me !
 These are excellent every day wine glasses . We lived in Europe for a long time and formed the habit of having wine with dinner every evening . We have a fairly full collection of the other Vinum glasses , and a few of the Sommelier series for really good bottles . These are excellent for every day , when you do n't want the hassle of hand-cleaning crystal . We put them in the dishwasher and they work fine . The stem is short , but we do not find it awkward . We have gone through several sets over the years , since glasses do break in daily use , and always try to have a dozen on hand for parties .
 These glasses are great ! We use them for water glasses along with our other Riedel stemware . We also use them as wine glasses when we are out on the deck or just in daily wine consumption . Because of the short stem we 're less likely to knock them over accidentally during casual dining . They also fit nicely in the dishwasher which beats hand washing any day . The price was very reasonable
 Having NO idea why the below reviews mention that these are made in France ... They are NOT they are from Austria . However these are n't actually made by Riedel . They are made ` for ' Riedel . Wonderful to use for sparkling water . Would not use for wine . Riedel is the leading wine glass manufacturer . Buy the correct wine glass for the wine . You will be amazed . The glass DOES make a difference .
 Yes , the stem is short . Yes , if you have a big nose , it may get caught . And worst of all , they do come from France , which is a very good reason not to buy them . BUT that being said , you will not find a more pleasant , delicate glass to hold or sip from in this price range . More importantly , they fit into the upper level of the dishwasher , their single most important attribute . And if you break one or two or three , no tears , throw away the pieces and buy a new ones . Now that you can not say about Waterford .
 Very fast delivery . Fits my existing entertainment center . I needed an extra shelf for the DVD player . The color matches my entertainment center . Looks like it was made for it .
 This was the perfect shelf for our dining room display wall . We bought 4 of them for displaying ceramics and bottles , so they needed to be well braced . The `` wings '' give them a lot of stability , they can be mounted with the wings up or down , and the dark cherry finish is very nice .
 i have been looking for a high powered ionic air cleaner for awhile , when i found this i knew it was the right one . it is an awesome machine . the air in my apt . smells like fresh air when i use it and my allergies do n't bother me like they did before . i highly recomend this machine
 This dish , and other glass ones like it , are for baking -LRB- casseroles , brownies , lasagna , etc. -RRB- and Pyrex serves this purpose just fine . But it is not intended for roasting , 400 + degrees , or direct conduction of heat!Unlike steel , cast iron or -LRB- especially ! -RRB- aluminum , glass is a thermal insulator . Therefore directly applying heat/cold -LRB- like burner flame -RRB- results in disparate temperatures across the material . Since heat is just molecular vibration , the temp . difference means the dish is vibrating `` against '' itself at different speeds.Many of the reviewers complaining about dish `` explosions '' have discovered this the hard way . Of the current 21 reviews , there are two cases of attempting to make gravy on a burner , one roasting beef at 475 degrees , one roasting Thanksgiving turkey , and one transferring pork roased at 425 to a `` warm '' burner . It should be very easy for anyone to destroy whatever glass dish with similar techniques ... as I did , many years ago in my mother 's kitchen ! Surely legitimate flaws attributable to Pyrex do exist , but flaws revealed during unintended use are a different matter .
 These Pyrex dishes are hard to beat for the price . You have to be careful with them , however , because they can explode I highly recommend that whenever removing them from an oven to immediately place it on top of the oven to rest for a few minutes . That way you 're more assured of it not breaking . I would recommend a pottery dish over this one though but if you 're looking for cheap , this is it . But please be careful . You absolutely can not take these from the fridge and put it in the oven . I guarantee it will explode .
 Of course glass will shatter at extremely high temperatures and Pyrex was never intended to be used on the stovetop or under the broiler . People , please read the directions for proper use . I 've baked and roasted in pyrex for years with wonderful and tasty results .
 I 've been using Pyrex for as long as I 've been baking . I use almost nothing else in my oven , microwave , and refrigerator . I 've never had any problem with breakage of ANY kind . My idiot sister managed to break a piece by putting it on a hot stovetop burner -LRB- not an approved use -RRB- , then pouring cold water into it . That will break any kind of glass , and will even warp cheap metal.I 'd rate all Pyrex as perfect if it were a bit lighter , and if it were nonstick . As it is , nearly every piece of Pyrex out there gets four stars from me .
 I have been using the same 2 - and 3-quart Pyrex oblong dishes for over 35 years with no problems . But mostly I bake chicken and desserts in them at temps no higher than 350 deg . I agree with another reveiwer that perhaps the problems are with manufacturing . Is the company cutting costs and/or is their Quality dept. lax ? I was going to buy a new set of Pyrex , but after reading the negative reiews will keep my weathered old set .
 i found this item to be what i expected , the item was send nicely packed and in good condition . Recieved the item on the date i was told i would recieve it . Very good experience .
 If you ever get a chance to just watch the opening scenes at the start of this movie you will understand why the French think Jerry Lewis is a comic genius!Love the poster , too !
 I use the Riedel vintage cuvee champagne flutes for sparkling wines -LRB- 416/48 -RRB- , the chianti/zinfandel/riesling -LRB- 416/15 -RRB- glasses for white wines and everyday drinking , the syrah/Rhone -LRB- 416/30 -RRB- glasses for red wine , and the port glasses -LRB- 416/60 -RRB- for port and other fortified wines , dessert wines , and cognac . These glasses form a comprehensive set for me , and the shapes match nicely.For everyday use , these glasses are much smaller than the glasses designated for other red wines
 I 've done many , many tests on how wine tastes differently in various glass options and in different situations . Riedel is one of the tests that is easy for even beginning drinkers to see the difference in . The flavor is * amazingly * different when you compare the exact same wine in a Riedel glass vs normal wine glasses.Even if you buy inexpensive wines , you will get much more enjoyment out of them with this glassware compared to other options . If you are buying mid-range wines , the difference will blow you away . Think of the Riedel glass as allowing you to see what the wine in your bottle * really * was meant to taste like.I * love * not only Chianti but also red Zinfandel wines , and this is perfect for both . In addition , you can use the Chianti glass for a number of other red wine types , and find it greatly enhances the flavor for them all . If you 're a red wine lover , definitely give these a try !
 Made of lead crystal , Riedel glasses are designed to enhance the full potential of the wine being served . Starting in the 1700 's , the Austrian Riedel family has made the highest quality glassware . Each glass in their stemware line is designed around individual grapes , the wine created from them , and the flow of the wine onto the tongue -- however I recommend these Chianti glasses if you are looking for one glass to use for all wines . Cheers !
 It 's a bit of a long story , maybe more than you want to know , but it might help you make what 'll one day be a decision you 'll look back on with favor . So here goes : Five years ago , a buddy of mine invited me to dinner in honor of my birthday . He 'd opened a 10 year old bottle of Storybook Mountain organic zinfandel , and offered me a glass . It was marvelous . Then he said , `` Well , try it in this . '' He gave me another glass -LRB- it was the Riedel Vinum chianti/zin glass -RRB- , and I put it under my nose . Encountering the focused bouquet of this terrific wine from that glass was like being smacked in the face . I was thunderstruck . I kept moving back and forth between the two glasses and was utterly staggered by the difference . The power of the Riedel glass to deliver the wine to the nose made me a believer for life.Years before , I 'd heard a Riedel engineer on the radio explaining the science behind the sizing and shaping of glasses for different types of wine . I was as skeptical as the sarcastic radio host . Even though I was a committed wine geek , I was resistant to the notion that one needed at least a few different styles of stemware to get the most out of wine . After my encounter with the vinum chianti/zin glass , I was hooked.The only drawback is having to buy six , which may be more than some people need . If you do a bit of searching on the web , you 'll find some retailers who offer these glasses singly . If you love chianti and/or zinfandel -LRB- red zinfandel , that is -RRB- , do yourself a favor and try one of these glasses . You 'll never go back !
 Upon reading the glowing recommendations of these glasses , we promptly ordered them and now use them almost daily!Excellent for all types of wine , a nice value and a great `` beginner '' set.A word of caution ; they DO scratch easily , treat them with TLC .
 These glasses are as functional as they are beautiful . Well ballanced and comfortable in the hand . They are the first glass to buy to begin a collection , great all purpose wine glasses .
 We received these as a wedding gift and we love them . They feel so balanced in our hands . They also look `` quality '' . My husband is n't much of a wine drinker but he enjoys drinking wine in these . He also likes the way they sound when we clink glasses.These are the only high-end wine glasses we own and the shape and size of the glasses work for red wine as well as white wine for everday use . Later in our married life I 'm sure we 'll get more wine glasses for different needs but these are perfect for starters . I 'm grateful to the previous reviewers who led me to these glasses which we then registered for .
 I think the artist captures the ideal thought of the white buffalo and what it means.It has a light faint olive hue with the white . I love it .
 The poster was recieved within 7 days and it was exactly as described in the listing . The paper was think and it displays well . I put it in a wooden frame with a green matting and it looks beautiful .
 Great quality mold , but a couple of quirks . First , make sure you use a very dense cake mix , such as a pound cake . Second , bake longer than the 50 minutes suggested . My first one looked done on the top , but the bottom was still underbaked . Think I baked mine a total of 65 minutes for the second successful try . Suggest making a test cake before doing one under a time constraint .
 I used this pan with a dense scratch vanilla pound cake . It was a great consistency for stability.A few notes though ; 1 . Do not poke through tester hole for done-ness unless you have to . This made my cake fall and loose some of its fluffy .2 . Cook for a while after you think it is done . I ended up cooking for about 70min .3 . Do listen and used the proper amount of batter . -LRB- I did n't use cake release , I used shortening and flour - no problems -RRB- 4 . Do trim the excess around the seam - it will crack . Also shave the bottom for better balance .5 . If using the Wilton frosting recipe included , make a double batch and separate your white reserve immediately . * Wilton Tint is amazing * 6 . Frost your beak FIRST . It is easier to fix if you use your dark color first than the other way around . -LRB- yes , I learned this through trial and error ... -RRB- I used dark purple jelly beans for eyes - they turned out well.I used the Wilton decorating press gun and that may be the best $ 12 I have EVER spent at WalMart . Took about an hour including making 2 separate batches frosting , tinting , and decoration.Wilton Dessert Decorator Pro -LRB- This is the metal/pro version of what I have -RRB-
 The pan itself is pretty well made , it fits together nicely but to make the pans fit together , one side is slightly smaller than the other , even after the cake was iced this was still somewhat noticable to me but no one else seemed to notice.This pan was n't too hard to use , just fill the one side with cakemix from a full box then carefully put the top on and tie together with cooking twine -LRB- I found around the neck and back end of the duck works well -RRB- . You do have to make sure to coat the pan well and using the Wilton cake release -LRB- but not too much , it will cause the cake to break apart -RRB- helps get the duck out easily . I had read some other reviews that said pound cake was necessary , I made this twice with a regular butter flavored cake mix and it came out fine.For anyone who is wondering -LRB- mainly if you 've never done something like this before -RRB- , you will definately need cooking twine and a cookie sheet for this cake , Wilton cake release is nice to have , though you can probably use something else if you are sure the cake will come out . A sharp knife is nice to have to cut the bottom so it is even and a smaller sharp knife to cut the pieces that stick off around the edges also helps . Plan on putting icing underneath to keep it steady . If you are following the directions in the box you will need various cake decorating supplies -LRB- bags , tips , gel food coloring -RRB- and more icing is necessary for decorating a cake wiht the icing bags than just coating it and using a knife to spread the icing out , having about 3 jars of premade icing will help ensure you do n't run out . Also , I found it easier to use M&M ; 's or skittles for eyes instead of making a tiny amount of dark colored icing and using it for the eyes .
 Follow the baking directions exactly and it will turn out great . I used a french vanilla cake mix and it was dense enough -LRB- do n't have to use pound cake -RRB- . Looked wonderful .
 My Daughter loves ducks . In fact , her ducks have taken over our bathroom ... house ... car ... so when I saw this pan , I had to buy it . I was nervous about the cake sticking , but using a baking spray -- no problem ! I may not be the best decorator in the world , but my best friend , bless her heart , thought that I had bought this cake . The pan is quite easy to use - pour cake batter into the bottom of the pan , place top and secure * it clips into place * and bake . Yep . That easy . You test the doneness through a hole in the pan -- easy peasy ! So glad that I bought this pan !
 Not much to say , i put the batter in , i cook it , and out comes a perfect duck everytime.Thanks
 Perfect cake pan - cake did not stick at all came out wonderful - used a pound cake mix and it worked perfect !! can not wait to make it again . .
 I was so excited to get my duck pan . I ordered it real late on the 3rd , shipped on the 6th and received it on the 9th , so it was very quick getting here ! My daughter is 26 now but she still loves ducks and I am making this Duck cake for her , for my first grand baby 's shower . I am making it a Lemon cake , her favorite . -LRB- and mine -RRB- Thanks to Barbara 's World - Amazon Marketplace for having it here before the weekend ! Love the pan ...
 My daughter asked for this for Christmas , and soon made a darling cake from it . She 's very pleased , as were we .
 I purchased this mold for my daughter 's baby shower . I was worried the cake might stick to the pan , but it came out perfectly . My only suggestion would be that Wilton provide clamps or something to secure the mold . Directions said to secure with kitchen string or wire , which I did not have so I had to buy a big spool of kitchen string -LRB- which I doubt I will use again -RRB- to secure the mold . This was also a bit awkward to tie , and required two people to ensure the string was tight enough .
 I had to try it 3 different times to get it right . Definitely use pound cake . Once iced it looked even better .
 So far I have only decorated it with coconut , but hte cake looks great . It is just adorable and everyone loves it .
 I am very pleased with my purchase . It came promptly and in good shape .
 Surprised the wife with this for Mother 's Day ... tickled her pink ! Best of all ... various recipes included with the pan to further expand her already wonderful kitchen skills -LRB- ca n't wait to try the lemon mousse ! -RRB- . Ca n't wait for the first try on it , maybe this weekend !
 I found this cake pan very easy to use . Fun to decorate.My family liked it . I added a bigger duck bill and a baseball hat to give it some character .
 The cake came out great - and , with the help of some frosting for support , actually sat up perfectly ! Just be sure to use enough batter when filling up the pan !
 This pan was perfect . I made the duck cake for my daughter 's first birthday and it was absolutely adorable ! Everyone who was at her party loved it and so did she !! My goal was to have a theme that most people would n't have and we definitely succeeded . Plus , my daughter loves ducks , so it was a no brainer . This pan would be perfect for baby showers as well !
 The cake turned out pretty good , but on two tries it did n't rise all of the way so the duck was a little flat on one side .
 I have used this pan two times . One for a baby shower and one for a outdoor hunting event . I loved the way the duck came out , it is formed great . The only problem I had was I learned to put string around the cake mold to keep shape of the duck . If any cake mix leaks out it changes the shape of the duck . I wet the string good before baking to be sure it did not catch on fire . It worked great . I loved the finished product . It is also very easy when icing the different colors you need for the duck . I know I will use this mold a lot .
 This pan was so easy to use ! The directions were simple . I only wish the pan went together a little more evenly . I had to trim the cake quite a bit to get rid of the ridges where the pans connected .
 I bought this to use for my son 's first birthday and the cake turned out very cute ! The only downside is that the pan is a bit small and we were expecting a lot of people . My sister did a regular cake as `` water '' or a `` pond '' and put the duck on top . It turned out great !
 I just love this pillow sham , but I do n't think they used ` color-fast ' dyes in some of their threads and fabrics . I washed it before use , JUST AS IT SAID TO DO , it probably sat in the washer wet for 10-15 minutes before I took it out to dry . There was black dye all over the sham , it had bled from the applique stitching . Amazon quickly and smoothly replaced it for me and I soaked the new one in vinegar and water before washing and was SURE to take it out of the washer immediately . No problems this time .
 We currently live in France , a country where wine is etched into the national consciousness . We invited some French friends over to compare Australian and French wines of the same grape varieties -LRB- chardonnay , cabernet , merlot -RRB- , but did n't have enough Riedel glasses to go around . Some of us were consistently rating wines lower - and then we realised that they had the non-Riedel glasses . A quick tour of the table with the same wine in the two types of glass convinced everybody of the merits of this glassware . A TIP ON WASHING
 There are n't any wine glasses out there that I prefer over the Riedel Vinum series -LRB- except the Sommelier of course -RRB- . I do have one observation though , and this is why I did n't give this glass a 5 star rating
 I rushed right out and got a set of Riedel Syrah Vinum series stemware after being served wine in them at a restaurant . I simply had n't been convinced by the press or seeing them in stores . But having used them for a month , I can say that they 've made a world of difference in my enjoyment.Oenophiles -LRB- like me -RRB- will tell you that the choice of glass will determine how your wine is aerated based on how much surface area is exposed , and how the escaping fumes are concentrated , based on size and shape of bowl above the level of a filled glass . This does wonders for balancing fruit and acidity , especially on the nose . You might want a bunch of Riedel stemware to match with your wine if you are no longer challenged by food pairings.In addition to taste , the 24 % lead crystal is perfect for evaluating the hue , intensity , and clarity of wine , the glasses are perfectly balanced for swirling , and they are perfectly shaped for evaluating the nose of a nice syrah -LRB- Rhone , California -RRB- , aka shiraz -LRB- Australia -RRB- . They will also work for grenache -LRB- Chateauneuf -RRB- , mourvedre -LRB- Bandol -RRB- or big zinfandels -LRB- California -RRB- . The elegant styling does n't hurt , either . One word of warning , though
 I received the Riedel Syrah glasses as a gift after lusting after them for ages . I now wish I 'd just bought them for myself . My husband and I did a side-by-side tasting of a yummy Rhone in our regular glasses and in the Riedels . No comparison , the Riedels are great . Plus , they 're beautiful !
 I attended Tulsa Chef Fest 2002 in November and attended a Riedel conducted seminar sampling a series of wines from around the world . I was skeptical but after the seminar I am rabid convert preaching the word . The effect of these glasses on wine is simply amazing . In the subsequent couple of weeks my wife and I purchased several of the Vinum series - `` Bordeaux '' , `` Chablis '' -LRB- Chardonnay -RRB- , `` Sauvignon Blanc '' and `` Syrah '' . We will be adding more in time . The Syrah glasses are particular effective at concentrating the nose of the Australian and South African wines we have already enjoyed . Your satisfaction is guaranteed and the price , even at full retail , is worth every penny for the years you will enjoy with this superb glassware .
 I often heard about the benefits of using Reidel crystal to enhance the flavor and bouquet of wine , but never tried it until I bought this set . And it is true -- I chose a nice bottle of petit syrah wine , but it was even better than usual in the Reidal stemware.Be prepared -- it is a really big piece of stemware .
 The Riedel Vinum series of stemware is very good , and the syrah/Rhone glass is no exception . The size and shape of the bowl really do enhance the bouquets of Chateauneuf de Pape , Cornas , Gigondas , and other southern and northern Rhone wines , as well as Australian or Californian shiraz/syrah based wines . -LRB- I 've also found it to be quite good for brunellos , and some sangiovese-grosso based super-Tuscans . The only drawback is having to buy six , which may be more than some people need . If you do a little searching on the web , you 'll find that these glasses are available singly from some retailers.However , that said , this is not a bad glass for everyday use , if you prefer to have just one glass for red wine ; I 'd probably choose the Spiegelau vino grande magnum bordeaux glass for that purpose , but each to his own .
 The is a gorgeous wine glass . The same bottle of wine takes much better in the appropriate glass . Worth every penny !
 They really add to your wine enjoyment . And the second shippment actually came in one piece . Amazon was real good about the return but they were not package well for shipment .
 Plenty of Incense , pleasant vibes with the scent , good value . I 'd like to learn more information about the quality of the company 's ingredients .
 I absolutely love these Eqyptian Goddess incense sticks . They burn evenly , last a long time , and fill the room with a wonderful scent .
 All incense is not created equal and Auric Blends obviously uses better oil in their blend . Egyptian Goddess is their flagship product and they use the scent in the incense , perfume and candles . It has a subtle infiltration into your space unlike the harsh cheap oil used in stuff you could buy from a gas station , dollar store , etc. . WIll you like it ? I do n't know but it 's worth trying once especially if you are a Prime customer .
 I love the smell of the oil . Ordered this with hopes that I could have the same smell throughout the house . I 'm so happy that I finally got them in today . They smell just as lovely as the oil and burn for a good amount if time . I like that the smoke is subtle and does n't burn my eyes like some other incense . I will definitely reorder soon as I 'm sure these will go quickly . I love them !
 Love the smooth smell of this Egyptian Goddess Incense sticks . They smell like smooth musky but in a subtle way . A great balance and a great burn . The wafting of the smell travels lightly and lingers beautifully ' Will re-order '
 Absolutely love Nag Champa but decided to try this one and was extremely pleased . After smelling this I had to go back and order the roll on oil . Ca n't wait to get it . If you like earthy , musky , patchouli-like scents you will love this incense !!! Will definitely re-order .
 After we bought a pair of these to replace some older Champagne flutes , one use sent us running back to the store to stock up - it 's now the only stem we use . The shape is classic , elegant and has a nice weight - balancing delicacy with just enough sturdiness to feel reassuring . We 've found that with some other stemware we 've owned , our guests feel a little hesitant to handle the slender stem . I know from experience that hand-washing makes me pretty nervous after snapping the stem off some fine but too-delicate pieces . These , on the other hand , have just the right heft without sacrificing any of their `` crystal '' character.The best part of all is that every glass creates a little ring of bubbles at the surface right in the middle of the glass -LRB- when it sits still for a moment -RRB- . Apparently they 've designed the glass to do just that . We also find that with richer , more aromatic Champagnes these glasses do a very good job of showcasing the nose of the wine .
 The perfect Riedel Champagne glass focuses the nose of the Champagne like focusing a magnifying glass . Layers of flavor become apparent singlely , instead of just a muddled mass . Straight up & down tulip shaped glasses that hold in fine bubbles , so the wine does n't go flat , may hold sightly better , but this glass really focuses the nose better.Be careful hand washing , turn upside down and hold NEAR glass and shake gently , do n't hold the bottom or stem may crack . Hang dry upside down.Yeah they are pricey . Frankly all the Reidel glasses , each designed specifically for a different varietal , focus nose better than those made by any other glass maker I know . These people know what they are doing . They must have some real sommeliers -LRB- wines experts in restaurants -RRB- on their staff to design these . For high end wines , get the specific Reidel glass designed for what you drink most!I have also used these for tasting quality dessert wines and cognac -LRB- only filling up a quarter or less -RRB- and they worked well for parsing noses !
 I 'm a Riedel fan because I used to work for wines business so I had chance to test different glasses for free , and Riedel offer the best quality along with the price factor . I have Sommelier Bordeaux glasses -LRB- real great for collection wines but it 's a pain to hand wash it by myself with great care next morning -RRB- but Vinum series are the best for daily use . I do n't mind that litte logo at all so it 's not a problem to me -LRB- as long as it 's my favour brand names -RRB- . But caution
 I 've done many , many tests on how wine tastes differently in various glass options and in different situations . Riedel is one of the tests that is easy for even beginning drinkers to see the difference in . The flavor is * amazingly * different when you compare the exact same wine in a Riedel glass vs normal wine glasses.Even if you buy inexpensive wines , you will get much more enjoyment out of them with this glassware compared to other options . If you are buying mid-range wines , the difference will blow you away . Think of the Riedel glass as allowing you to see what the wine in your bottle * really * was meant to taste like.Champagne and sparkling wine are traditional at special occasions , but they 're also being drunk more and more as a ` regular ' accompanyment to sushi and before a meal . It 's great that people are enjoying this delicious wine any time , and these glasses help bring out the great flavors in sparklers .
 These glasses strike just the right taste/aesthetics/quality / price balance . They are perfect to use to enjoy fine champagne at parties and not so fragile that I worry about the glasses being too easily broken or too costly to replace if something did happen to any of them .
 best champagne glasses you can ever find under $ 50 . ca n't beat Riedel 's quality . good price too . as good as it gets . 4 sets please
 One out of my four stems has a defect
 These are very functional and versatile glasses . I use them quite often .
 These glasses are a great choice for red wine and a great bargain on Riedel.Another reviewer noted that Amazon.com 's price was higher than Williams Sonoma ... that is simply incorrect . Amazon , com 's price is for 4 glasses , while the Williams Sonoma price is for only 2 glasses.If you have not yet tried any Riedel stemware , this is a great place to start ... but note , once you start , you will never want to drink wine from other brandless stemware again !
 Love these glasses for Pinots and Red Burgs . A friend also suggested them for Chards and White Burgs and they work quite well for that . Very delicate so careful hand washing and drying is essential . But a few broken glasses over time is a small price to pay for a heightened gustatory and olfactory experience -LRB- OK , I do n't really talk like that , but you get the point -RRB- . These glasses will make your wines sing in 3 part harmony and in different key signatures -LRB- I do talk like that -RRB- . If you buy these and like them , someday treat yourself to the next and very highest of the Riedels -LRB- I ca n't remember the name -RRB- for whatever your favorite varietal is . Man are they expensive and delicate , but they will transform your experience of wine . These will be a bridge to take you there , or upon which to stop and drink forever .
 Riedel makes the finest wine glasses in the world . I ca n't quite step up to pay for the Sommelier series , but the Vinum does n't disappoint . The glasses have a nice weight , and they look fantastic !
 I was thrilled to see these red wine glasses at the Friday Sale ; I was finally able to afford to try the famous Reidel glasses . These are very , very nice and worthy of their reputation . They are simple and well balanced . Now add wine
 I must admit that I do n't know much about wine and I never thought the glass could make the difference . Wine is wine , no matter what you drink it from , or so I thought , but boy , was I wrong ! I borrowed a couple of different glasses from my local store just to see if it was really worth it to have separate glasses for the different grape varieties ... and the answer is yes ! Yes ! YES!I tried the same wine in different glasses at home , seevral ordinary glasses , even mugs , and then in the wrong and finally in the right Riedel . It was an average priced wine , but when enjoyed from a Riedel glass it became an almost heavenly experience . I sat the whole evening enjoying the colour , inhaling the bouquet , looking at the wine flowing in my glass ... after 6 hours I still was n't even halfway through a bottle ... it was really something extraordinary . Normally , I finish a bottle in a matter of 3 hours or so , but this was too good to be gulped and forgotten . The guys at Riedel got this one right , that 's for sure.The cleaning however takes a certain skill . It 's a very delicate affair , especially since this glass has a wide belly and a rather narrow opening for male-sized hands , making it very difficult to reach inside with a linen cloth for drying .
 I 've been using this glass for years now ... I agree it 's one of the best all around for enjoying a myriad of wine types ...
 Wonderful glaases , they just arrived , ca n't wait till I have my first burgundy with it.Sorry , unfortunately one glass out of eight was broken.Will not send it back , please credit my account for that value.ThanksEmil
 OK , maybe you know that Riedel crafts a separate shape for every variety of wine under the sun - and that this one is designed for Pinot Noir or red Burgundy . As a devoted fan of those wines I can tell you that the glass really does make them taste -LRB- and more importantly smell -RRB- much finer ; letting you truly appreciate the uniquely aromatic character of that grape . So much of the detail rises up from this wide , tapered bowl that they 'll `` tear a lesser wine apart '' to quote some of the literature.Snobbery aside , I have to say that these are also my favorite all-around wine glasses . I find that the aroma of all my wines is more pleasing to me in these glasses . The bowl is designed to make swirling your wine virtually risk-free , even if you 're hovering over -LRB- or wearing -RRB- something that stains easily while you madly agitate the glass . It also leaves you free to wander through a dinner party or spend a crazed dinner hour chasing the kids around the table , all without worrying that an absent-minded moment will empty your glass and add to the dog 's already worrisome drinking problem.This is the `` house glassware '' in my house now , as it should be in yours .
 I 've done many , many tests on how wine tastes differently in various glass options and in different situations . Riedel is one of the tests that is easy for even beginning drinkers to see the difference in . The flavor is * amazingly * different when you compare the exact same wine in a Riedel glass vs normal wine glasses.Even if you buy inexpensive wines , you will get much more enjoyment out of them with this glassware compared to other options . If you are buying mid-range wines , the difference will blow you away . Think of the Riedel glass as allowing you to see what the wine in your bottle * really * was meant to taste like.I enjoy both US Pinot Noirs as well as Burgundies , and this is perfect for both . If you 're a pinot fan , definitely give these a try !
 These glasses are , like all the Vinum series , beautiful stemware . The quality is immediately apparent , and the fact that they are crystal means they stay cleaner than glass and do n't pick up smells from their contents -LRB- and are easier to hand-wash -RRB- . People have already commented on the shape being so good for tasting reds.Something that should be mentioned is that the shape and large size , which are designed to allow the aroma of the wine to reach your nose and palate properly and to allow good oxidation , can be misleading . These glasses hold -- if you were to fill them -- 24 ounces of wine . Novice vinophile beware ! :-RRB- I think maybe 1/3 full or less is about right.Amazon should do a better job making it easy to compare the size of the different Vinum series glasses . If you have n't seen them in person you might get quite a shock if you ordered either these or the Bordeaux -LRB- 22 oz -RRB- . The photos make all the glasses appear the same size.The reason I mention it is that if you are n't going to drink the specific wines these glasses are intended for , you will probably do better with one of the other Vinums as a more general-purpose red glass . -LRB- Chianti/Zin , perhaps ? -RRB- They take up a lot of room . Extremely wonderful for their intended purpose , though ...
 Received a set as an engagement gift , and absolutely love these . It is amazing how the shape of the glass capture the nose of the wine , these are a must for those that enjoy the pleasures of the vine .
 Not only do these wine glasses vastly improve the aroma and taste of Burgundy -LRB- my favorite -RRB- and Pinot Noir , they make all red wines smell and taste better , including Bordeaux and Cabs and most Italian and Spanish wines I 've used them for . My average-priced everyday Cab is much improved in these wine glasses -- it tastes like a much more expensive wine .
 I have been using these glasses for several years . When I first looked at them I thought `` what difference can the shape , etc. of the glass make ? '' The answer is `` a great deal of difference '' . Cheap they are not , but if you are serious about red Burgs and PNs , these glasses are a necessity .
 I am a firm believer in the use of this stemware for burgundies and pinots of distinction . But beware - this glass will make lesser wines unravel at the seams.As an example , I recently discovered a $ 15 Oregon pinot that I found quite pleasant . After sampling this wine from Bordeaux/cabernet wine glasses at a friend 's house , I found this wine quite nice and decided to buy several bottles . However , after trying it in the Burgundy glass , which has a wider bowl which allows more aromas to escape , as well as a more narrow lip that traps and concentrates the bouquet , the wine smelled alcoholic , acidic , and medicinal.The moral of the story
 I surprised my wife with the Riedel Vinum Burgundy/Pinot Noir glasses as a Christmas gift . We proceeded to set-up a `` taste test '' comparing our regular wine glasses to the new Riedel . The other reviews are correct ! The difference in all aspects of tasting were remarkable ! This will become our `` every day '' glass .
 Ok , I 'm wary of everyone that will read this and , like me in the past , think anyone who believes the glass wine is consumed from can have a bearing on it 's taste and enjoyment ... but IT DOES ! Try them , you 'll see . I especially love the thin almost flexible nature of the rim of each glass . Cheers .
 Pyrex Bakeware 4.8 Quart Oblong Baking Dish , I had it for years my Family has many of them all sizes and shapes some old some new and we never had a problem , the Baking Dish that is in my Kitchen is the one I Baked all the Cakes and Casseroles you see in the Pictures Posted , it is the one I reach for when I have to Bake a Large Cake or Casserole , We have nothing else , they are Not for Stove Top or Broiler use ... I 've seen people using them like that and accidents do happen!I 'm sorry for those Folks who had problems with them , however , I think it is a Great Baking Dish , everything we have is PYREX ... What is better than That ? Pyrex has a long history of producing superior Cookware , actually since 1919 originally called `` Fire Glass '' because it could withstand Heat , I always wash them by hand and do not expose it to rapid temperature changes , I would never take the Baking Dish from the Refrigerator to the Oven , or from a Hot Oven to Cold running water , I 'm always carefull because after all ... it is Glass ! The Best Glass ... Pyrex ! Check Pictures Posted , Thank You
 Really nice very large glass baking dish . I used this over the Holiday season and really am happy with it . It was large enough for my turkey . I had been looking for this size and found it here at Amazon .
 Pyrex makes an excellent clear , see-through `` 4.8 Quart Oblong Baking Dish . '' I have used this for over three years now and it 's never cracked , smelled `` funny , '' broken or done anything bad . It is perfect for baking things that can fit into this size baking dish . Indeed , a Pyrex dish like this one is THE choice when you want to bake things in ovens.This dish is also microwave safe although it 'll never fit in my microwave ! I have used it to bake chicken , potatoes and more on many occasions in my regular oven . They say that it 's also safe for freezer use ; but I ca n't comment on that because I never used it to store things in my freezer . It 's probably safe in the freezer , I think.It also is dishwasher safe . However , you can wash it with dishwashing soap and water in the kitchen sink . It certainly does not require the dishwasher `` treatment '' so if you do n't own a dishwasher I would n't hesitate to buy this -- you can clean it just as well in the kitchen sink.I would store this in a cabinet or kitchen drawer that is paper lined or has a see-through vinyl lining . That way , just in case you accidentally put it back before it is completely dry on the bottom it wo n't make nasty stains on the cabinet shelf or drawer.I genuinely feel very badly for the reviewers whose dishes broke on them ; but I am certain that this is the exception and not the norm . The company would be going out of business or it would be out of business already -LRB- especially in these times -RRB- if all of these dishes were breaking . My dish feels very solid to the touch . Indeed , my baking dish is so sturdy that I ca n't imagine what it would take to break it.I really ca n't think of any major negatives to write about this product . If you can catch this on sale , stock up and buy a few ! They last forever and the amount of care this baking dish requires is truly minimal.Happy baking !
 This is my chickenwing - lasagna - sheet cake - veggie roaster - everything pan.so I break them every so often ! I had a hard time finding them before I discovered amazon . Amazon is my google . They helpless find e help me find anything.they sell this pan seperately -LRB- not in a set -RRB- so I ordered two
 Pyrex is always the best for baking . It is durable , easy to clean . It can be a great serving dish as well .
 If you make casseroles for large groups , this larger size dish will do the trick . It 's durable . Remember it 's glass , so caution when cooking as it tends to brown on the bottom quickly . I will often use a baking pan underneath .
 Received this and used it immediately and was very very satisfied . When pyrex gets old it becomes somewhat etched and difficult to clean , you do n't realize this until you get a new one . Will be replacing all my old glass this year ! Love this product .
 I 've been using this same glass pan for 15 years . For all I know , I will still be using it 15 years from now . I cook frozen fries in it at 550 degrees .
 I have a large family -LRB- six kids with assorted in-laws and grandkids -RRB- and when we all get together for a family dinner I had trouble getting dishes big enough to prepare and serve in large quantities . This 4 QT pyrex dish is wonderful . I think this is a must have for anyone . Even if your single you probably will have to take a potluck dish somewhere in your lifetime . This is the one to use . It is even large enough to make a great big batch of those essential brownies !
 I bought this to replace an aluminum cake pan . I wanted a non reactive pan at a reasonable price . I like to make a sour cream banana cake and it reacts with the aluminum which turns the outside black . This pan was just what I needed . It can take the over sized recipes that I make and it will be great for lasagna . I just made a quick apple crisp last night and it turned out great . Anyone who has a larger family will appreciate the extra size.I did not buy it at Amazon because of their excessive price -LRB- at the time $ 20.00 -RRB- . Amazon seems to be jacking up prices . I am not sure why but as an Amazon prime account holder I am disappointed . I found it cheaper at Worldkitchen.com . That included the shipping fee . Maybe that 's why Amazon came down on their price this week , but I also bought a Lock & Lock container so the shipping fee was for two items and therefore they were a lot cheaper at World Kitchen including the shipping . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This dish is great . Very durable and big . Great for making large dishes such as baked macaroni and cheese , baked ziti etc. . Enough to feed a large family with plenty of left overs . Great deal , worth every penny !
 The baking dishes are fine , wonderful . I am satisfied with my purchase . I could n't find them anywhere else , so I am happy .
 Arrived fast , perfect condition ... I 'm a huge pyrex fan ! I bought this when Amazon offered $ 25 off a purchase of 149 or more ? Something like that . So I ordered this and a bunch of lodge logic items . They all got here faster than I thought possible ... great condition . I 'll continue to shop for glassware and cast iron from Amazon ... shopping made so simple !
 this came very fast and looks better then the picture ! it has sort of a baby blue tint to it . . its a great deal !
 I looked all over town for a 4.8 quart baking dish and amazon was the only place that I was able to find one.I wanted a blue one which is like the one that she broke but could only find a clear one . Do n't think that theymake the blue ones any more
 This baking dish is larger than the one it replaced , but it is exceptional . It takes the heat of an oven very well and clean up , so far , has been easy .
 This is a good sized pan . It is the biggest one I got now . Bigger than I could find at any local store . It works good and the glass is really strong and pretty think .
 Great for making large meals ! Great quality , gets lots of use , and lots of love . Just fits into our small oven !
 This is a Christmas present for my daughter . I have always loved AirBake and Pyrex products and was not disappointed by their appearance . It is still two weeks before Christmas and she does not have them yet but wanted them because I have always used AirBake and Pyrex . Never disappointed by their performance !
 I was so happy to find this pan . I had one that my mother gave me years ago and it got broken and I was unable to find them in any of the stores near me . I was afraid this large size glass pan was now extinct ! I was so glad to find that it was still available . It is the perfect size for large casseroles that I make often . I got rid of all my metal pans years ago as they were turning my food dark and giving a metallic taste . I use only glass and this large one was an essential piece of my cooking equipment ! Thank You !
 I had a nice 9X13 rose colored one I shattered by turning on the wrong burner on my stove . Luckily I was n't in the room and it really scared me . So I really empathize with people who have them shatter while they 're standing right there . Awful.My 11X15 I bought enough years ago that the glass must have been better quality . Even so , I ca n't see myself using large glass above 400 and smaller ones a little higher for very brief periods . I got a chip in mine but use it anyway , use it a lot and would be lost without it . I love all my Pyrex glass but now after reading this if I need to replace any of it , I 'll try to find out how it was manufactured.This is serious business and I 'm not a litigous type , but I think it 's wrong to put a known hazardous product on the market , wet or not wet on the counter . I always put mine to cool on a rack . But some of you are n't getting it that far . And not to mention a large batch of something not fit to eat . I 've cooked like $ 25 worth of fish -LRB- would be more now -RRB- and just the work , that 's enough . I had my say .
 Love it -- Pyrex -- makes good stuff -- Dish washed great in dishwasher & is just a little bigger than my 9x13 which is great !!
 This is a really versatile dish , great for larger lasagnas , easy to clean and maintain , no fear of rust or corrosion .
 Pyrex pan was great . It arrived on date promised . Great for baking rolls and cakes in . Also great for casseroles that do not require a lid .
 We have a huge family and when we get together for dinner , we need a lot of food . Using this baking dish , I can create enough lasagna for 12 people easily , with some leftovers.The dish is amazing how easy it cleans up . If something cooks on the dish and it 's a bit crusty , I just soak it for several minutes and it scrubs right off.It 's sad how long I suffered with smaller baking dishes before I got this one . I love this baking dish !
 Great dish size ! Now when I bake anything that there is sauce involved , it does n't overflow . My oven stays clean .
 This baking dish is the perfect size . I wanted to double my blueberry buckle and this worked perfectly . Also was great for my over-sized zucchini I stuffed this summer ! Easy to clean as well .
 I got this in stores for 14 US dollars and it is amazing . I cleans right up and will fit any type of loaf I make and fits 2 whole chickens plus trimmings . large meat-loafs , roasts and lasagna for 5 people , minimum .
 perfect for lasagna 4 layers large crowd ! and by pyrex-of course its worth the price .
 There are lots of obvious uses for this pan , such as jumbo portions of lasagna . But for me , this is also the pan I haul out at Thanksgiving for turkey duty . Rather than use a conventional covered roasting pan that 'll spend 11 months of the year gathering dust out in the garage , I 've found this -- with the turkey size Reynolds oven roasting bags -- to be the perfect solution for extra-large -LRB- around 22 lbs . -RRB- birds.The standard 13 `` x9 '' pans are good for turkeys up to about 16 lbs , and I use this method for cooking chickens throughout the year . -LRB- The smaller Pyrex baking pans nestle inside this one in my cupboard . -RRB- My thinking is that it 's the same amount of effort to stuff and cook a larger bird as it is the smaller , and I 'm glad to have leftover turkey tucked away in my freezer for the next few weeks . The plastic bag keeps the meat moist and helps it cook evenly , as the steam is contained around the bird . And this jumbo Pyrex pan is easy to clean
 Same as # 5 - COULD N'T HAVE BEEN MORE PLEASED . Finished the set . Granddaughter now 5 - ordered all I lacked when the local Hallmark store stopped carrying .
 I purchased this product for my mother-in-law for Christmas . I had it shipped directly to her and when I spoke to her , she said she loved it . She liked that her recipe cards were protected and she could have the card on top for easy visibility .
 I have been looking for a spoon spatula for a while now . The wooden handle on this is very thick and sturdy , and is contoured to fit nicely in your hand . This is a great tool , and it looks great in my kitchen !
 I got the pesto spoon , but after some nervous experimentation I was delighted to find out that it works perfectly well for all manner of sauces , not just pesto . Once I realized that I felt a lot better about spending $ 8 -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- on a spoon .
 These are very good quality bowls . I have had them for 2 weeks now and have used them almost every single day since . I feel like a chef off Food Network with these beautiful babies.Next , I am going to buy the set with the lids ! Thanks Amazon for the great deals and free shipping !
 These three thick , sturdy mixing bowls are durable , stable , lasting , stackable -LRB- making them storage-friendly -RRB- , easy to clean , and versatile -LRB- microwave , refrigerator , oven , and dishwasher safe -RRB- . What more can you ask for for $ 10 ? Some people prefer more bowls , but three is adequate for apartment dwellers . I highly recommend them .
 The Pyrex mixing bowls are a classic . I grew up with them , had them in my kitchen , and now I 've bought a set for my son who 's off at college . The 3 sizes offer all the versatility you need , from mixing the ingredients for brownies to making tuna salad . They also work as serving bowls , for everything from salad to fruit to tacos . They 're heavy duty , sturdy , reliable and dishwasher safe . Really , a kitchen essential !
 Over time I have bought 8 or 9 of these 3 boul sets . As the other reviewers noted , they are extremely useful and attarctive . For 9.99 delivered they are a great deal .
 Great for popcorn , marinating , storage and so much more . They stack up great and I 've found usage for all of the 3 different sizes . And to top it off , you get the quality of Pyrex , a respected name in cookware for so many years . I am am very pleased with this purchase .
 I have owned this set of bowls for years and can attest to the fact that they hold up very well . Everyone knows what Pyrex is like , and these bowls are no exception . I do agree with the other reviewers - these bowls tend to be on the shallow side , but it 's so nice to be able to take them directly from the kitchen to the dining table . Less clean-up ! Speaking of clean-up , they wash up incredibly easy - even sticky messes wash out easily . One downfall is that they are very heavy . . especially when full , so take that into consideration . If you want very light , easy to hold with one hand bowls , then this is probably not the set for you . They do nest nicely inside each other making storage less of a problem . Overall , these are a great basic addition to any kitchen .
 Got this set for only $ 14 and I 'm happy about it . It 's not &#34; A &#34; quality , but is not bad either.Now I have additional bowls for my baking adventures.We also use this as regular food bowls since it 's also microwave safe .
 Also bought for daughter . Why do I have to type 20 more words . They are pyrex and hold water and are being used !
 there round there bowls when you put stuff in them it dont jump out so i guess there work the way a bowl is supposed to work
 The bowls are a very good quality , and the design is well done . Item just as described . A great product. ,
 These bowls were perfect for my use . I have been using them every day since I received them . Thanks you .
 This is a great collection of heavy duty , well made bowls . This is a very nice set and a great addition to any kitchen .
 Same bowls I remember from childhood . Sturdy , easy to clean , works with anything . I use the small bowl for breakfast eggs , medium for pancakes/waffles and the large for cakes and cookies .
 we 've had these bowls for a few years now . the big one broke a few months ago and we did n't hesitate to replace it . the set of three was cheaper than just the one , so we bought a new set . got the new bowls , but when i got home and completely opened them we found that the largest one was broken . we 're in germany , so that is to be expected sometimes . after placing the request for a replacement and getting the return labels , i got an email from amazon saying to keep the unbroken ones and that a new set was on the way . got the new set and the big one was intact . at that point we had three of the small and medium and one large , so we gave the extras to neighbors . the bowls are great and kudos to amazon for customer service .
 Pyrex bowls like these have been around forever . I do know that you always need to check any you buy for defects before using them . This happens ever so often . If you find them , just exchange them . Most defects do n't ever get worse and I have actually just used ones that had it for many years . Most are made perfect and they last and last . I like them because you can see to clean them and they come in functional sizes .
 One can never have enough glass bowls in the kitchen . I make microwave popcorn in the big one , and use the smaller ones for mixing , serving , and storing . Just perfect .
 Strange to get excited by glass bowls , but I have . They are thick and strong , great quality . I think they remind me of my mom -LRB- not the thick and strong part -RRB- ; - -RRB-
 I love these perfect pyrex bowls . Good for everything and anything . I can cook with it or serve with it .
 We love these Pyrex bowls and when one broke we had to go online and buy another set . We use them all the time .
 If you need some wide , shallow mixing bowls , these are a nice choice . Their design is attractive and basic , and you know the benefits of Pyrex . Before buying , you should consider stainless steel instead , as it is lighter -LRB- these are a bit heavy -RRB- and wo n't explode into sharp bits if you drop it on your tile floor . Also , bear in mind that these bowls are shallow , so if you are a messy mixer -LRB- or use an electric mixer or a fast whisk -RRB- , you may end up slopping ingredients out over the side.Their wide shape and clear material lets them do double duty as informal serving bowls , which a true -LRB- high sided -RRB- mixing bowl does n't do very well.In short , these are nice to have around for certain uses , but choose high-sided stainless steel bowls as your main set .
 I bought this set about two weeks ago and have been satisfied overall . You are getting exactly what you pay for ; three basic glass bowls that are fairly sturdy and seem very durable . My only complaint is that they identify themselves as ` mixing bowls ' and are really all too small to do any real mixing in . The smallest one is the size of a cereal bowl , and the biggest one can only hold enough salad for 4 people . If you want to actually mix , even a single batch of cookies , you 're going to want something bigger .
 I 've had these for about 14 years and I 'm still using them . I ca n't use them to serve anymore because they scratch rather easily and look awful , but they 're still on the mixing job . I 've used them so much that they 're needing replaced now but I really like being able to see through the bowl to make sure all the batter has been mixed thoroughly . It 's just one of those things everyone should have in their cabinet to make life easier .
 I have become increasingly fond of glass items in the kitchen . I have purchased glass lids for many of my pots , etc. . I prefer to see what is happening during mixing and cooking . Current glass , including Pyrex , is very durable ; I have never broken a piece.These bowls work brilliantly for myriad uses . They go into the oven , microwave , and fridge with aplomb.PSI like also the set of small Pyrex bowls , often seen on cooking shows , to hold spices , diced veggies , etc during preparation . These are also available on Amazon .
 I spend a lot of time in the kitchen , so having this set of handy and versatile bowls is essential . I got them a couple of months ago and use at least one of them every day . I agree that a high-sided mixing bowl would be better suited for an electric hand mixer , but since I do n't have one of those these shallow bowls are fine . They 're great for mixing by hand , serving , storing , clean easily , and fit nicely in the dishwasher .
 This is one of those things that you ca n't miss with ... you get what you pay for . Three Pyrex mixing bowls , which so far , have been terrific for me . Perfect for making and mixing anything I 've thrown at them , pouring hot liquid and then shoving it straight into the refrigerator , or mixing , quick wash , mixing something else.The lip makes them easy to hold on to , but kind of gets in the way when I 'm stacking these bowls with other mixing bowls I own , which are also Pyrex , but going on 25 years old now . Aside from that , so far , so good , and i 'm quite happy with the cheap purchase , which is cheaper than nearby stores .
 Great product . We 've had these bowls for almost 20 years and they 're still doing great . They 're a tad on the heavy side , but I have n't dropped them yet . In my personal opinion , I prefer glass bowls to metal for most mixing jobs , as metal bowls are more easily knocked over .
 I would n't think of mixing and storing food in any material other than glass . I have these bowls and they are wonderful . I use them every single day , from everything to making biscuits and pie dough to mixing a quick salad . They clean up so nicely -- never stain or hold odors from other foods . I feel that since plastic and other synthetic materials are made from petroleum , they ca n't be safe . Another safety factor is that plastic/synthetic bowls scratch and therefore bacteria and such can penetrate them . You wo n't go wrong with these bowls and they are an excellent value to boot .
 Bought these for myself ~ could n't pass up free shipping and sale price . Also ~ needed a couple more mixing bowls . However ~ I use these mostly as a double broiler . I just could n't see paying $ 40 + for a double broiler , when all I have to do is set one of these in my pan of water , and melt away . They work wonderful , SO break resistant , take my word for it . I 've owned them for months , and no problems ! They are thicker than I anticipated , and that is a bonus ! Would definitely buy again , and this set was less on Amazon that it was at Wal . . well u know . .
 I knew what I was buying , so there were n't any surprises . The only thing I do not like about them is the shallowness ; I wanted that feature for storage , but I did n't take into account how easy it is to be messy when mixing . I would suggest having another bowl around for use with an electric mixer . I like them , and I would buy them again ...
 As with all Pyrex products , these bowls are well made and sturdy . Although my daughter wanted bowls with some type of blue or blue design , I could n't find any in Pyrex . I 've had similar Pyrex bowls that have lasted me for the last 45 years !!
 These Pyrex Preware 3-piece mixing bowl set are wonderful ! I love pyrex products , I will use nothing less . You can always count on pyrex for quality .
 This product is the best quality . This set can be bought cheaper at Bed Bath and Beyond for $ 11.99 -LRB- minus their 20 % coupon -RRB- .
 these bowls are the right sizes , clean easily , and seem durable . they would be better if they were a little deeper and less wide .
 I really like these bowls . I prefer glass to plastic or other materials for some mixing . I had these a long time ago and lost them , so now I am happy to have another set.Thanks , Ruth
 This set of Pyrex bowls , are just the right size , for heating foods , baking , and serving . I Love them . Wish I had bought them , a long time ago .
 Nothing of value , no pop corn , or sauce prepared in the bowls . The bowls themselves were wonderful otherwise , micro safe , washable , see thru , nice lips . Would do it again .
 I love these mixing bowls . Included in the set are 3 bowls all in convenient sizes . They 're glass so of couse they are microwaveable . However , even though they are glass , they are sturdy . In fact , one of my favorite things about these bowls is that the shape of the rim makes them resistant to chipping -- unlike many other glass mixing bowls . They are also very economically priced . They are one of the best-priced mixing bowl sets available and top-notch quality too ! They ca n't be beat!The reviewer was compensated for posting this review . However , the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . Further , the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor , Amazon or the review requester .
 I enjoy the look of colorful ceramic bowls in the kitchen -- especially when I am mixing up a boring beige-colored batter , but I really prefer the way a glass bowl looks sitting in the drainer all clean and sparkling after use . Both are weighty even before you fill them with heavy batter . I also like the rim on these Pyrex bowls because it prevents dripping when you pour out the finished batter . Glass does n't chip as easily as ceramic bowls if you accidently hit it with your handheld mixer . Compared to using glass , plastic feels slippery to me , is limited by its opaqueness , but is lighter in weight -LRB- which might be an important advantage for older cooks -RRB- . Metal bowls are usually lightweight , but can be depressing in a kitchen because their solid , graytone interior prevents any light from illuminating your creation . I recommend these Pyrex bowls as a perfect housewarming gift .
 I use Pyrex ware myself and this set of bowls made a wonder made a wonderful , long lasting gift . Hurrah !
 I knocked these a star because the bowls that were sent to me had little scratches and so forth in them . That made me unhappy . After getting over that , they worked great !
 I love these mixing bowls ! They are the perfect size and so easy to clean ! I have never been disappointed with a Pyrex product !
 It 's not the size of the bowl that matters , it 's how you use it ! And so far these are holding up quite well to my style of cooking .
 The first ones i received were broken when i first opened the box BUT returned to amazon w / no problems and received a new set and they were not broken ! These bowls are great for mixing , salads , and marinating meats and such !
 I am very happy with my Pyrex Mixing Bowl Set . I use them all the time . I use the largest size the least but the other two are very practical preparing food for cooking . The smaller one is great as a serving dish for vegetables .
 i bought these bowls and i will buy another set would like to have them in blue everything i have gotten from amazon has been great
 A quite typical Pyrex high quality bowls . Versatile , durable and aesthetically pleasing . Three sizes , all of them dishwasher safe . Very good value for the money .
 I love these bowls . I use them smaller one for my salad bowl and use the others to make the salad in . . They are perfect for preparing something fast especially if you do n't want to get out the big mixer , just use the larger one and whisk by hand . . simple ... They wash up nice as well . . Love them !!
 There 's not too much to say , because they 're just mixing bowls , but I have n't any problems with them so far . It is nice to use glass mixing bowls over plastic ones though because there 's a lot less noise when whisking something like eggs . I would recommend these bowls to anyone , they 're a solid choice and fairly inexpensive .
 You can not have a working kitchen without AT LEAST one set of these bowls , preferably two sets ! Perfection itself .
 well , nice thing special and really nothing to complain about the set . Same as probably all other mixing bowls you used and great for the price .
 They are nice and thick glass , the best for mixing bowls . Ca n't beat the quality , best bowls I 've owned . Thanks
 This is a great quality product that I will use for the rest of my cooking days . They are sturdy and great for baking .
 Great name , great quality , modest cost . I 've used Pyrex all my cooking life which is about 48 years . You will not be disappointed if you buy these .
 I bought these a few weeks back and have been using them to cook almost daily . They 're durable , have a modern look , and were reasonably priced . No complaints !
 I was looking for the 1 and 1/2 qt . Pyrex bowl ... I could not find one to buy by itself . I found this set and get the whole set for less than $ 20 . I love my Pyrex and use them all the time . . the retailer was quick and I could n't ask for a better experience .
 These glass bowls are great . I love the sizes , the weight and the versatility of them . I 've always been able to depend on Pyrex products for their durability and long wear . And the prices have always been reasonable and affordable through the years .
 My last set of Pyrex bowls was more than 20 years old and getting pretty scratched up , plus I had broken one . Their weight makes them stable on the counter when mixing , whipping , or stirring and are heat resistant . The glass is tempered and thick so they are very study . I like my stainless bowls , too , but because they are so light weight , they require a pretty firm grip . These glass bowls clean easily , and are dishwasher safe . This is a quality set that any cook would love to see as a gift , too . I highly recommend them .
